<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230223_10-K_edgar_data_1267565_0001558370-23-001900.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>14555468</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>434768</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2186176</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5031313</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2440559</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4075152</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001558370-23-001900.hdr.sgml : 20230223
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230223160556
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001558370-23-001900
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		114
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230223
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230223

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			COLLEGIUM PHARMACEUTICAL, INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001267565
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			VA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37372
		FILM NUMBER:		23659596

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		100 TECHNOLOGY CENTER DRIVE
		CITY:			STOUGHTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02072
		BUSINESS PHONE:		781-713-3699

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		100 TECHNOLOGY CENTER DRIVE
		CITY:			STOUGHTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02072

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	COLLEGIUM PHARMACEUTICAL INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20031020

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001558370-23-001900.txt : 20230223

10-K
 1
 coll-20221231x10k.htm
 10-K

Table of Contents 
 04 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the year ended , OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to Commission File Number (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of exchange on which registered: , par value 0.001 per share The Global Select Market Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer (Do not check if smaller reporting company) Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Indicate by checkmark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No As of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately million, based on the closing price of the registrant s common stock on The NASDAQ Global Select Market on June 30, 2022 of 17.72 per share. Shares of the registrant s common stock held by each officer and director and each person known to the registrant to own 10 or more of the outstanding common stock of the registrant have been excluded in that such persons may be deemed affiliates. This determination of affiliate status is not a determination for other purposes. As of January 31, 2023, there were shares of the registrant s common stock, par value, 0.001 per share, outstanding. DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE Portions of the registrant s definitive proxy statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (the Proxy Statement ), to be filed within 120 days of the registrant s year ended December 31, 2022, are incorporated by reference in Part II and Part III of this Report on Form 10-K. Except with respect to information specifically incorporated by reference in this Form 10-K, the Proxy Statement is not deemed to be filed as part of this Form 10-K. 

Table of Contents 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS Page No. PART I Item 1. Business 3 Item 1A. Risk Factors 22 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 40 Item 2. Properties 40 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 40 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 40 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 41 Item 6. [Reserved] 42 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 43 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 58 Item 8. Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 58 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 58 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 58 Item 9B. Other Information 61 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 61 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 61 Item 11. Executive Compensation 61 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 61 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 61 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 61 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 61 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 64 SIGNATURES 65 
 1 

Table of Contents 
 Forward-Looking Statements Statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K that are not statements of historical or current facts, such as those under the heading Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements discuss our current expectations and projections relating to our financial condition, results of operations, plans, objectives, future performance and business. These statements may be preceded by, followed by or include the words aim, anticipate, believe, estimate, expect, forecast, intend, outlook, plan, potential, project, projection, seek, may, could, would, should, can, can have, likely, the negatives thereof and other words and terms of similar meaning. Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions; they are not guarantees of performance. You should not place undue reliance on these statements. We have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations and projections about future events. Although we believe that our assumptions made in connection with the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot assure you that the assumptions and expectations will prove to be correct. You should understand that the following important factors could affect our future results and could cause those results or other outcomes to differ materially from those expressed or implied in our forward-looking statements: our ability to commercialize and grow sales of our products; our ability to maintain regulatory approval of our products, and any related restrictions, limitations, and/or warnings in the label of an approved product; the size of the markets for our products, and our ability to service those markets; the success of competing products that are or become available; our ability to obtain and maintain reimbursement and third-party payor contracts with favorable terms for our products; the costs of commercialization activities, including marketing, sales and distribution; the rate and degree of market acceptance of our products; changing market conditions for our products; the outcome of any patent infringement, opioid-related or other litigation that may be brought by or against us; the outcome of any governmental investigation related to the manufacture, marketing and sale of opioid medications; the performance of our third-party suppliers and manufacturers; our ability to secure adequate supplies of active pharmaceutical ingredients for each of our products, manufacture adequate quantities of commercially salable inventory and maintain our supply chain; our ability to effectively manage our relationships with licensors and to commercialize products that we in-license from third parties; our ability to attract collaborators with development, regulatory and commercialization expertise; our ability to obtain funding for our business development; our ability to obtain regulatory approval for any product candidates we may acquire in the future; our ability to comply with the terms of our outstanding indebtedness; regulatory and legislative developments in the United States, including the adoption of opioid stewardship and similar taxes that may impact our business; our ability to obtain and maintain sufficient intellectual property protection for our products and any future product candidates; our ability to comply with stringent government regulations relating to the manufacturing and marketing of pharmaceutical products, including U.S. Drug Enforcement Agency DEA compliance; our customer concentration, which may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations; the accuracy of our estimates regarding expenses, revenue, capital requirements and need for additional financing; and the other risks, uncertainties and factors discussed under the heading Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In light of these risks and uncertainties, expected results or other anticipated events or circumstances discussed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (including the exhibits hereto) might not occur. We undertake no obligation, and 
 2 

Table of Contents 
 specifically decline any obligation, to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, even if experience or future developments make it clear that projected results expressed or implied in such statements will not be realized, except as may be required by law. These and other risks are described under the heading Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Those factors and the other risk factors described therein are not necessarily all of the important factors that could cause actual results or developments to differ materially from those expressed in any of our forward-looking statements. Other unknown or unpredictable factors also could harm our results. Consequently, there can be no assurance that actual results or developments anticipated by us will be realized or, even if substantially realized, that they will have the expected consequences to, or effects on, us. Given these uncertainties, prospective investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. PART I Item 1. Business Overview We are building a leading, diversified specialty pharmaceutical company committed to improving the lives of people living with serious medical conditions. We commercialize our pain portfolio, consisting of Xtampza ER, Nucynta ER and Nucynta IR (collectively the Nucynta Products ), Belbuca, and Symproic, in the United States. Xtampza ER, an abuse-deterrent, oral formulation of oxycodone, was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA in April 2016 for the management of pain severe enough to require daily, around-the-clock, long-term opioid treatment and for which alternative treatment options are inadequate. We commercially launched Xtampza ER in June 2016. The Nucynta Products are extended-release ER and immediate-release IR formulations of tapentadol. Nucynta ER is indicated for the management of pain severe enough to require daily, around the clock, long-term opioid treatment, including neuropathic pain associated with diabetic peripheral neuropathy in adults, and for which alternate treatment options are inadequate. Nucynta IR is indicated for the management of acute pain severe enough to require an opioid analgesic and for which alternative treatments are inadequate in adults. We began shipping and recognizing product sales on the Nucynta Products in January 2018 and began marketing the Nucynta Products in February 2018. On March 22, 2022, we acquired BioDelivery Sciences International, Inc. BDSI ), a specialty pharmaceutical company working to deliver innovative therapies for individuals living with serious and debilitating chronic conditions, pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of February 14, 2022, by and among us, Bristol Acquisition Company Inc., our wholly owned subsidiary, and BDSI (the BDSI Acquisition ). Upon closing, we acquired the Belbuca, Symproic, and Elyxyb products. We began shipping and recognizing product sales related to Belbuca, Symproic, and Elyxyb in March 2022. Belbuca is a buccal film that contains buprenorphine, a Schedule III opioid, and was approved by the FDA in October 2015 for use in patients with pain severe enough to require daily, around-the-clock, long-term opioid treatment for which alternative options are inadequate. Symproic was approved by the FDA in March 2017 for the treatment of opioid-induced constipation OIC in adult patients with chronic non-cancer pain, including patients with chronic pain related to prior cancer or its treatment who do not require frequent (e.g., weekly) opioid dosage escalation. Elyxyb was approved by the FDA in May 2020 for the acute treatment of migraine with or without aura in adults. We discontinued commercialization of Elyxyb in the fourth quarter of 2022 and transferred that product, together with related assets and liabilities, to a third party in the first quarter of 2023. For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, we generated 463.9 million in net revenues across our portfolio. Pain, Pain Management, and Opioid Abuse in the United States Acute and Chronic Pain Pain can be classified along many different variables, including severity, duration and etiology. There are two broad categories of pain based on duration: acute pain, or pain that is self-limited and generally requires treatment for no more 
 3 

Table of Contents 
 than up to a few weeks, and chronic pain, or pain that lasts beyond the healing of an injury or that persists longer than 3-6 months. The overall prevalence of chronic pain among adults in the United States is 20.4 , affecting approximately 50.0 million Americans. Additionally, 7.4 of the U.S. adult population, approximately 19.6 million people, suffer from high-impact chronic pain that frequently limits life or work activities. A 2011 report from the Institute of Medicine estimated that chronic pain costs the U.S. between 560.0 and 635.0 billion per year in direct medical costs and lost productivity, which does not include the cost of care for institutionalized individuals (e.g., nursing home residents, prisoners), military personnel, or children, or the costs associated with caregiving. The estimated annual costs of chronic pain exceed the costs for heart disease, cancer, and diabetes. Role of Prescription Opioids in the Treatment of Pain Prescription opioids continue to serve as important tools in the treatment of acute and chronic pain where alternative treatments have been inadequate. Prescription opioids are available in immediate-release formulations as well as in extended-release formulations, which incorporate a time-release mechanism designed to deliver steady amounts of opioid, typically over 12 to 24 hours. Extended-release opioids are designed to offer more convenient dosing with a longer period of consistent blood levels of the active drug as compared to immediate-release formulations. In 2022, there were approximately 145.1 million prescriptions for opioids written in the United States, representing a 5 decline from 2021 levels and including approximately 2.6 million prescriptions for branded extended-release opioids, approximately 11.6 million prescriptions for generic extended-release opioids, and approximately 130.9 million prescriptions for immediate-release opioids. After marked increases in opioid prescriptions from 2000 to 2015, prescriptions have decreased each year since 2015, correlating with rising awareness of the extent and impact of the opioid crisis. Indeed, prescription levels in 2020 returned to levels similar to those seen in the year 2000, when 143.8 million prescriptions for opioids were written in the United States, including 11.4 million prescriptions for extended-release opioids and 132.4 million prescriptions for immediate-release opioids. Increasingly, practitioners and regulators are focusing on multidisciplinary, multimodal approaches to pain management, including exercise, physical therapy and psychotherapy, and opioid and non-opioid medications. Recognizing the role that opioid therapy continues to play in effective management of moderate to severe pain in appropriate patients, these groups are advocating for best practices that support appropriate opioid prescribing to help mitigate the risks of abuse, addiction and other adverse events associated with prescription opioids. Prescription Opioid Abuse in the United States Prescription opioids of all kinds, including both immediate-release and extended-release formulations, are subject to manipulation, diversion, misuse, and abuse. Besides their accepted uses for analgesia, opioids produce a general sense of well-being or euphoria by reducing tension, anxiety, and aggression. These effects contribute to the attractiveness of opioids for abuse and, indeed, the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention CDC has described abuse of prescription drugs in the United States as a vast and deadly epidemic. The beginning of the opioid overdose epidemic in the late 1990s was marked by a rise in prescription opioid overdose deaths. For a variety of reasons, heroin use began increasing in the mid-2000s, and had surpassed prescription opioids as a cause of opioid-related overdose by 2016, reaching a rate of 4.9 per 100,000 persons in 2018. Meanwhile, the predominant opioid cause of death in 2018 involved synthetic opioids other than methadone. While opioid-related overdose deaths declined slightly in 2018 (in contrast to the sharp increases during 2014 to 2017), the number of drug overdose deaths was still four times higher in 2018 than in 1999. The emergence of COVID-19 in early 2020 raised fears that already-rising drug overdose deaths could surge even further amid social isolation, economic stress, and disrupted access to treatment facilities and providers. Prior research showed that overdose deaths immediately spiked to previously unseen levels after the COVID-19 pandemic began to impact the United States domestically in March 2020 and stayed elevated throughout the summer of 2020. The Department of Health and Human Services HHS estimates that in 2022, 10.1 million Americans misused prescription opioids in the last year, 1.6 million had an opioid use disorder, and more than 48,000 died from overdosing on synthetic opioids other than methadone. Despite heightened awareness of the risks associated with opioid use, abuse of prescription opioids, including extended-release formulations, continues to be a public health issue. 
 4 

Table of Contents 
 Extended-release opioids may be especially attractive to people who abuse opioids because, if the extended-release mechanism can be defeated through tampering, many extended-release products quickly deliver a relatively large amount of active pharmaceutical ingredient API (i.e., an effect known as dose dumping ). By manipulating these products, people who abuse opioids achieve a more intense euphoria as a result of rapid increases in the blood concentration of the API. In response to issues surrounding abuse of prescription opioids, pharmaceutical companies have developed novel, abuse-deterrent formulation strategies. Abuse-deterrent formulations, including the DETERx platform that is incorporated in Xtampza ER, target the known or expected routes of abuse, such as crushing in order to snort or dissolving in order to inject, for the specific opioid drug substance. The FDA has encouraged the development of prescription opioids with abuse-deterrent formulations to help combat the opioid crisis, and expanding access to abuse deterrent formulations is part of the FDA s comprehensive Opioids Action Plan. These technologies, however, do not eliminate the possibility of misuse and abuse. Moreover, no abuse deterrence technology, including DETERx, is able to deter the most common form of abuse swallowing a number of intact capsules or tablets to achieve a feeling of euphoria. Legislative and Regulatory Actions In response to widespread prescription opioid abuse, the U.S. government and a number of state legislatures have in recent years enacted new legislation and regulations intended to fight the opioid epidemic. At the federal level (in addition to the DEA and FDA efforts discussed elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K), in 2016 the CDC issued prescribing guidelines intended to reduce opioid-related harms by encouraging primary care physicians to limit the amount of morphine milligram equivalents (MMEs) that they prescribe for chronic pain patients. On November 4, 2022, the CDC released updated guidance on prescribing opioids for pain. The 2022 prescribing guidelines replaced the 2016 guidelines but retained their principles for prescribing opioids for chronic pain. The newly updated CDC guidelines note that although opioids should not be considered first-line therapy for pain management, this does not mean that patients should be required to sequentially fail nonpharmacologic and nonopioid therapy before proceeding to opioid therapy, but rather the expected benefits specific to the clinical context should be weighed against risks before initiating therapy. In addition to CDC, the Department of Health and Human Services HHS provided guidance to clinicians initiating a reduction in opioid dosage or discontinuation of long-term opioid therapy for chronic pain. While much, if not most, of the state level efforts have focused primarily on increasing people s access to substance abuse treatment and harm reduction measures, some initiatives more directly impact manufacturers and distributors of prescription opioid products; these laws include requirements that manufacturers fund statewide drug take-back programs or pay opioid-specific taxes or impact fees and laws that limit the amount of opioid products that a physician may prescribe. Recent years have also seen a variety of proposed and enacted laws and regulations at the federal, state and local level intended to reduce, or limit increases in, pharmaceutical prices, including prescription drug price disclosure laws. Other jurisdictions may enact similar or novel measures intended to reduce or constrain the growth of pharmaceutical spending or otherwise impose policy measures (either opioid-specific or applicable to the pharmaceutical industry as a whole) that could increase our operating costs associated with compliance. Our Portfolio Our mission is to build a leading, diversified specialty pharmaceutical company committed to improving the lives of people living with serious medical conditions. We have leveraged our research and development efforts as well as acquisitions and licensing relationships with third parties, to develop a portfolio of meaningfully differentiated products for use in the treatment of moderate to severe pain. Xtampza ER Our company was formed in 2002 to help address the opioid epidemic through the development of Xtampza ER, a pain treatment option designed with abuse deterrent properties. Xtampza ER is an abuse-deterrent, extended-release, oral formulation of oxycodone. Xtampza ER is formulated using our novel abuse-deterrent technology platform, DETERx, which provides extended-release delivery, while also providing barriers to common methods of abuse and misuse (e.g., crushing, chewing, heating, and injecting). This technology combines an active opioid ingredient with a fatty acid and waxes to form microspheres that are filled into a capsule. These wax-based microspheres are designed to resist particle size reduction and dose dumping when subjected to physical and chemical manipulation. 
 5 

Table of Contents 
 In April 2016, the FDA approved our New Drug Application NDA for Xtampza ER for the management of pain severe enough to require daily, around-the-clock, long-term opioid treatment and for which alternative treatment options are inadequate. The approved labeling for Xtampza ER includes human abuse potential studies, as well as data supporting the administration of the product as a sprinkle or through feeding tubes. In June 2016, we commercially launched Xtampza ER in the United States. Xtampza ER is formulated using our novel abuse-deterrent technology platform, DETERx, which provides extended-release delivery, while also providing barriers to common methods of abuse and misuse (e.g., crushing, chewing, heating and injecting). This technology combines an active opioid ingredient with a fatty acid and waxes to form microspheres that are filled into a capsule. These wax-based microspheres are designed to resist particle size reduction and dose dumping when subjected to physical and chemical manipulation. Xtampza ER s label indicates a dosing regimen of one capsule every 12 hours, and it must be taken with food. Xtampza ER, OxyContin, and the authorized generic versions of OxyContin (which are identical to the branded versions) are the only extended-release oxycodone products marketed in the United States as of January 2023. Xtampza ER and OxyContin (along with its authorized generics) feature the same active pharmaceutical ingredient (oxycodone) and feature abuse-deterrent technologies though the abuse deterrent technologies are designed differently. In November 2017, we announced FDA approval of a Supplemental New Drug Application sNDA for Xtampza ER to include comparative oral pharmacokinetic data from a clinical study evaluating the effect of physical manipulation by crushing Xtampza ER compared with OxyContin and a control (oxycodone hydrochloride immediate-release). In the study, Xtampza ER maintained its extended-release pharmacokinetic profile when crushed, while OxyContin showed a rapid release of oxycodone when crushed with common household tools; crushed OxyContin was bioequivalent to crushed oxycodone IR. The sNDA also added results from an oral human abuse potential study and an oral abuse deterrent claim to the label, making Xtampza ER the only single-agent extended-release oxycodone with oral, intranasal, and intravenous abuse-deterrent labeling. We are committed to ongoing monitoring and public dissemination of our real-world abuse and diversion data, regardless of the results. The two main sources of real-world abuse, misuse, and diversion data are RADARS and Inflexxion, an IBH Company. The Researched Abuse, Diversion and Addiction-Related Surveillance (RADARS) System collects product-and geographically-specific data on abuse, misuse, and diversion of prescription drugs through its multiple data sources. Abuse, misuse, and diversion of Xtampza ER has remained low compared to commonly abused schedule II opioid analgesics for three years after introduction into the U.S. market. Methods to defeat the tamper resistant properties of Xtampza ER are reported but there is no indication of widespread or expanding abuse or misuse in the data streams evaluated. Potential limitations are based upon the fact that the Poison Center and Treatment Center Program cases involve self-reporting which may lead to: 1) differential misidentification among drug groups which may affect observed differences, and 2) case counts of drug groups comprised primarily of branded products (other ADF ER opioids) may be overestimated when based on self-reporting and drug groups comprised primarily of generic products (non-ADF ER opioids and IR oxycodone) may be underestimated. The RADARS data represents a single snapshot in time and is subject to change. Therefore, we plan to continue monitoring real world data characterizing the rate of abuse, misuse, and diversion of Xtampza. Nucynta Products The Nucynta Products are oral formulations of tapentadol. Nucynta ER was approved by the FDA in November 2008 for the management of pain severe enough to require daily, around the clock, long-term opioid treatment, including neuropathic pain associated with diabetic peripheral neuropathy in adults, and for which alternate treatment options are inadequate. Nucynta IR was approved by the FDA in November 2008 for the management of acute pain severe enough to require an opioid analgesic and for which alternative treatments are inadequate in adults. We began commercializing the Nucynta Products in 2018 pursuant to a Commercialization Agreement (the Nucynta Commercialization Agreement with Assertio Therapeutics, Inc. (formerly known as Depomed) Assertio ), pursuant to which Assertio granted us a sublicense of certain of its intellectual property related to the Nucynta Products for commercialization of such products in the United States. In February 2020, we acquired additional assets related to the Nucynta Products from Assertio and assumed all commercialization responsibilities, including sales and marketing, for the Nucynta Products through the acquisition of a license from Gr nenthal Gmbh (the Gr nenthal License and such acquisition, the Nucynta Acquisition ). Upon closing the Nucynta Acquisition, the Nucynta Commercialization Agreement and our prior royalty obligation to Assertio ceased; our only remaining royalty obligation is to pay 14 of net sales of the Nucynta Products directly to Gr nenthal Gmbh under the Gr nenthal License. 
 6 

Table of Contents 
 Belbuca and Symproic Belbuca is a buccal film that contains buprenorphine, a partial opioid agonist, and was approved by the FDA in October 2015 for use in patients with pain severe enough to require daily, around-the-clock, long-term opioid treatment for which alternative options are inadequate. Symproic is an oral formulation of naldemedine. Symproic was approved by the FDA in March 2017 for the treatment of OIC in adult patients with chronic non-cancer pain, including patients with chronic pain related to prior cancer or its treatment who do not require frequent (e.g., weekly) opioid dosage escalation. We began commercializing Belbuca and Symproic in March 2022 upon consummation of the BDSI Acquisition. Manufacturing of Our Products Overview Xtampza ER is manufactured using a proprietary process. This process is reproducible, scalable, and cost-efficient, and we believe that the microsphere formulation and the related manufacturing process is unique in the extended-release opioid market. To date, we have produced Xtampza ER through a contract manufacturing organization, Patheon, a subsidiary of Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc. Our microsphere production is currently conducted in a dedicated manufacturing suite as we transitioned the microsphere production to the new suite in 2021. Patheon has an established record of manufacturing FDA-approved products in the United States, including products containing controlled substances. We own all of the intellectual property, including know-how and specialized manufacturing equipment, necessary to be able to qualify the manufacturing equipment currently located at Patheon s facility at an alternative location (and with an alternative vendor) if necessary. Nucynta ER was historically produced at a Janssen facility in Puerto Rico pursuant to a supply agreement that we assumed from Assertio in connection with the Nucynta Acquisition. In September 2022, we completed the transfer of the Nucynta ER manufacturing process through a technology transfer program to enable manufacturing of Nucynta ER at Patheon in Cincinnati, Ohio. Thus, Nuncynta ER is currently manufactured at Patheon, pursuant to a supply agreement. Nucynta IR is produced at a contract manufacturing organization, Cambrex, pursuant to a supply agreement. Belbuca and Symproic are manufactured pursuant to supply agreements we assumed from BDSI in connection with the BDSI Acquisition. Belbuca laminate (i.e., bulk product) is produced by Adhesives Research in Glen Rock, Pennsylvania. Belbuca laminate is then sent to either LTS Therapy Systems (formerly Tapemark) in St. Paul, Minnesota or Sharp Packaging Solutions in Allentown, Pennsylvania where it is converted into individual dosage units and, ultimately, into finished goods. For the Belbuca product portfolio, we are currently qualifying alternate bulk and secondary packaging operations at our existing manufacturer s sites. Symproic is manufactured by UPM Pharmaceuticals in Bristol, Tennessee and packaged by Sharp Packaging Solutions in Allentown, Pennsylvania. Prior to discontinuation of our commercialization activities, Elyxyb was manufactured and packaged by Contract Pharmaceuticals Limited Canada in Mississauga, Ontario. Drug Substances The API used to formulate the products in our portfolio and DEA drug scheduling are as follows: 

Product API DEA Drug Schedule Xtampza ER Oxycodone Schedule II Nucynta IR Tapentadol Schedule II Nucynta ER Tapentadol Schedule II Belbuca Buprenorphone Schedule III Symproic Naldemedine Not a controlled substance Elyxyb Celecoxib Not a controlled substance Oxycodone, tapentadol, and buprenorphine are classified as narcotic controlled substances under U.S. federal law. Xtampza ER and the Nucynta Products are classified by the DEA as Schedule II controlled substances, meaning these products have a high potential for abuse and dependence but are recognized as having an accepted medical use. Belbuca 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 is classified as a Schedule III controlled substance, meaning it has a moderate to low potential for abuse. Due to the controlled substances classification, the manufacturing, shipping, dispensing and storing of these products are subject to a high degree of regulation, as described in more detail under the caption Government Regulation DEA and Opioid Regulation. We currently procure the API used in our products from a sole supplier or limited numbers of suppliers. As part of our business continuity program, we are in the process of qualifying additional API manufacturers. Marketing and Commercialization We commercialize our products in the United States with a dedicated field sales force, consisting of approximately 120 sales representatives and managers, to call on the approximately 8,600 health care professionals who write approximately 62 of the branded extended-release opioid prescriptions in the United States, with a primary focus on pain specialists. We also employ a market-access team to support our formulary approval and payor contracting. Our marketing strategy focuses on increasing awareness of the differentiated features of our products. As an integral part of educating clinicians regarding the properties and differentiated profiles of our products, our sales force is trained to share information relating to significant risks associated with prescription opioids, including risks relating to addiction, abuse, and misuse. We primarily sell our products to wholesalers that, in turn, distribute our products to retail outlets (such as drug store and supermarket chains and independent pharmacies), managed health care organizations and government agencies. Customers in the managed health care market include health maintenance organizations, nursing homes, hospitals, clinics, pharmacy benefit management companies and mail order customers. Three of our customers comprised more than 10 of our revenue during the year ended December 31, 2022. These customers comprised 33 , 33 and 31 of revenue, respectively. As the COVID-19 pandemic unfolded, and governmental and societal reactions to it evolved, our business was impacted by several trends, including depressed pain patient office visits compared to pre-COVID periods, which in turn may account for fewer patients beginning therapy with our products, and labor disruptions that impacted pain offices, which in turn impacted our access to, and quality of interactions with, such offices. Notwithstanding the fact that the Department of Health and Human Services is planning for the federal public health emergency for COVID-19 to expire in May 2023, we expect the trends that emerged as a result of the pandemic to persist in the near to medium term. Intellectual Property The protection of patents, designs, trademarks and other proprietary rights that we own or license is critical to our success and competitive position. Xtampza ER is protected by nineteen issued patents in the United States (which cover both the abuse-deterrent technology and methods of using it to treat patients), one granted and two pending applications in the European Patent Office, two issued patents in Canada, and one issued patent in each of Japan and Australia. Finally, we have six patent applications pending in the United States, one pending patent application in each of Canada and Japan, and one pending PCT application. Our issued U.S. patents are projected to expire in 2023, 2025, 2030, and 2036 and our pending patent applications in the United States, if issued, would be projected to expire in 2023, 2030, and 2036. In addition, we use a unique and proprietary process to manufacture our products that requires significant know how, which we currently protect as trade secrets. Nucynta is protected by one issued patent in the United States (which covers both the drug substance and drug product) that is projected to expire in 2025. Nucynta ER is protected by seven issued patents in the United States (which cover the drug substance, drug product, certain characteristics of the dosage form, and methods of treating patients) that are projected to expire in 2023, 2024, 2025, and 2028. Belbuca is protected by three issued patents in the United States (which cover a method of treating patients) that are projected to expire in 2027 and 2032. We have concluded that some of our technology is best protected as proprietary know-how, rather than through obtaining patents. Except for licenses from Gr nenthal GmbH to commercialize the Nucynta Products in the United States and its territories, and a license from Shionogi to commercialize Symproic in the United States and its territories, our technology and products are not in-licensed from any third party, and we own all of the rights to Xtampza ER. We 
 8 

Table of Contents 
 believe we have freedom to operate in the United States and other countries, but there can be no assurance that other companies, known and unknown, will not attempt to assert their intellectual property against us. We also rely on trademarks and trade designs to develop and maintain our competitive position. We have received trademark registration for Collegium Pharmaceutical, Inc., DETERx, and Xtampza ER in the United States, and acquired trademarks associated with the Nucynta Products in connection with the Nucynta Acquisition and Belbuca and Symproic in connection with the BDSI Acquisition. Our business depends upon the skills, knowledge and experience of our scientific and technical personnel, as well as that of our advisors, consultants and other contractors. To help protect our proprietary know-how that is not patentable, we rely on trade secret protection and confidentiality agreements to protect our interests. To this end, we generally require our employees, consultants and advisors to enter into confidentiality agreements prohibiting the disclosure of confidential information and, in some cases, requiring disclosure and assignment to us of the ideas, developments, discoveries and inventions important to our business. Additionally, these confidentiality agreements require that our employees, consultants and advisors do not bring to us, or use without proper authorization, any third party s proprietary technology. Competition Our industry is characterized by rapidly advancing technologies, intense competition, and a strong emphasis on proprietary products. We face competition and potential competition from several sources, including pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, generic and branded drug companies, drug delivery companies and academic and research institutions. However, our primary source of competition stems from the generic opioid market, including both extended-release and immediate-release opioid drugs. Most of the existing and potential competitors have significantly more financial and other resources than we do. We believe the key competitive factors that will affect the commercial success of our products include the therapeutic efficacy, convenience of dosing and distribution and, in the case of Xtampza ER, the degree of abuse deterrence of competing products, as well as their safety, cost and tolerability profiles. Government Regulation FDA Approval Process In the United States, pharmaceutical products are subject to extensive regulation by the FDA. The Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act and other federal and state statutes and regulations govern the research, development, testing, manufacture, storage, recordkeeping, approval, labeling, promotion and marketing, distribution, post-approval monitoring and reporting, sampling, and import and export of pharmaceutical products. Failure to comply with applicable U.S. requirements may subject a company to a variety of administrative or judicial sanctions, such as warning or untitled letters, product recalls, product seizures, total or partial suspension of production or distribution, withdrawal of the product from the market, injunctions, fines, civil penalties, and criminal prosecution. Failure to meet FDA requirements for approval would also result in a medication not being approved for marketing. The process of developing a pharmaceutical product and obtaining FDA approval to market the medication in the United States typically involves: completion of preclinical laboratory and animal testing and formulation studies in compliance with the FDA s good laboratory practices GLP and regulations; submission to the FDA of an Investigational New Drug Application IND for human clinical testing, which becomes effective 30 days after submission and, if not placed on clinical hold, before human clinical trials may begin in the United States; approval by an independent institutional review board, at each clinical trial site before each trial may be initiated; performance of adequate and well-controlled human clinical trials in accordance with current good clinical practices GCP and FDA regulations to establish the safety and effectiveness of the proposed drug product for each indication for which FDA approval is sought; satisfactory completion of an FDA pre-approval inspection of the facility or facilities at which the product is manufactured to assess compliance with the FDA s current good manufacturing practices cGMP and regulations; submission to the FDA of a NDA or, in the case of a generic drug, an abbreviated NDA ANDA 
 9 

Table of Contents 
 satisfactory completion of a review by an FDA advisory committee, if convened; and FDA review and approval of the NDA or ANDA. Satisfaction of FDA pre-market approval requirements typically takes many years and the actual time required may vary substantially based upon the application type, complexity, and novelty of the product or disease. Preclinical tests include laboratory evaluation of product chemistry, formulation, stability and toxicity, as well as animal studies to assess the characteristics and potential safety and efficacy of the product candidate. The conduct of the preclinical tests must comply with federal regulations and requirements, including GLPs. The results of preclinical testing are submitted to the FDA as part of an IND along with other information, including information about product chemistry, manufacturing and controls, and a proposed clinical trial protocol. Long-term preclinical tests, such as animal tests of reproductive toxicity and carcinogenicity, may continue after the IND is submitted. Clinical trials involve the administration of the investigational new drug to healthy volunteers or subjects under the supervision of a qualified investigator. Clinical trials must be conducted: (i) in compliance with federal regulations and GCP, an international standard for the design, conduct, performance, monitoring, auditing, recording, analyses, and reporting of clinical trials that provides assurance that the data and reported results are credible and accurate, and that the rights, integrity, and confidentiality of trial subjects are protected; and (ii) under protocols detailing, among other things, the objectives of the trial, the parameters to be used in monitoring safety, and any effectiveness criteria to be evaluated. Clinical trials to support NDAs for marketing approval are typically conducted in three sequential phases, but the phases may overlap or be combined. Phase 1 : This phase includes the initial introduction of an investigational new drug into patients or healthy volunteer subjects. These studies are typically closely monitored and designed to determine the metabolism and pharmacological actions of the drug in humans, the side effects associated with increasing doses, and, in some cases, early evidence of effectiveness. Phase 2 : This phase includes well-controlled, closely monitored studies conducted in a relatively small number of patients (typically no more than several hundred patients) to assess effectiveness of the drug for particular indication(s) in patients with the diseases or condition under study as well as to determine the common short-term side effects and risks associated with the drug. Phase 3 : This phase includes expanded controlled and uncontrolled trials which are performed after preliminary evidence suggesting effectiveness of the drug has been obtained. These studies typically include several hundred to several thousand patients and are conducted to gather additional information about the effectiveness and safety of the drug in order to evaluate the overall risk-benefit relationship and provide an adequate basis for labeling. For opioid products designed to deter abuse, FDA guidance regarding studies and clinical trials dictates what types of studies should be conducted to demonstrate abuse-deterrence, how those studies and clinical trials will be evaluated, and what product labeling claims may be approved based on the results of those studies and clinical trials. There are four categories of abuse-deterrence studies and clinical trials: Categories 1, 2 and 3 consist of pre-marketing studies and clinical trials designed to evaluate a product candidate s abuse potential under controlled conditions, while Category 4 studies analyze post-market data to assess the impact of abuse-deterrent properties on actual abuse. The final guidance also provides examples of product label claims that may be made based on the results of the corresponding studies and clinical trials. After completion of the required clinical testing, an NDA is prepared and submitted to the FDA. The FDA conducts a preliminary review of all NDAs within the first 60 days after submission before accepting them for filing. Pursuant to agreements reached during reauthorization of the Prescription Drug User Fee Act PDUFA ), the FDA has a goal of acting on most original NDAs within six months or ten months of the application submission or filing date, depending on the nature of the drug and application type. The FDA has a number of programs intended to help expedite testing, review, and approval of drug candidates that meet certain eligibility criteria. The FDA may refer applications for novel drug products, or drug products that present difficult questions of safety or effectiveness, to an advisory committee typically a panel that includes clinicians and other experts for review, evaluation, and a recommendation as to whether the application should be approved and under what conditions. The FDA is not bound by the recommendation of an advisory committee, but it generally follows such recommendations. 
 10 

Table of Contents 
 If the FDA s evaluations of the NDA and of the sponsor s manufacturing facilities are favorable, the FDA will issue an approval letter, and the sponsor may begin marketing the drug for the approved indications, subject to any post-approval requirements, described further below. If the FDA determines it cannot approve the NDA in its current form, it will issue a complete response letter indicating that the application will not be approved in its current form. The complete response letter usually describes the specific deficiencies that the FDA identified in the application and may require additional clinical or other data or impose other conditions that must be met in order to obtain approval of the NDA. After receiving a complete response letter, the applicant may resubmit the application addressing all deficiencies in the letter or withdraw the application. Addressing the deficiencies noted by the FDA can be costly and can result in significant delays prior to approval. Moreover, even if the applicant believes it has addressed the deficiencies, it is possible that approval may not ultimately be obtained. Where a sponsor wishes to expand the originally approved prescribing information, such as by adding a new indication, it must submit and obtain approval of a supplemental NDA sNDA ). Changes to an indication generally require additional clinical studies, which can be time-consuming and require the expenditure of substantial additional resources. Under PDUFA, the target timeframe for the review of a sNDA to add a new clinical indication is six or ten months from the receipt date, depending on whether or not the sNDA has priority review. As with an NDA, if the FDA determines that it cannot approve a sNDA in its current form, it will issue a complete response letter as discussed above. REMS The FDA has the authority to require a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy REMS ), either as a condition of the approval of an NDA or after approval. A REMS is a program to manage known or potential serious risks associated with a drug product and may be required by the FDA to ensure that the benefits of a drug outweigh its risks. If the FDA determines a REMS is necessary for a new drug, the drug sponsor must submit a proposed REMS plan as part of its NDA prior to approval. The FDA may also impose a REMS requirement on a drug already on the market if the FDA determines, based on new safety information, that a REMS is necessary to ensure that the drug s benefits continue to outweigh its risks. A REMS can include medication guides, communication plans for healthcare professionals, and Elements To Assure Safe Use ETASU ). In addition, the REMS must include a timetable for periodically assessing the strategy, at a minimum, at 18 months, three years, and seven years after the REMS approval. The requirement for a REMS can materially affect the potential market and profitability of a drug. In July 2012, the FDA approved a class-wide REMS for extended-release and long-acting opioid products (Opioid Analgesic REMS). Extended-release formulations of oxycodone, morphine, hydrocodone and hydromorphone, for example, are required to have a REMS. The goal of the Opioid Analgesic REMS is to educate prescribers and other healthcare providers (including pharmacists and nurses) on the treatment and monitoring of patients with pain. Manufacturers subject to this class-wide REMS must work together to implement the REMS as part of the Opioid Analgesic REMS Program Companies RPC ), which is a collaboration of drug product companies to implement a single shared REMS to reduce the burden on the healthcare system accessed from the RPC REMs website. The content on this website is determined by, hosted on behalf of, and is financially supported by the RPC. The central component of the extended-release/long-acting opioid REMS program is an education program for healthcare providers who prescribe, and healthcare providers involved in the treatment and monitoring of patients who receive opioid analgesics. Specifically, the REMS includes a product-specific Medication Guide and the Patient Counseling Guide available for distribution to patients who are dispensed the drug, as well as a number of ETASU. These ETASU include REMS-compliant accredited CE for Healthcare Providers (HCPs), which includes all healthcare providers who prescribe or are involved in the management of patients with pain; information provided to prescribers that they can use to educate patients in the safe use, storage, and disposal of opioids; and information provided to prescribers about the existence of the REMS and the strong recommendation that they complete the available training. Prescriber training required to be offered as part of the REMS is conducted by accredited, independent continuing education providers, without cost to healthcare professionals, under unrestricted grants funded by the opioid analgesic manufacturers. Moreover, REMS assessments must be submitted on an annual basis to assess the extent to which the ETASU are meeting the goals of the REMS and whether the goals or elements should be modified. In September 2018, and pursuant to its Opioids Action Plan, the FDA approved the final class-wide REMS, which includes several measures to facilitate communication of the risks associated with opioid pain medications to patients and health care professionals. For the first time, FDA notified companies that have NDAs or ANDAs for certain opioid analgesic drug products NDA/ANDA holders of the elements required for a single REMS for opioid analgesic products, whether branded or generic. The REMS requires that training be made available to health care providers who 
 11 

Table of Contents 
 are involved in the management of patients with pain (including nurses and pharmacists) and requires that the education cover broad information about appropriate pain management, including alternatives to opioids for the treatment of pain. In connection with the 2018 REMS, the FDA also approved new product labeling containing information about the health care provider education available through the 2018 REMS. Advertising and Promotion The FDA and other federal regulatory agencies closely regulate the marketing and promotion of drugs through, among other things, guidance and regulations for direct-to-consumer advertising, communications regarding unapproved uses, industry-sponsored scientific and educational activities, and promotional activities involving the internet. A product cannot be commercially promoted before it is approved. After approval, product promotion can include only those claims relating to safety and efficacy that are consistent with the labeling approved by the FDA. Healthcare providers are permitted to prescribe drugs for off-label uses that is, uses not approved by the FDA and therefore not described in the drug s labeling because the FDA does not regulate the practice of medicine. However, FDA regulations impose stringent restrictions on manufacturers communications regarding off-label uses. Failure to comply with applicable FDA requirements and restrictions in this area may subject a company to adverse publicity and enforcement action by the FDA, the U.S. Department of Justice, or the Office of the Inspector General of HHS, as well as state authorities. This could subject a company to a range of penalties that could have a significant commercial impact, including civil and criminal fines and agreements that materially restrict the manner in which a company promotes or distributes drug products. Post-Approval Requirements Once an NDA is approved, a product will be subject to pervasive and continuing regulation by the FDA, including, among other things, requirements relating to drug listing and registration, recordkeeping, periodic reporting, product sampling and distribution, adverse event reporting and advertising, marketing and promotion restrictions. Adverse event reporting and submission of periodic reports is required following FDA approval of an NDA. The FDA also may require, in addition to REMS discussed above, post-market testing, known as Phase 4 testing, and surveillance to monitor the effects of an approved product, or the FDA may place conditions on an approval that could restrict the distribution or use of the product. In addition, quality control, drug manufacture, packaging, and labeling procedures must continue to conform to cGMPs after approval. Drug manufacturers and certain of their subcontractors are required to register their establishments with the FDA and certain state agencies. Registration subjects entities to periodic announced or unannounced inspections by the FDA or these state agencies, during which the agency inspects manufacturing facilities to assess compliance with cGMPs. Regulatory authorities may withdraw product approvals, request product recalls, or take other punitive action if a company fails to comply with regulatory standards, if it encounters problems following initial marketing, or if previously unrecognized problems are subsequently discovered. The FDA may require post-approval studies and clinical trials if the FDA finds that scientific data, including information regarding related drugs, warrant them. The purpose of such studies would be to assess a known serious risk or signals of serious risk related to the drug or to identify an unexpected serious risk when available data indicate the potential for such a risk. The FDA may also require a labeling change if it becomes aware of new safety information that it believes should be included in the labeling of a drug. The FDA recently announced a meeting of the Anesthetic and Analgesic Drug Products Advisory Committee to be held on April 19, 2023. The committee will discuss post-marketing requirements 3033-11, issued to holders of NDAs for extended-release and long-acting opioid analgesics to evaluate long-term efficacy of opioid analgesics and the risk of opioid-induced hyperalgesia. The discussion will focus on a clinical trial designed to address these objectives. We intend to participate in this meeting. The Hatch-Waxman Amendments Orange Book Listing In seeking approval for a drug through an NDA, applicants are required to list with the FDA each patent with claims that cover the applicant s product. Upon approval of a drug, each of the patents listed in the application for the drug is then published in the FDA s Approved Drug Products with Therapeutic Equivalence Evaluations, commonly known as the 
 12 

Table of Contents 
 Orange Book. Drugs listed in the Orange Book can, in turn, be cited by potential generic competitors as referenced listed drugs RLDs in support of approval of an ANDA. An ANDA provides for marketing of a drug product that has the same active pharmaceutical ingredient in the same strengths and dosage form as the RLD and has been shown through bioequivalence testing to be therapeutically equivalent to the RLD. Other than the requirement for bioequivalence testing, ANDA applicants are not required to conduct, or submit results of, preclinical or clinical tests to prove the safety or efficacy of their drug product. Drugs approved in this way are commonly referred to as generic equivalents to the listed drug and can often be substituted by pharmacists under prescriptions written for the original listed drug. The ANDA applicant is required to make certain certifications to the FDA concerning any patents listed for the approved product in the FDA s Orange Book. Specifically, the applicant must certify that: (i) the required patent information has not been filed; (ii) the listed patent has expired; (iii) the listed patent has not expired, but will expire on a particular date and approval is sought after patent expiration; or (iv) the listed patent is invalid or will not be infringed by the new product. The ANDA applicant may also elect to submit a section viii statement certifying that its proposed ANDA label does not contain (or carves out) any language regarding the patented method-of-use rather than make certifications concerning a listed method-of-use patent. If the applicant does not challenge the listed patents, the ANDA application will not be approved until all the listed patents claiming the referenced product have expired. A certification that the new product will not infringe the already approved product s listed patents, or that such patents are invalid, is called a Paragraph IV certification. If the ANDA applicant has provided a Paragraph IV certification to the FDA, the applicant must also send notice of the Paragraph IV certification to the NDA and patent holders once the ANDA has been accepted for filing by the FDA. The NDA and patent holders may then initiate a patent infringement lawsuit in response to the notice of the Paragraph IV certification. The filing of a patent infringement lawsuit within 45 days of the receipt of a Paragraph IV certification automatically prevents the FDA from approving the ANDA until the earlier of 30 months, expiration of the patent, settlement of the lawsuit, or a decision in the infringement case that is favorable to the ANDA applicant. Exclusivity Upon approval of an NDA for a new chemical entity NCE ), which is a drug that contains no active moiety that has been approved by the FDA in any other NDA, that drug receives five years of marketing exclusivity during which time the FDA cannot receive any ANDA seeking approval of a generic version of that drug or any Section 505(b)(2) NDA, discussed in more detail below, that relies on the FDA s findings of safety and effectiveness regarding the NCE drug. A sponsor may obtain a three-year period of exclusivity for a change to an approved drug, such as the addition of a new indication to the labeling or a new formulation, if the supplement includes reports of new clinical trials (other than bioavailability clinical trials) essential to the approval of the supplement. An ANDA may be submitted one year before NCE exclusivity expires if a Paragraph IV certification is filed. If there is no listed patent in the Orange Book, there may not be a Paragraph IV certification, and, thus, no ANDA may be filed before the expiration of the exclusivity period. No ANDA application will receive final approval before any applicable non patent exclusivity listed in the Orange Book for the referenced product has expired. Section 505(b)(2) NDAs A Section 505(b)(2) NDA is a special type of NDA often used by applicants seeking approval for new or improved formulations or new uses of previously approved active moieties. Under Section 505(b)(2) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, in lieu of developing all of the information normally required for approval of an NDA, an applicant may rely, in part, on data developed by another party and for which the applicant has not obtained a right of reference. Most commonly, 505(b)(2) applicants rely on the FDA s findings of safety and effectiveness in a prior approval of a similar product (although they may also rely on information in published literature). A 505(b)(2) application that references a prior approval may seek approval for some or all of the referenced product s labeled indications and/or for a different indication not included in the referenced product s label. To the extent that the Section 505(b)(2) applicant is relying on the FDA s findings of safety and effectiveness for an already approved product, the applicant is required to certify to the FDA concerning any patents listed for the approved product in the Orange Book to the same extent that an ANDA applicant would. Thus, approval of a Section 505(b)(2) NDA can be stalled until all the listed patents claiming the referenced product have expired; until any non-patent exclusivity listed in the Orange Book for the referenced product has expired; and, in the case of a Paragraph IV 
 13 

Table of Contents 
 certification and subsequent patent infringement suit, until the earlier of 30 months, settlement of the lawsuit or a decision in the infringement case that is favorable to the Section 505(b)(2) applicant. In the interim period, the FDA may grant tentative approval. Tentative approval indicates that the FDA has determined that the applicant meets the standards for approval as of the date that the tentative approval is granted. Final regulatory approval can only be granted if the FDA is assured that there is no new information that would affect final regulatory approval. As with traditional NDAs, a Section 505(b)(2) NDA may be eligible for three-year marketing exclusivity, assuming the NDA includes reports of new clinical trials (other than bioavailability clinical trials) essential to the approval of the NDA. For further detail regarding our litigation with Purdue regarding our Section 505(b)(2) NDA for Xtampza ER, refer to Item 3. Legal Proceedings . DEA and Opioid Regulation Several of our products are regulated as controlled substances as defined in the Controlled Substances Act CSA ), which establishes registration, security, recordkeeping, reporting, storage, distribution, importation, exportation, and other requirements administered by the DEA. The DEA regulates controlled substances as Schedule I, II, III, IV or V substances. Schedule I substances have no established medicinal use and may not be marketed or sold in the United States. A pharmaceutical product may be listed as Schedule II, III, IV or V, with Schedule II substances considered to present the highest risk of abuse and Schedule V substances the lowest relative risk of abuse among such substances. Xtampza ER and the Nucynta Products are listed by the DEA as Schedule II controlled substances under the CSA, while Belbuca is listed as a Schedule III controlled substance. Consequently, the manufacturing, shipping, storing, selling and use of these products is subject to a high degree of regulation. Also, distribution and dispensing of these drugs are highly regulated. Schedule II drugs are subject to the strictest requirements for registration, security, recordkeeping, and reporting. Further, all Schedule II drug prescriptions must be signed by a physician, presented to a pharmacist, and may not be refilled without a new prescription. Annual DEA registration is required for any facility that manufactures, distributes, dispenses, imports, or exports any controlled substance. The registration is specific to the particular location, activity, and controlled substance schedule. For example, separate registrations are needed for import and manufacturing, and each registration will specify which schedules of controlled substances are authorized. In addition, a DEA quota system controls and limits the availability and production of controlled substances in Schedule I or II. Annually, the DEA establishes an aggregate quota for how much active opioid ingredients, such as oxycodone and tapentadol, may be produced in total in the United States based on the DEA s estimate of the quantity needed to meet legitimate scientific and medicinal needs. The limited aggregate amount of opioids that the DEA allows to be produced in the United States each year is allocated among individual companies, who must submit applications annually to the DEA for individual production and procurement quotas. Xtampza ER and the Nucynta Products are regulated as Schedule II controlled substances, and thus, are subject to the DEA s production and procurement quota system. Our contract manufacturers must receive an annual quota from the DEA to produce or procure any Schedule I or Schedule II substance, including oxycodone base for use in manufacturing Xtampza ER and tapentadol for use in manufacturing the Nucynta Products. The DEA may adjust aggregate production quotas and individual production and procurement quotas from time to time during the year, although the DEA has substantial discretion in whether or not to make such adjustments. As a result of a projected decrease in need for Schedule II opioids in 2023 and in an attempt to further reduce the risk of diversion, the DEA is lowering the supply of Schedule II opioids, which includes an average decrease in oxycodone and tapentadol, of approximately 6 . Distributions of any Schedule I or II controlled substance must also be accompanied by special order forms, with copies provided to the DEA. The DEA also requires drug manufacturers to design and implement a system that identifies suspicious orders of controlled substances, such as those of unusual size, those that deviate substantially from a normal pattern and those of unusual frequency, prior to completion of the sale. A compliant suspicious order monitoring system includes well-defined due diligence, know your customer efforts and order monitoring. To enforce these requirements, the DEA conducts periodic inspections of registered establishments that handle controlled substances. Failure to maintain compliance with applicable requirements, particularly as manifested in loss or 
 14 

Table of Contents 
 diversion, can result in administrative, civil, or criminal enforcement action that could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. The DEA may seek civil penalties, refuse to renew necessary registrations, or initiate administrative proceedings to revoke those registrations. In certain circumstances, violations could result in criminal proceedings. Individual states also independently regulate controlled substances. We and our contract manufacturers are subject to state regulation on the distribution of these products. Federal laws have been enacted to address the national epidemics of prescription opioid abuse and illicit opioid use. In 2016, the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act CARA ), was enacted to address the national epidemics of prescription opioid abuse and heroin use. CARA expands the availability of naloxone for law enforcement and other first responders, forms an interagency task force to develop best practices for pain management with opioid medications and provides resources to improve state monitoring of opioids. The Substance Use-Disorder Prevention that Promotes Opioid Recovery and Treatment for Patients and Communities Act SUPPORT Act ), which was signed into law in November 2018, includes a number of measures directed towards regulation and improvement of treatment for substance use-disorder and increased coverage by CMS of medically-assisted treatment options. In addition, the SUPPORT Act requires HHS to report to Congress on existing barriers to access to abuse-deterrent opioid formulations by Medicare Part C and D beneficiaries. Healthcare Fraud and Abuse Laws and Compliance Requirements We are subject to federal, state and local laws targeting fraud and abuse in the healthcare industry, violations of which can lead to civil and criminal penalties, including fines, imprisonment and exclusion from participation in federal healthcare programs. These laws are potentially applicable to us as both a manufacturer and a supplier of products and they also apply to hospitals, physicians and other potential purchasers of our products. The applicable federal fraud and abuse laws apply to products or services reimbursed by federal healthcare programs. Some states, however, have applicable fraud and abuse laws that apply more broadly to include products or services reimbursed by private payors. The federal Anti-Kickback Statute (42 U.S.C. 1320a-7b(b)) prohibits knowingly and willfully soliciting, receiving, offering or providing remuneration, directly or indirectly, to induce either the referral of an individual, or the furnishing, recommending, or arranging for a good or service, for which payment may be made under a federal healthcare program such as the Medicare and Medicaid programs. Remuneration is not defined in the federal Anti-Kickback Statute and has been broadly interpreted to include anything of value, including for example, gifts, discounts, coupons, the furnishing of supplies or equipment, credit arrangements, payments of cash, waivers of payments, ownership interests and providing anything at less than its fair market value. Under the federal Anti-Kickback Statute and the applicable criminal healthcare fraud statutes contained within 42 U.S.C. 1320a-7b, a person or entity need not have actual knowledge of this statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation. In addition, the government may assert that a claim including items or services resulting from a violation of 42 U.S.C. 1320a-7b, constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the civil False Claims Act (discussed below) or the civil monetary penalties statute, which imposes fines against any person who is determined to have presented or caused to be presented claims to a federal healthcare program that the person knows or should know is for an item or service that was not provided as claimed or is false or fraudulent. The federal Anti-Kickback Statute and implementing regulations provide for certain exceptions for safe harbors for certain discounting, rebating or personal services arrangements, among other things. However, the lack of uniform court interpretation of the Anti-Kickback Statute makes compliance with the law difficult. Violations of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute can result in significant criminal fines, exclusion from participation in Medicare and Medicaid and follow-on civil litigation, among other things, for both entities and individuals. Other federal healthcare fraud-related laws also provide criminal liability for violations. The Criminal Healthcare Fraud statute, 18 U.S.C. 1347 prohibits knowingly and willfully executing a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program, including private third-party payers. Federal criminal law at 18 U.S.C. 1001, among other sections, prohibits knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up a material fact or making any materially false, fictitious or fraudulent statement in connection with the delivery of or payment for healthcare benefits, items or services. The civil False Claims Act and similar state laws impose liability on any person or entity who, among other things, knowingly presents, or causes to be presented, a false or fraudulent claim for payment by a federal healthcare program. The qui tam provisions of the False Claims Act and similar state laws allow a private individual to bring civil actions on behalf of the federal or state government and to share in any monetary recovery. The Federal Physician Payments 
 15 

Table of Contents 
 Sunshine Act and similar state laws impose reporting requirements for various types of payments to physicians, other licensed healthcare practicioners and teaching hospitals. Failure to comply with required reporting requirements under these laws could subject manufacturers and others to substantial civil monetary penalties. In addition, government entities and private litigants have asserted claims under state consumer protection statutes against pharmaceutical and medical device companies for alleged false or misleading statements in connection with the marketing, promotion and/or sale of pharmaceutical and medical device products, including state investigations and litigation by certain government entities regarding our marketing of opioid products. Third-Party Payor Coverage and Reimbursement The commercial success of our products will depend, in part, upon the availability of coverage and adequate reimbursement from third-party payors at the federal, state and private levels. Third-party payors include governmental programs such as Medicare or Medicaid, private insurance plans and managed care plans. These third-party payors may deny coverage or reimbursement for a product or therapy in whole or in part if they determine that the product or therapy was not medically appropriate or necessary. Also, third-party payors have attempted to control costs by limiting coverage through the use of formularies and other cost-containment mechanisms and the amount of reimbursement for particular procedures or drug treatments. In addition, some third-party payors also require preapproval of coverage for new or innovative devices or drug therapies before they will reimburse healthcare providers who prescribe such therapies. The cost of pharmaceuticals and devices continues to generate substantial governmental and third-party payor interest. We expect that the pharmaceutical industry will continue to experience pricing pressures due to the trend toward managed healthcare, the increasing influence of managed care organizations and additional legislative proposals. As a result, our operations and business could be adversely affected by current and future third-party payor policies as well as healthcare legislative reforms. While we cannot predict whether any proposed cost-containment measures will be adopted or otherwise implemented in the future, these requirements or any announcement or adoption of such proposals could have a material adverse effect on our ability to obtain adequate prices for our products and any other products we may seek to commercialize, and to operate profitably. Healthcare Reform In the United States, there have been a number of legislative and regulatory changes to the healthcare system that could affect our future results of operations. In particular, there have been and continue to be a number of initiatives at the U.S. federal and state levels that seek to reduce healthcare costs. The Medicare Modernization Act imposed new requirements for the distribution and pricing of prescription drugs for Medicare beneficiaries. Under Part D, Medicare beneficiaries may enroll in prescription drug plans offered by private entities which will provide coverage of outpatient prescription drugs. Part D plans include both stand-alone prescription drug benefit plans and prescription drug coverage as a supplement to Medicare Advantage plans. Unlike Medicare Part A and B, Part D coverage is not standardized. Part D prescription drug plan sponsors are not required to pay for all covered Part D drugs, and each drug plan can develop its own drug formulary that identifies which drugs it will cover and at what tier or level. However, Part D prescription drug formularies must include drugs within each therapeutic category and class of covered Part D drugs, though not necessarily all the drugs in each category or class. Any formulary used by a Part D prescription drug plan must be developed and reviewed by a pharmacy and therapeutic committee. Government payment for some of the costs of prescription drugs may increase demand for our products. However, any negotiated prices for our products covered by a Part D prescription drug plan will likely be lower than the prices we might otherwise obtain. Moreover, while the Medicare Modernization Act applies only to drug benefits for Medicare beneficiaries, private payors often follow Medicare coverage policy and payment limitations in setting their own payment rates. Any reduction in payment that results from Medicare Part D may result in a similar reduction in payments from non-governmental payors. 
 16 

Table of Contents 
 In March 2010, the Affordable Care Act was enacted, which significantly changed the way healthcare is financed by both governmental and private insurers. Among the provisions of the Affordable Care Act of importance to the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industry are the following: an annual, nondeductible fee on any entity that manufactures or imports certain branded prescription drugs and biologic agents, apportioned among these entities according to their market share in certain government healthcare programs; an increase in the rebates a manufacturer must pay under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program to 23.1 and 13 of the average manufacturer price for branded and generic drugs, respectively; a Medicare Part D coverage gap discount program, in which manufacturers must agree to offer 50 (later amended to 70 point-of-sale discounts to negotiated prices of applicable brand drugs to eligible beneficiaries during their coverage gap period, as a condition for the manufacturer s outpatient drugs to be covered under Medicare Part D; extension of manufacturers Medicaid rebate liability to covered drugs dispensed to individuals who are enrolled in Medicaid managed care organizations; expansion of eligibility criteria for Medicaid programs by, among other things, allowing states to offer Medicaid coverage to additional individuals and by adding new mandatory eligibility categories for certain individuals with income at or below 133 of the Federal Poverty Level, thereby potentially increasing manufacturers Medicaid rebate liability; expansion of the entities eligible for discounts under the Public Health Service pharmaceutical pricing program; a licensure framework for follow - on biologic products; a Patient - Centered Outcomes Research Institute to oversee, identify priorities in, and conduct comparative clinical effectiveness research, along with funding for such research; a requirement to annually report drug samples that manufacturers and distributors provide to physicians; and establishment of a Center for Medicare Innovation at CMS to test innovative payment and service delivery models to lower Medicare and Medicaid spending, potentially including prescription drug spending. The Affordable Care Act has been subject to challenges in the courts. On June 17, 2021, in an appeal from a lower court decision holding that the individual mandate under the Affordable Care Act is unconsistutional, the Supreme Court ruled that the plaintiffs lacked standing to challenge the law as they had not alleged personal injury traceable to the allegedly unlawful conduct. As a result, the Supreme Court did not rule on the constitutionality of the Affordable Care Act or any of its provisions. In addition, other legislative changes have been proposed and adopted since the Affordable Care Act was enacted. The Budget Control Act of 2011 and subsequent legislation has resulted in reductions to Medicare payments to providers of up to 2 per fiscal year, which will remain in effect through 2030 unless additional action is taken by Congress, although they have been suspended by the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security, or CARES, Act, until March 31, 2022. From April through June 2022, a 1 reduction was in effect. As of July 2, 2022, the 2 cut resumed. The American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012 reduced Medicare payments to several providers and increased the statute of limitations period for the government to recover overpayments to providers from three to five years. These laws may result in additional reductions in Medicare and other healthcare funding, which could have a material adverse effect on our customers and, accordingly, our financial operations. In December 2017, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act TCJA repealed the shared responsibility payment for individuals who fail to maintain minimum essential coverage under section 5000A of the Internal Revenue Code, commonly referred to as the individual mandate, beginning in 2019. The Joint Committee on Taxation estimates that the repeal will result in over 13 million Americans losing their health insurance coverage over the next ten years, and is likely to lead to increases in insurance premiums. It is uncertain how or whether this legislation may affect our customers and, accordingly, our financial operations. In August 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 was signed into law. This legislation contains substantial drug pricing reforms, including the establishment of a drug price negotiation program within the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services that would require manufacturers to charge a negotiated maximum fair price for certain selected drugs or pay an excise tax for noncompliance, the establishment of rebate payment requirements on manufacturers of certain drugs payable under Medicare Parts B and D to penalize price increases that outpace inflation, and requires manufacturers to provide discounts on Part D drugs. The Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 also caps Medicare 
 17 

Table of Contents 
 beneficiaries annual out-of-pocket drug expenses. Substantial penalties can be assessed for noncompliance with the drug pricing provisions in the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022. The Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 could have the effect of reducing the prices we can charge and reimbursement we receive for our products, thereby reducing our profitability, and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. The effect of the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 on our business and the pharmaceutical industry in general is not yet known. Other Regulatory Requirements We are also subject to various laws and regulations regarding laboratory practices, the experimental use of animals, and the use and disposal of hazardous or potentially hazardous substances in connection with our research. In each of these areas, as above, the FDA and other regulatory authorities have broad regulatory and enforcement powers, including, among other things, the ability to levy fines and civil penalties, suspend or delay issuance of approvals, seize or recall products, and withdraw approvals, any one or more of which could have a material adverse effect on us. Our Environmental, Social, and Governance ESG Initiatives Our commitment to serving as a responsible corporate citizen, through the advancement of our mission, expansion of our product portfolio, intentional business decisions and dedication to corporate social responsibility (CSR) activities, is longstanding. We have focused on implementing corporate governance and risk-mitigation best practices, investing in the development of our culture and people, engaging with our broader communities in meaningful ways and introducing operational efficiencies to reduce our environmental impact. As a reflection of this commitment, our annual Corporate Scorecard has included metrics relating to our performance relative to specific ESG initiatives. In February 2023, we published our inaugural ESG report on our corporate website highlighting our ESG accomplishments to date and focus on advancing the oversight, evolution, and reporting of our ESG program. The information contained in our ESG report is not a part of, nor is it incorporated by reference in, this Form 10-K. Collegium Culture, Employee Engagement and Management of Human Capital Resources Our employees are foundational to our current and future success, and we believe that their engagement and commitment are among our most valuable assets. As we seek to build and sustain a challenging, inspiring, and inclusive environment for our employees, we have focused on safety and wellness; talent acquisition and retention; employee engagement, development, and training; diversity and inclusion; and compensation and pay equity. At Collegium, we recognize that we have a responsibility to hold ourselves to the highest standard of business and professional ethics. Our Core Values are the foundational principles of our organization and guide our work, how we interact with each other and our communities and influence the business strategies we employ to fulfill our mission. Our Core Values are: Uphold Integrity, Embrace Differences, Encourage Expression, and Be Accountable. As one reflection of our Core Values, we are dedicated to being a responsible corporate citizen. We and our employees strive to make a positive impact in the communities where we live and work by fostering a culture of philanthropy, service, and mentorship, supporting the wellness of our communities, and working for equitable access to education and educational resources. In addition, we have a charitable matching gift program, which enables employees to make matched charitable donations to any registered 501(c)(3) charity. We have also established a service initiative, which includes financial donations supporting local and national nonprofits with a focus on STEM initiatives and community service. In 2022, we donated over 350,000 and approximately 180 hours of service in support of these charitable initiatives. Employee Health and Safety We believe that the success of our business is fundamentally connected to the well-being of our employees; accordingly, we are committed to their health, safety, and wellness. We provide all employees and their families with access to a variety of innovative, flexible and convenient health and wellness programs. These programs include benefits that provide protection and security so they can have peace of mind concerning events that may require time away from work or that impact their financial well-being; that support their physical and mental health by providing tools and resources to help them improve or maintain their health status and encourage engagement in healthy behaviors; and that offer choice, where possible, so they can customize their benefits to meet their needs and the needs of their families. 
 18 

Table of Contents 
 Employee Engagement None of our employees are represented by a labor organization or under any collective bargaining arrangements. We consider our employee relations to be good. We were named a 2022 National Top Place to Work for the second consecutive year following recognition in the Boston Globe s Top Places to Work Massachusetts in 2021 and the Boston Business Journal s Best Places to Work in 2020. These recognitions are based on anonymous employee surveys, and we believe these recognitions reflect our mission, Core Values and dedication to employees well-being. Talent Acquisition and Retention We seek to identify, recruit, retain, incentivize, and integrate our existing and new employees, advisors and consultants. All full-time employees receive stock-based and cash-based compensation awards through the compensation cycle; stock-based compensation includes restricted stock units for the entire organization. The principal purposes of our equity and cash incentive plans are to attract, retain and reward personnel as they strive to increase stockholder value and contribute to the success of our company by motivating such individuals to perform to the best of their abilities and achieve our objectives. We offer a comprehensive and competitive benefit package to all full-time employees including medical, dental and vision benefits; flexible spending account; life and disability insurance; paid parental and caregiver leave; a 401(k) with a dollar-for-dollar matching contribution on the first 5 contributed by the employee; an employee stock purchase plan; a hybrid workweek that allows most employees to work from home up to two days each week; charitable matching up to 1,000 per employee per calendar year for donations to registered 501(c)(3) charities; tutoring for employees children; a company-wide shut down during the last week of the year; complementary access to the gym in our headquarters and a fully stocked snack and drink room available to employees at our headquarters. In addition, through our Collegium Cares Program, employees can award points to colleagues for demonstrating our Core Values and Leadership Behaviors, which can be exchanged for rewards. In 2022, we had 90 new hires and, as of December 2022, our voluntary turnover rate was 28.3 in the home office and 38.8 in the field. Employee Training and Development We believe that career development begins with good conversations between employees and their managers that ensure regular feedback, and we have implemented tools and annual processes that allow all employees in conjunction with their managers to explore possibilities and drive development action. All employees work with their managers to create annual Individual Development Plans with specific objectives and resource actions. We encourage our employees to develop breadth and depth of experience, build transferable skills, broaden perspectives and hone technical skill sets. While career promotion is driven by business needs and sustained strong performance and capabilities, we have identified and articulated Leadership Behaviors that drive career development within the organization, and our people managers provide feedback to all employees that is tied to demonstration of these skills. Our comprehensive performance review process ensures our employees are on track with their development throughout the year and provides an opportunity for managers to identify talented individuals for our Emerging Leaders Program. This is an annual initiative comprising specialized assessments and training to prepare employees for management and leadership positions throughout the business and reaffirms our commitment to excellence in our industry. Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion We are committed to fostering diversity, equity and inclusion DEI in our workplace. We are unwavering in our commitment to treat our colleagues fairly, and we are open-minded and inclusive in our engagements with one other, our partners, and customers. We believe that when people feel appreciated and included, they are more creative, innovative, and successful, which in turn improves our business and performance and enhances shareholder value. We are committed to employing people whose diverse backgrounds contribute to innovation and allow us to approach the complex issues that face our industry from many different perspectives. Consistent with this commitment, we established our DEI Council comprised of a cross-functional team of employees and executives in June 2020. The DEI Council focuses on shaping and implementing our DEI strategy and routinely reviews our recruitment and hiring practices, with the intention of improving diversity at all levels within our organization. Additionally, we are implementing a multi-year DEI strategic plan that strives to integrate DEI with our 
 19 

Table of Contents 
 overall business goals by focusing on topics such as developing, retaining, and attracting talent; creating and sustaining a work environment where all employees feel valued and engaged; and developing a strong reputation and strategic alliance partnerships with the communities we serve. As of December 2022, we had a total of 207 employees with representation with respect to gender and self-reported race and ethnicity as follows: 

Ethnicity # Asian (Not Hispanic or Latino) 14 6.8 Black or African American (Not Hispanic or Latino) 12 5.8 Hispanic or Latino 5 2.4 Prefer Not to Disclose 4 1.9 Two or More Races (Not Hispanic or Latino) 3 1.4 White (Not Hispanic or Latino) 169 81.7 Gender # Female 102 49.3 Male 105 50.7 As in everything we do, we are committed to continuous improvement in this area. While we are proud of the diversity of backgrounds and identities that our workforce exhibits, we will make the necessary investments of time, resources, and engagement to make sustained improvements in this area. Environmental Impact We recognize that our duty of care extends beyond people to the planet we all share. We are taking action to minimize our environmental impact through several initiatives, such as implementing in-office processes to minimize the use of consumables, investing in clean-in-place manufacturing systems, and exploring options to reduce the impact of our sales fleet, to name a few. Moreover, we continue to review and update our vendor performance management and other operational policies as part of our commitment to environmental sustainability. This practice enables us to minimize resource use and waste generation, optimize the use of raw materials and undertake continuous improvement in environmental performance, with an emphasis on recycling packaging materials and implementing sustainability opportunities in our vendor supply chains. We are developing an action plan to ensure we are actively monitoring our use of resources throughout the value chain. We are working to review and understand the financial implications of our environmental risks, setting baselines and tracking resources with a focus on reducing our impacts, while maintaining transparency about future climate risks and the material impacts on our company. We conduct our operations in compliance with applicable laws, directives, and regulations. Our current material handling policies and management systems include procedures for assessing compliance with applicable laws and regulations and reporting incidents of non-compliance to applicable governmental authorities. Our Executive Officers The following table lists the positions, names and ages of our executive officers as of February 23, 2023: 

Name Age Position(s) Joseph Ciaffoni 51 Director, President and Chief Executive Officer Colleen Tupper 47 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Scott Dreyer 50 Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer Shirley Kuhlmann 39 Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Chief Administrative Officer Thomas Smith 62 Executive Vice President and Chief Medical Officer 
 20 

Table of Contents 
 Joseph Ciaffoni, Director, President and Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Ciaffoni was appointed as our President and Chief Executive Officer of Collegium Pharmaceutical in July 2018. Mr. Ciaffoni joined us in May 2017 as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. Prior to joining us, he served as President, U.S. Branded Pharmaceuticals of Endo International plc. Before that, Mr. Ciaffoni held various positions of increasing responsibility at Biogen, including Senior Vice President, Global Specialty Medicines Group, Senior Vice President, U.S. Commercial and Vice President, U.S. Neurology Field Operations and Marketing. Prior to joining Biogen, he was Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of Shionogi Inc. and President of Shionogi Pharmaceuticals. Mr. Ciaffoni also previously served as Vice President, Sales for Schering-Plough (now Merck) and held several commercial leadership roles at Sanofi-Synthelabo (now Sanofi) and Novartis. Mr. Ciaffoni received a B.A. in Communications and an M.B.A. from Rutgers. Colleen Tupper, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Ms. Tupper joined us in May 2021 as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining us, Ms. Tupper most recently served as Chief Financial Officer, U.S. Business Unit as well as a member of the U.S. Business Unit Executive Leadership Team and the Global Finance Leadership Team at Takeda from January 2019 to April 2021. Prior to that role, Ms. Tupper held several roles of increasing responsibility at Shire Pharmaceuticals (acquired by Takeda in 2019) including Vice President, U.S. Commercial Finance; Vice President, Finance Integration Lead; and Vice President, Head of Finance Global Neuroscience and Ophthalmics. Earlier in her career, Ms. Tupper served in various finance and accounting roles at both Shire Pharmaceuticals and Antigenics (now Agenus). Ms. Tupper received a B.S. in Accounting from Franklin Pierce University. Scott Dreyer, Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer. Mr. Dreyer was appointed as our Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer in July 2018. Mr. Dreyer joined us in January 2018 as Senior Vice President of Sales, Marketing, Commercial Capabilities and Training. He has over 25 years of commercial experience across sales, marketing, commercial operations and strategic planning, all within the biopharma industry. Most recently, Mr. Dreyer was Senior Vice President, Marketing and Commercial Operations for The Medicines Company. Prior to joining The Medicines Company, he was Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer-U.S. at Biogen. Prior to Biogen, Mr. Dreyer held various commercial leadership positions of increasing responsibility at Merck Co, including Vice President-U.S. Hospital and Oncology Sales and Commercial Operations, Vice President-U.S. Primary Care Sales, Executive Director U.S. Regional Marketing Leader Neuroscience, Executive Director Customer Marketing and Solutions, Sr. Director of Strategic Planning and Director of Cardiovascular Marketing. Mr. Dreyer received his B.S. in Biology from Messiah College. Shirley Kuhlmann, Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Chief Administrative Officer . Ms. Kuhlmann joined Collegium Pharmaceutical in March 2018 as Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary and has also served as Chief Administrative Officer since March 2022. Prior to joining Collegium, Ms. Kuhlmann was an attorney in the Health Sciences Group of Pepper Hamilton LLP, a law firm headquartered in Philadelphia, PA. Ms. Kuhlmann began her career at Pepper Hamilton in 2007 as an Associate and was elected a Partner of the firm in 2016. While with Pepper Hamilton, she advised private and public companies on a range of transactional matters, including securities offerings, mergers and acquisitions and other financing transactions. Ms. Kuhlmann received a B.A. in Economics and Political Science from Columbia University and a J.D. from the Emory University School of Law. Thomas Smith, M.D., Executive Vice President and Chief Medical Officer. Dr. Smith has served as our Chief Medical Officer since March 2022 following the acquisition of BDSI. Dr. Smith has more than twenty-five years of experience in a variety of leadership roles at various major pharmaceutical companies, including serving as the Chief Medical Officer for BDSI from July 2018 to March 2022, Charleston Laboratories from January 2017 to July 2018, Ameritox and Mallinckrodt Pharmaceuticals. Prior to these, Dr. Smith served in scientific, medical and clinical leadership roles at Abbott Laboratories, Teva Pharmaceuticals and Kendle International. He is a member of several medical and scientific societies, including the American Medical Association and the American Academy of Family Physicians. Dr. Smith earned his M.D. from the Indiana University School of Medicine and a B.S. from Purdue University. Our Corporate Information We are headquartered in Stoughton, Massachusetts and our common stock trades on the NASDAQ Global Select Market NASDAQ under the trading symbol COLL. Our predecessor was incorporated in Delaware in April 2002 under the name Collegium Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and in October 2003, our predecessor changed its name to Collegium Pharmaceutical, Inc. In July 2014, we reincorporated in 
 21 

Table of Contents 
 the Commonwealth of Virginia pursuant to a merger whereby Collegium Pharmaceutical, Inc., a Delaware corporation, merged with and into Collegium Pharmaceutical, Inc., a Virginia corporation, with the Virginia corporation surviving the merger. Available Information We maintain a website at www.collegiumpharma.com. We make available, free of charge on our website, our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and all amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended Exchange Act ), as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file those reports with, or furnish them to, the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). We also make available, free of charge on our website, the reports filed with the SEC by our officers, directors and 10 shareholders pursuant to Section 16 under the Exchange Act as soon as reasonably practicable after copies of those filings are provided to us by those persons. The SEC also maintains a website, at www.sec.gov, that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding us and other issuers that file electronically. The information contained on, or that can be accessed through, our website is not a part of or incorporated by reference in this Form 10-K. Item 1A. Risk Factors Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. Investors should carefully consider the risks described below, as well as all other information included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including our financial statements, the notes thereto and the section entitled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition, operating results, prospects and ability to accomplish our strategic objectives could be materially harmed. As a result, the trading price of our common stock could decline and investors could lose all or part of their investment. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business operations and the market price of our common stock. Risk Factors Summary Our business is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those risks discussed at length below. These risks include, among others, the following principal risk factors that make an investment in our company speculative or risky. You are encouraged to carefully review our full discussion of the material risk factors relevant to an investment in our business, which follows the brief bulleted list of our principal risk factors set forth below: Our ability to maintain profitability is dependent upon our ability to continue successfully commercializing our products and any products and future product candidates, if approved, that we may develop or acquire in the future; We have substantial outstanding indebtedness, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations; If we cannot continue successfully commercializing our products, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially adversely affected and the price of our common stock may decline; Despite receiving approval by the FDA, additional data may emerge that could change the FDA s position on the product labeling of any of our products, including our abuse-deterrent claims with respect to Xtampza ER, and our ability to market our products successfully may be adversely affected; Xtampza ER, the Nucynta Products, and Belbuca are subject to mandatory REMS programs, which could increase the cost, burden and liability associated with the commercialization of these products; Failure to comply with ongoing governmental regulations for marketing our products, and in particular any failure to promote Xtampza ER s abuse deterrent labeling in compliance with FDA regulations, could delay or inhibit our ability to generate revenues from their sale and could also expose us to claims or other sanctions; Unfavorable outcomes in intellectual property litigation could be costly and potentially limit our ability to commercialize our products; If we are unable to obtain or maintain intellectual property rights for our technologies, products or any future product candidates which we may develop, we may lose valuable assets or be unable to compete effectively in our market; We have been, and may continue to be, forced to litigate to enforce or defend our intellectual property, which could be expensive, time consuming and unsuccessful, and result in the loss of valuable assets; 
 22 

Table of Contents 
 Obtaining and maintaining our patent protection depends on compliance with various procedural, document submissions, fee payment and other requirements imposed by governmental patent agencies, and our patent protection could be reduced or eliminated for non-compliance with these requirements; If we are unable to utilize our own sales and marketing capabilities successfully or enter into strategic alliances with marketing collaborators, we may not continue to be successful in commercializing our products and may be unable to generate sufficient product revenue; If the medical community, patients, and healthcare payors do not accept and use our products, we will not achieve sufficient product revenues and our business will suffer; Our products contain, and our future product candidates may contain, controlled substances, the manufacture, use, sale, importation, exportation and distribution of which are subject to regulation by state and federal law enforcement and other regulatory agencies; Current and future legislation may increase the difficulty and cost for us to continue to commercialize our products and may reduce the prices we are able to obtain for our products; Our products may become subject to unfavorable pricing regulations or third-party coverage and reimbursement policies, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. Such pricing regulations may address the rebates that manufacturers offer to pharmaceutical benefit managers, or the discounts that manufacturers provide others within the pharmaceutical distribution chain; Social issues around the abuse of opioids, including law enforcement concerns over diversion of opioids and regulatory and enforcement efforts to combat abuse, could decrease the potential market for our products and may adversely impact external investor perceptions of our business; If the FDA or other applicable regulatory authorities approve generic products with abuse deterrent claims that compete with our products, our sales could decline; If the third-party manufacturers of our products fail to devote sufficient time and resources to these products, or their performance is substandard, and/or we encounter challenges with our dedicated manufacturing suite at our third-party manufacturer s site for the manufacturing of Xtampza ER, our costs may be higher than expected and could have a material adverse effect on our business; Because we currently rely on a sole supplier or limited numbers of suppliers to manufacture the active pharmaceutical ingredient of our products, any production problems with any of these suppliers could have a material adverse effect on us; We depend on wholesale pharmaceutical distributors for retail distribution of our products; if we lose any of our significant wholesale pharmaceutical distributors or their distribution network is disrupted, our financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected; Our products could be subject to post-marketing requirements, which requirements may, in some cases, not be capable of timely or satisfactory completion without participation in consortia over which we have limited control; We may not realize all of the anticipated benefits from future acquisitions, and we may be unable to successfully integrate future acquisitions; Our business has been, and may continue to be, adversely affected by certain events or circumstances outside our control, including the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and geopolitical turmoil; Litigation or regulatory action regarding opioid medications could negatively affect our business; We face substantial competition from other biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies, which may result in others discovering, developing or commercializing products more successfully than we do; Commercial sales of our products, and clinical trials of any future product candidates we may develop or acquire, may expose us to expensive product liability claims, and we may not be able to maintain product liability insurance on reasonable terms or at all; Our relationships with customers and payors are subject to applicable anti-kickback, fraud and abuse, transparency, and other healthcare laws and regulations, which could expose us to criminal sanctions, civil penalties, exclusion from government healthcare programs, contractual damages, reputational harm, administrative burdens, and diminished profits and future earnings; and The price of our common stock may be volatile and you may lose all or part of your investment. 
 23 

Table of Contents 
 Risks Related to Our Financial Position and Capital Needs Our ability to maintain profitability is dependent upon our ability to continue successfully commercializing our products and any products and future product candidates, if approved, that we may develop or acquire in the future. Our failure to do so successfully could impair our growth strategy and plans and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, and operating results. Our ability to maintain profitability depends upon our ability to realize the full commercial potential of our products and to commercialize successfully any other products and future product candidates, if approved, that we may develop, in-license or acquire in the future. Our ability to generate revenue from our current or future products depends on a number of factors, including our ability to: realize a commercially viable price for our products; manufacture commercial quantities of our products at acceptable cost levels; sustain a commercial organization capable of sales, marketing and distribution for the products we sell; obtain coverage and adequate reimbursement from third parties, including government payors; and comply with existing and changing laws and regulations that apply to the pharmaceutical industry, including opioid manufacturers, and to our products specifically, including FDA post-marketing requirements. If we fail to maintain profitability on a continuing basis, then we may be unable to continue our operations at planned levels and be forced to reduce our operations. Our ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes may be limited. As of December 31, 2022, we had a U.S. federal net operating loss NOL carryforward of approximately 229.8 million and state NOL carryovers of approximately 252.6 million. The U.S. federal and state NOL carryforwards expire at various dates through 2037. Federal NOLs and certain state NOLs incurred in 2018 and onward have an indefinite expiration under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 and applicable state statutes. We also had U.S. federal tax credits of approximately 4.2 million, and state tax credits of approximately 0.8 million. These tax attributes are generally subject to a limited carryover/carryback period and are also subject to the annual limitations that may be imposed under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended IRC 382 ). In 2021, we completed a study to assess the impact of ownership changes, if any, on our ability to use our NOL and tax credit carryovers as defined under IRC 382 (the IRC 382 Study ). As a result of the study, we concluded that there were ownership changes that occurred during the years 2006, 2012 and 2015 that would be subject to IRC 382 limitations. These IRC 382 annual limitations may limit our ability to use pre-ownership change federal NOL carryovers and pre-ownership change federal tax credit carryovers, which may potentially limit our ability to reduce our future federal income tax liability by using these losses. As part of the BDSI acquisition, we acquired an estimated 234.7 million of federal NOL carryovers which are generally subject to a limited carryover/carryback period and are also subject to the annual limitations that may be imposed under IRC 382. We performed an IRC 382 study following the BDSI Acquisition in 2022 and concluded that there were ownership changes that occurred during the years 2006 and 2022 that would be subject to IRC 382 limitations. These IRC 382 annual limitations may limit our ability to use pre-ownership change federal NOL carryovers and pre-ownership change federal tax credit carryovers, which may potentially limit our ability to reduce our future federal income tax liability by using these losses. Refer to Note 17, Income Taxes , to our consolidated financial statements included in Part IV of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more information. We have substantial outstanding indebtedness, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. In March 2022, we entered into a 650.0 million secured term loan (the 2022 Term Loan pursuant to our Amended and Restated Loan Agreement with BioPharma Credit PLC, as collateral agent and lender, and BioPharma Credit Investments V (Master) LP, as lender (as amended from time to time, the 2022 Loan Agreement ), of which 575.0 million in principal was outstanding as of December 31, 2022. In addition, we have 26.4 million in 2.625 Convertible Senior Notes due in 2026 (the 2026 Convertible Notes and 241.5 million in 2.875 Convertible Senior Notes due 2029 (the 2029 Conertible Notes and, together with the 2026 Convertible Notes, the Convertible Notes ). We may 
 24 

Table of Contents 
 also incur additional indebtedness to meet future financing needs. Our existing and future levels of indebtedness could have significant negative consequences for our security holders and our business, results of operations and financial condition by, and among other things: requiring the dedication of a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to service our indebtedness, which will reduce the amount of cash available for operations, working capital, capital expenditures, expansion, acquisitions or general corporate or other purposes; limiting our ability to obtain additional financing; limiting our flexibility to plan for, or react to, changes in our business; exposing us to the risk of increased interest rates as certain of our borrowings, including the 2022 Term Loan, are at variable rates of interest; diluting the interests of our existing shareholders as a result of issuing shares of our common stock upon conversion of the convertible notes; placing us at a possible competitive disadvantage with competitors that are less leveraged than we are or have better access to capital; and increasing our vulnerability to downturns in our business, our industry or the economy in general, including any such downturn related to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. Holders of our Convertible Notes, subject to a limited exception described in the notes, may require us to repurchase their notes following a fundamental change at a cash repurchase price generally equal to the principal amount of the notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any. In addition, upon conversion, we will satisfy part or all of our conversion obligation in cash unless we elect to settle conversions solely in shares of our common stock. We may not have enough available cash or be able to obtain financing at the time we are required to repurchase the notes or pay the cash amounts due upon conversion. Applicable law, regulatory authorities and the agreements governing our other indebtedness may restrict our ability to repurchase the notes or pay the cash amounts due upon conversion, and any failure by us to repurchase notes or to pay the cash amounts due upon the conversion when required would constitute a default under the indenture. Additionally, the indentures governing the Convertible Notes and our 2022 Loan Agreement contain certain covenants and obligations applicable to us, including, without limitation, covenants that limit our ability to incur additional indebtedness or liens, make acquisitions or other investments or dispose of assets outside the ordinary course of business, which could limit our ability to capitalize on business opportunities that may arise or otherwise place us at a competitive disadvantage relative to our competitors. Failure to comply with covenants in the indentures governing the Convertible Notes or in the 2022 Loan Agreement would constitute an event of default under those instruments, notwithstanding our ability to meet our debt service obligations. A default under the indentures or a fundamental change could also result in a default under one or more of the agreements governing our other indebtedness, which may result in that other indebtedness becoming immediately payable in full. In such event, we may not have sufficient funds to satisfy all amounts that would become due. The 2022 Loan Agreement includes various customary remedies for the lenders following an event of default, including the acceleration of repayment of outstanding amounts under the 2022 Loan Agreement and execution upon the collateral securing obligations under the 2022 Loan Agreement. In addition, because our assets are pledged as a security under the 2022 Loan Agreement, if we are not able to cure any default or repay outstanding borrowings, our assets would be subject to the risk of foreclosure by our lenders. Further, amounts outstanding under our 2022 Loan Agreement bear interest at a rate based on LIBOR, subject to a LIBOR floor of 1.20 . LIBOR tends to fluctuate based on general short-term interest rates, rates set by the U.S. Federal Reserve and other central banks, the supply of and demand for credit in the London interbank market and general economic conditions. We have not hedged our interest rate exposure with respect to our floating rate debt. Accordingly, our interest expense for any period will fluctuate based on LIBOR and other variable interest rates, as applicable. To the extent the interest rates applicable to our floating rate debt increase, our interest expense will increase, in which event we may have difficulties making interest payments and funding our other fixed costs, and our available cash flow for general corporate requirements may be adversely affected. The Financial Conduct Authority FCA ), the regulatory supervisor of USD LIBOR s administrator IBA ), has announced the future cessation or loss of representativeness of overnight/Spot Next, 1-month, 3-month, 6-month and 12-month USD LIBOR tenor settings. As a result, most USD tenors of LIBOR will cease on December 31, 2023. Following 
 25 

Table of Contents 
 such date, subject to an earlier opt-in triggered by the collateral agent or us, amounts outstanding under our 2022 Loan Agreement are expected to bear interest at a rate based on the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ), a new index calculated by reference to short-term repurchase agreements backed by U.S. Treasury securities, in place of LIBOR. Currently, it is not possible to predict the effect of any discontinuance, modification or other reforms to LIBOR, or the establishment of alternative reference rates such as SOFR, or any other reference rate, will have on us or our borrowing costs. Risks Related to our Products If we cannot continue successfully commercializing our products, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially adversely affected and the price of our common stock may decline. Our business and future success are substantially dependent on our ability to continue successfully commercializing our products, including Xtampza ER, the Nucynta Products, Belbuca and Symproic. Our ability to continue successfully commercializing our products will depend on many factors, including but not limited to: our ability to manufacture commercial quantities of our products at reasonable cost and with sufficient speed to meet commercial demand; our ability to execute sales and marketing strategies successfully and continually; our success in educating physicians, patients and caregivers about the benefits, administration, use and coverage of our products; with respect to Xtampza ER, the perceived availability and advantages, relative cost, relative safety and relative efficacy of other abuse-deterrent products and treatments with similar indications; our ability to defend successfully any challenges to our intellectual property or suits asserting patent infringement relating to our products; the availability and quality of coverage and adequate reimbursement for our products; a continued acceptable safety profile of our products; and our ability to comply with applicable legal and regulatory requirements, including any additional manufacturing or packaging requirements that may become applicable to certain opioid products. Many of these matters are beyond our control and are subject to other risks described elsewhere in this Risk Factors section. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that we will be able to continue successfully commercializing or to generate sufficient revenue from our products. If we cannot do so, or are significantly delayed in doing so, our business will be materially harmed. Despite receiving approval by the FDA, additional data may emerge that could change the FDA s position on the product labeling of any of our products, including our abuse-deterrent claims with respect to Xtampza ER, and our ability to market our products successfully may be adversely affected. Xtampza ER was approved with label language describing abuse-deterrent properties of the formulation with respect to the nasal and IV routes of abuse, consistent with Guidance for Industry, Abuse-Deterrent Opioids- Evaluation and Labeling. In November 2017, the FDA approved an sNDA for Xtampza ER to include comparative oral pharmacokinetic data from a clinical study evaluating the effect of physical manipulation by crushing Xtampza ER compared with OxyContin and a control (oxycodone hydrochloride immediate-release), results from an oral human abuse potential study and the addition of an oral abuse deterrent claim. The FDA can require changes to the product labeling for any of our products at any time which can impact our ability to generate product sales. In particular, if the FDA determines that our post-marketing data for Xtampza ER does not demonstrate that the abuse-deterrent properties result in reduction of abuse, or demonstrates a shift to routes of abuse that present a greater risk, the FDA may find that product labeling revisions are needed, and potentially require the removal of our abuse-deterrence claims, which would have a material adverse effect on our ability to continue successfully commercializing Xtampza ER. 
 26 

Table of Contents 
 Our opioid products are subject to mandatory REMS programs, which could increase the cost, burden and liability associated with the commercialization of these products. The FDA has imposed a class-wide REMS on all IR, ER and long-acting opioid drug products (known as the Opioid Analgesic REMS). The FDA continually evaluates whether the REMS program is meeting its goal of ensuring that the benefit of these drugs continue to outweigh their risks, and whether the goals or elements of the program should be modified. As opioids, Xtampza ER, the Nucynta Products and Belbuca are subject to the Opioid Analgesic REMS. Any modification of the Opioid Analgesic REMS by the FDA to impose additional or more burdensome requirements could increase the costs associated with marketing these products and/or reduce the willingness of healthcare providers to prescribe these products, which would have a material adverse effect on our ability to continue to successfully commercialize and generate sufficient revenue from these products. Failure to comply with ongoing governmental regulations for marketing our products, and in particular any failure to promote Xtampza ER s abuse deterrent labeling in compliance with FDA regulations, could delay or inhibit our ability to generate revenues from their sale and could also expose us to claims or other sanctions. In addition to scrutiny by the FDA, advertising and promotion of any pharmaceutical product marketed in the United States is heavily scrutinized by, among others, the Department of Justice, the Office of Inspector General for the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, state attorneys general, members of Congress and the public. Violations, including promotion of our products for unapproved or off-label uses, are subject to enforcement letters, inquiries and investigations, and civil and criminal sanctions by government agencies. In particular, Xtampza ER has FDA-approved product labeling that describes its abuse deterrent features, which allows us to promote those features and differentiate Xtampza ER from other opioid products containing the same active pharmaceutical ingredients. Because the FDA closely regulates promotional materials and other promotional activities, even though the FDA-approved product labeling includes a description of the abuse deterrent characteristics of Xtampza ER, the FDA may object to our marketing claims and product advertising campaigns. Engaging in off-label promotion of our products, including Xtampza ER, could subject us to false claims liability under federal and state statutes, and other litigation and/or investigations, and could lead to the issuance of warning letters or untitled letters, suspension or withdrawal of our products from the market, recalls, fines, disgorgement money, operating restrictions, injunctions, and civil or criminal prosecution. Any of these consequences would harm the commercial success of our products, including Xtampza ER. Further, after product approval, subsequent discovery of serious and unanticipated adverse events associated with the product; the emergence of other problems with the product, manufacturer or facility; or our failure to make required regulatory submissions may result in adverse regulatory actions, including withdrawal of the product from the market or the requirement to add or strengthen label warnings about the product. The failure to obtain or maintain requisite governmental approvals or the imposition of additional or stronger warnings could delay or preclude us from further developing, marketing or realizing the full commercial potential of our products. Risks Related to Intellectual Property Unfavorable outcomes in intellectual property litigation could be costly and potentially limit our ability to commercialize our products. Our commercial success depends upon our ability to commercialize products without infringing the intellectual property rights of others. Our current or future products, or any uses of them, may now or in the future infringe third-party patents or other intellectual property rights. We cannot currently determine the ultimate scope and validity of patents which may be granted to third parties in the future or which patents might be asserted to be infringed by the manufacture, use and sale of our products. If we are found to infringe a third party s intellectual property rights, we could be required to obtain a license from such third party to continue developing or commercializing our products and technology. However, we may not be able to obtain any required license on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Even if we are able to obtain a license, it may be non-exclusive, thereby giving our competitors access to the same technologies licensed to us. We could be forced, 
 27 

Table of Contents 
 including by court order, to cease commercializing the infringing technology or product. In addition, in any such proceeding or litigation, we could be found liable for monetary damages, including treble damages and attorneys fees, if we are found to have willfully infringed a patent. A finding of infringement could prevent us from commercializing our products or force us to cease some of our business operations. Any litigation, including any interference or derivation proceedings to determine priority of inventions, oppositions or other post-grant review proceedings to patents in the United States, or litigation against our collaborators may be costly and time consuming and could have a material adverse effect on our operating results, our ability to raise capital needed to commercialize products and our overall financial condition. We expect that litigation may be necessary in some instances to determine the validity and scope of our proprietary rights. Litigation may be necessary in other instances to determine the validity, scope or non-infringement of certain patent rights claimed by third parties to be pertinent to the manufacture, use or sale of our products. Ultimately, the outcome of such litigation, including our pending litigation with Purdue, could compromise the validity and scope of our patents or other proprietary rights or hinder our ability to manufacture and market our products. If we are unable to obtain or maintain intellectual property rights for our technologies, products or any future product candidates which we may develop, we may lose valuable assets or be unable to compete effectively in our market. We depend on our ability to protect our proprietary technology. We rely on patent and trademark laws, unpatented trade secrets and know-how, and confidentiality, licensing and other agreements with employees and third parties, all of which offer only limited protection. Our success depends in large part on our ability to obtain and maintain patent protection in the United States with respect to our proprietary technology and products. The steps we have taken to protect our proprietary rights may not be adequate to preclude misappropriation of our proprietary information or infringement of our intellectual property rights in the United States. The rights already granted under any of our currently issued patents and those that may be granted under future issued patents may not provide us with the proprietary protection or competitive advantages we are seeking. We have been, and may continue to be, forced to litigate to enforce or defend our intellectual property, which could be expensive, time consuming and unsuccessful, and result in the loss of valuable assets. We have been, and may continue to be, forced to litigate to enforce or defend our intellectual property rights against infringement and unauthorized use by competitors, and to protect our trade secrets, including in connection with our pending litigation against generic competitors that have filed Paragraph IV Certifications relating to certain of our products. In so doing, we may place our intellectual property at risk of being invalidated, rendered unenforceable or limited or narrowed in scope. This litigation is expensive and time consuming. Many of our current and potential competitors have the ability to dedicate substantially greater resources to defend their intellectual property rights than we can. Accordingly, despite our efforts, we may not be able to prevent third parties from infringing upon or misappropriating our intellectual property. Litigation could result in substantial costs and diversion of management resources, which could have a material adverse effect on our operating results, our ability to raise capital needed to commercialize products and our overall financial condition. In addition, an adverse result in any litigation proceeding could put one or more of our patents at risk of being invalidated, held unenforceable or interpreted narrowly. If we are unable to protect the confidentiality of our trade secrets, our business and competitive position would be harmed. In addition to seeking patents for some of our technology and products, we rely on trade secrets, including unpatented know-how, technology and other proprietary information, to maintain our competitive position. We seek to protect these trade secrets, in part, by entering into non-disclosure and confidentiality agreements with parties who have access to them, such as our employees, corporate collaborators, outside scientific collaborators, contract manufacturers, consultants, advisors and other third parties. Despite these efforts, any of these parties may breach the agreements and disclose our proprietary information, including our trade secrets, and we may not be able to obtain adequate remedies for such breaches. Enforcing a claim that a party illegally disclosed or misappropriated a trade secret is difficult, expensive and time-consuming, and the outcome is unpredictable. In addition, some courts in the United States may be less willing 
 28 

Table of Contents 
 or unwilling to protect trade secrets. If any of our trade secrets were to be lawfully obtained or independently developed by a competitor, we would have no right to prevent such competitor, or those with whom they communicate, from using that technology or information to compete with us. If any of our trade secrets were to be disclosed or independently developed, our competitive position would be harmed. Obtaining and maintaining our patent protection depends on compliance with various procedural, document submissions, fee payment and other requirements imposed by governmental patent agencies, and our patent protection could be reduced or eliminated for non-compliance with these requirements. The United States Patent and Trademark Office USPTO requires compliance with a number of procedural, documentary, fee payment and other similar provisions during the patent application process. In addition, periodic maintenance fees on issued patents are required to be paid to the USPTO in several stages over the lifetime of the patents. While an inadvertent lapse can in many cases be cured by payment of a late fee or by other means in accordance with the applicable rules, there are situations in which noncompliance can result in abandonment or lapse of the patent or patent application, resulting in partial or complete loss of patent rights in the relevant jurisdiction. Non-compliance events that could result in abandonment or lapse of a patent or patent application include, but are not limited to, failure to respond to official actions within prescribed time limits, non-payment of fees, and failure to properly legalize and submit formal documents. If we fail to maintain the patents and patent applications covering our products, our competitive position would be adversely affected. Risks Related to the Commercialization of Our Products If we are unable to utilize our own sales and marketing capabilities successfully or enter into strategic alliances with marketing collaborators, we may not continue to be successful in commercializing our products and may be unable to generate sufficient product revenue. Our commercial organization continues to evolve and we cannot guarantee that we will continue to be successful in marketing our products. In addition, we compete with other pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies with extensive and well-funded sales and marketing operations to recruit, hire, train and retain sales and marketing personnel. If we are unable to continue to grow and maintain adequate sales, marketing and distribution capabilities, whether independently or with third parties, including with respect to our recent acquisition of Belbuca and Symproic, we may not be able to generate sufficient product revenue and may not remain profitable. Factors that may inhibit our efforts to continue successfully commercializing our products in the United States include: our inability to recruit and retain adequate numbers of effective sales and marketing personnel; the inability of sales personnel to reach adequate numbers of physicians who may prescribe our products; and unforeseen costs and expenses associated with creating and maintaining an independent sales and marketing organization. If we are not successful in retaining sales and marketing personnel or in maintaining our sales and marketing infrastructure or if we do not preserve strategic alliances with marketing collaborators, agreements with contract sales organizations or collaboration arrangements, we will have difficulty in continuing to commercialize our products. Additionally, our sales, marketing and distribution capabilities may continue to be hindered as a result of the COVID-19 outbreak. As the COVID-19 pandemic unfolded, and governmental and societal reactions to it evolved, our business was impacted by several trends, including depressed pain patient office visits compared to pre-COVID periods, which in turn may account for fewer patients beginning therapy with our products, and labor disruptions that impacted pain offices, which in turn impacted our access to, and quality of interactions with, such offices. Notwithstanding the fact that the Department of Health and Human Services is planning for the federal public health emergency for COVID-19 to expire in May 2023, we expect the trends that emerged as a result of the pandemic to persist in the near to medium term. We have, and will continue to, equip our personnel with the tools and resources needed to effectively continue their sales and marketing efforts in a manner that complies with all relevant regulations, whether in person or from a remote setting. We face the risk, however, that limitations on activities within the healthcare sector and on economic activity generally will impede our ability to continue successfully commercializing our products. 
 29 

Table of Contents 
 If the medical community, patients, and healthcare payors do not accept and use our products, we will not achieve sufficient product revenues and our business will suffer. Physicians and others in the medical community, patients, and healthcare payors may not continue to accept and use our products, or accept and use any new products that we may develop or acquire. Acceptance and use of our products will depend on a number of factors including: approved indications, warnings and precautions language that may be less desirable than competitive products; perceptions of physicians and other healthcare community members of the safety and efficacy of our products; perceptions by members of the healthcare community, including physicians, about the relevance and efficacy of our abuse deterrent technology; the availability of competitive products; the pricing and cost-effectiveness of our products relative to competing products; the potential and perceived advantages of our products over alternative treatments; the convenience and ease of administration to patients of our products; actual and perceived availability and quality of coverage and reimbursement for our products from government or other third-party payors; negative publicity related to our products or negative or positive publicity related to our competitors products; the prevalence and severity of adverse side effects; policy initiatives by FDA, HHS, DEA, or other federal or state agencies regarding opioids; our ability to comply with the Opioid Analgesic REMS; and the effectiveness of marketing and distribution efforts by us and any licensees and distributors. If our products fail to have an adequate level of acceptance by the medical community, patients, or healthcare payors, we will not be able to generate sufficient revenue to remain profitable. Since we expect to rely on sales generated by Xtampza ER, the Nucynta Products, Belbuca, and Symproic for substantially all of our revenues for the foreseeable future, the failure of these products to maintain market acceptance would harm our business prospects. Some of our products contain, and our future product candidates may contain, controlled substances, the manufacture, use, sale, importation, exportation and distribution of which are subject to regulation by state and federal law enforcement and other regulatory agencies. Some of our products contain, and our future product candidates may contain, controlled substances that are subject to state and federal laws and regulations regarding their manufacture, use, sale, importation, exportation and distribution. Xtampza ER s active ingredient, oxycodone, and the Nucynta Products active ingredient, tapentadol, are both classified as Schedule II controlled substances under the CSA and regulations of the DEA and the active ingredient in Belbuca, buprenorphine, is classified as a Schedule III controlled substance . A number of states also independently regulate these drugs, including oxycodone, tapentadol and buprenorphine , as controlled substances. We and our suppliers, manufacturers, contractors, customers and distributors are required to obtain and maintain applicable registrations from state and federal law enforcement and regulatory agencies and comply with state and federal laws and regulations regarding the manufacture, use, sale, importation, exportation and distribution of controlled substances. Furthermore, the amount of Schedule II substances that can be obtained for clinical trials and commercial distribution is limited by the CSA and DEA regulations. For more information, see the section in our Annual Report entitled Business Government Regulation DEA and Opioid Regulation. We may not be able to obtain sufficient quantities of these controlled substances in order to meet commercial demand. If commercial demand for Xtampza ER, or any of our other approved products, increases and we cannot meet such demand in a timely fashion because of our limited supply of its active pharmaceutical ingredient (in the case of Xtampza ER, oxycodone) then physicians may perceive such product as unavailable and may be less likely to prescribe it in the future. In addition, controlled substances are also subject to regulations governing manufacturing, labeling, packaging, testing, dispensing, production and procurement quotas (for Schedule I and II substances), recordkeeping, reporting, handling, shipment and disposal. These regulations increase the personnel needs and the expense associated with development and commercialization of our products that include controlled substances. The DEA and some states conduct periodic inspections of registered establishments that handle controlled substances. 
 30 

Table of Contents 
 Failure to obtain and maintain required registrations or to comply with any applicable regulations could delay or preclude us from developing and commercializing our products that contain controlled substances and subject us to enforcement action. The DEA may seek civil penalties, refuse to renew necessary registrations or initiate proceedings to revoke those registrations. In some circumstances, violations could lead to criminal proceedings. Because of their restrictive nature, these regulations could limit commercialization of our products containing controlled substances. Current and future legislation may increase the difficulty and cost for us to continue to commercialize our products and may reduce the prices we are able to obtain for our products. In the United States, there have been a number of legislative and regulatory changes and proposed changes regarding the healthcare system generally, and the manufacturing, distribution, and marketing of opioids in particular, that could prevent or delay marketing approval of future product candidates, restrict or regulate post-approval activities or affect our ability to profitably sell our products for which we obtain marketing approval. For example, several states, including New York, have imposed taxes or fees on the sale of opioids. Other states, and even the federal government, could impose similar taxes or fees, and such laws and proposals can vary in the tax and fee amounts imposed and the means of calculation. Liabilities for taxes or assessments under any such laws could have an adverse impact on our results of operations. California and several other states have enacted legislation related to prescription drug pricing transparency and it is unclear the effect this legislation will have on our business. Laws intended to broaden access to health insurance, reduce or constrain the growth of healthcare spending, enhance remedies against fraud and abuse, add new transparency requirements for health care and health insurance industries, impose new taxes and fees on the health industry and impose additional health policy reforms may continue the downward pressure on pharmaceutical pricing, especially under the Medicare program, and may also increase our regulatory burdens and operating costs. Legislative and regulatory proposals have been made to expand post-approval requirements and restrict sales and promotional activities for pharmaceutical products. We cannot be sure whether additional legislative changes will be enacted, or whether the FDA regulations, guidance or interpretations will be changed, or what the impact of such changes on the marketing of our products may be. In addition, increased scrutiny by the U.S. Congress of the FDA s approval process may subject us to more stringent product labeling and post-marketing testing and other requirements. Our products may become subject to unfavorable pricing regulations or third-party coverage and reimbursement policies, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. Such pricing regulations may address the rebates that manufacturers offer to pharmaceutical benefit managers, or the discounts that manufacturers provide others within the pharmaceutical distribution chain. The regulations that govern marketing approvals, pricing and reimbursement for new drug products can vary widely. Current and future legislation may significantly change the approval requirements in ways that could involve additional costs and cause delays in obtaining approvals. Pricing limitations may hinder our ability to recoup our investment in our products. Our ability to commercialize any product successfully will also depend in part on the extent to which coverage and adequate reimbursement for these products and related treatments will be available from government health administration authorities, private health insurers and other organizations. Government authorities and third-party payors determine which medications they will cover and establish reimbursement levels and tiers of preference based on the perceived value and innovation of a given product. A primary trend in the U.S. healthcare industry and elsewhere is cost containment. Government authorities and other third-party payors have attempted to control costs by limiting coverage and the amount of reimbursement for particular medications and establishing administrative hurdles that incentivize use of generic and/or lower cost products first. Increasingly, third-party payors are requiring that drug companies provide them with discounts and rebates from list prices and are challenging the prices charged for medical products. We have agreed to provide such discounts and rebates to certain third-party payors. We expect increasing pressure to offer larger discounts and rebates. Additionally, a greater number of third-party payors may seek discounts and rebates in order to offer or maintain access for our products. We cannot be sure that high-quality coverage and reimbursement will be available for any product that we commercialize and, if reimbursement is available, what the level of reimbursement will be and whether it will be satisfactory. 
 31 

Table of Contents 
 Reimbursement rates may vary according to the use of the drug and the clinical setting in which it is used, may be based on reimbursement levels already set for lower cost drugs and may be incorporated into existing payments for other services. Net prices for drugs may be reduced by mandatory discounts or rebates required by government healthcare programs or private payors and by any future relaxation of laws that presently restrict imports of drugs from policy and payment limitations in setting their own reimbursement policies. In August 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 was signed into law. This legislation contains substantial drug pricing reforms, including the establishment of a drug price negotiation program within the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services that would require manufacturers to charge a negotiated maximum fair price for certain selected drugs or pay an excise tax for noncompliance, the establishment of rebate payment requirements on manufacturers of certain drugs payable under Medicare Parts B and D to penalize price increases that outpace inflation, and requires manufacturers to provide discounts on Part D drugs. The Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 also caps Medicare beneficiaries annual out-of-pocket drug expenses. Substantial penalties can be assessed for noncompliance with the drug pricing provisions in the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022. The Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 could have the effect of reducing the prices we can charge and reimbursement we receive for our products, thereby reducing our profitability, and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. The effect of the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 on our business and the pharmaceutical industry in general is not yet known. Our inability to expand and maintain coverage and profitable reimbursement rates from both government-funded and private payors for our products could have a material adverse effect on our operating results, our ability to raise capital needed to continue to commercialize our products and our overall financial condition. The Affordable Care Act and any changes in healthcare law may increase the difficulty and cost for us to continue to commercialize our products and affect the prices we may obtain. The United States and many foreign jurisdictions have enacted or proposed legislative and regulatory changes affecting the healthcare system that may affect our ability to profitably sell our products, including implementing cost-containment programs to limit the growth of government-paid healthcare costs, including price controls, restrictions on reimbursement and requirements for substitution of generic products for branded prescription drugs. The Affordable Care Act was intended to broaden access to health insurance, reduce or constrain the growth of healthcare spending, enhance remedies against fraud and abuse, add transparency requirements for the healthcare and health insurance industries, impose new taxes and fees on the health industry and impose additional health policy reforms. There have been significant ongoing judicial, administrative, executive and legislative efforts to modify or eliminate the Affordable Care Act, and the Affordable Care Act has also been subject to challenges in the courts. See the section in our Annual Report entitled Business Government Regulation Healthcare Reform. Further changes to and under the Affordable Care Act remain possible. It is unknown what form any such changes or any law proposed to replace the Affordable Care Act would take, and how or whether it may affect our business in the future. We expect that changes to the Affordable Care Act, the Medicare and Medicaid programs, changes allowing the federal government to directly negotiate drug prices and changes stemming from other healthcare reform measures, especially with regard to healthcare access, financing or other legislation in individual states, could have a material adverse effect on the healthcare industry. Any reduction in reimbursement from Medicare, Medicaid, or other government programs may result in a similar reduction in payments from private payers. The implementation of cost containment measures or other healthcare reforms may prevent us from being able to generate revenue and maintain profitability. Social issues around the abuse of opioids, including law enforcement concerns over diversion of opioids and regulatory and enforcement efforts to combat abuse, could decrease the potential market for our products and may adversely impact external investor perceptions of our business. Law enforcement and regulatory agencies may apply policies and guidelines that seek to limit the availability or use of opioids. Such efforts may inhibit our ability to continue to commercialize our products. Aggressive enforcement and unfavorable publicity regarding, for example, the use or misuse of oxycodone or other opioid drugs; the limitations of abuse-resistant formulations; the ability of people who abuse drugs to discover 
 32 

Table of Contents 
 previously unknown ways to abuse opioid drugs, including Xtampza ER, the Nucynta Products and Belbuca; public inquiries and investigations into prescription drug abuse; litigation; or regulatory activity regarding sales, marketing, distribution or storage of opioid drugs could have a material adverse effect on our reputation. Such negative publicity could reduce the potential size of the market for our products, decrease the revenues we are able to generate from their sale and adversely impact external investor perceptions of our business. Similarly, to the extent opioid abuse becomes less prevalent or less urgent of a public health issue, regulators and third party payers may not be willing to pay a premium for abuse-deterrent formulations of opioid. Federal laws have been enacted to address the national epidemics of prescription opioid abuse and illicit opioid use, including the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act and the Substance Use-Disorder Prevention that Promotes Opioid Recovery and Treatment for Patients and Communities Act. These laws are described in more detail in our Annual Report under the caption Business Government Regulation DEA and Opioid Regulation. If the FDA or other applicable regulatory authorities approve generic products with claims that compete with our products, our sales could decline. Once an NDA, including a Section 505(b)(2) application, is approved, the product covered thereby becomes a listed drug which can, in turn, be cited by potential competitors in support of approval of an ANDA. The Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, FDA regulations and other applicable regulations and policies provide incentives to manufacturers to create modified, non-infringing versions of a drug to facilitate the approval of an ANDA or other application for generic substitutes. These generic equivalents would be significantly less costly than ours to bring to market and companies that produce generic equivalents are generally able to offer their products at lower prices. Thus, after the introduction of a generic competitor, a significant percentage of the sales of any branded product are typically lost to the generic product. Accordingly, competition from generic equivalents to our products would substantially limit our ability to generate revenues and therefore, to obtain a return on the investments we have made in our products. In the past, we have initiated litigation with generic competitors that have filed Paragraph IV Certifications challenging certain of our patents. While we have entered into settlement agreements with certain competitors, we are currently pursuing litigation to defend against Paragraph IV Certifications related to Belbuca. For more information, refer to Note 12, Commitments and Contingencies , to our consolidated financial statements included in Part IV of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We believe that we will continue to be subject to ANDA-related litigation, which can be costly and distracting and has the potential to impact the long-term value of our products. In November 2017, the FDA issued a final guidance to assist industry in the development of generic versions of approved opioids with abuse-deterrent formulations, including recommendations about the types of studies that companies should conduct to demonstrate that the generic drug is no less abuse-deterrent than its brand-name counterpart. In the second half of 2018, the FDA posted three revised product-specific guidances related to generic abuse-deterrent opioid formulations, including one guidance specifically relating to Xtampza ER, which recommend specific in vivo studies and in vitro study considerations for abuse deterrence evaluations. These guidances are part of the FDA s wider focus on assisting developers of generic abuse-deterrent formulations in navigating the regulatory path to market more quickly. Earlier market entry of generic abuse-deterrent formulations could have a material adverse effect on our business. Risks Related to Our Dependence on Third Parties If the third-party manufacturers of our products fail to devote sufficient time and resources to these products, or their performance is substandard, and/or we encounter challenges with our dedicated manufacturing suite at our third-party manufacturer s site for the manufacturing of Xtampza ER, our costs may be higher than expected and could have a material adverse effect on our business. We do not own any manufacturing facilities in drug development and commercial manufacturing. We currently have no plans to build our own clinical or commercial scale manufacturing facility and do not have the resources and expertise to manufacture and test, on a commercial scale, the technical performance of our products. We currently rely, and expect to continue to rely, on a limited number of experienced personnel and contract manufacturers for our products, as well as other vendors to formulate, test, supply, store and distribute our products, and we control only certain aspects of their activities. In 2020, we completed the build-out of a dedicated manufacturing suite for Xtampza ER at a site operated by our contract manufacturing organization, Patheon, part of Thermo Fisher Scientific. This facility requires the maintenance of 
 33 

Table of Contents 
 regulatory approvals and other costs, all of which we absorb. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to continue to leverage the dedicated manufacturing suite in a profitable manner. If the demand for Xtampza ER and any future related products never meets our expectations and forecasts, or if we do not produce the output we plan, we may not be able to realize the return on investment we anticipated, which would have a negative impact on our financial condition and results of operations. We have completed the activities required to transition commercial manufacturing for Nucynta ER from Janssen to Patheon. While we were successful in our regulatory approval and validation activities, we could encounter issues in obtaining commercial supply from Patheon s facility due to technical problems or challenges obtaining adequate and/or timely DEA procurement quota. Although we have identified alternate sources for these services, it would be time-consuming, and require us to incur additional cost, to qualify these sources. Our reliance on a limited number of vendors and, in particular, Patheon as our single manufacturer for Xtampza ER and Nucynta ER, exposes us to the following risks, any of which could impact commercialization of our products, result in higher costs, or deprive us of potential product revenues: Our contract manufacturer, or other third parties we rely on, may encounter difficulties in achieving the volume of production needed to satisfy commercial demand, may experience technical issues that impact quality or compliance with applicable and strictly enforced regulations governing the manufacture of pharmaceutical products, may be affected by natural disasters that interrupt or prevent manufacturing of our products including the COVID-19 pandemic, may experience shortages of qualified personnel to adequately staff production operations, may experience shortages of raw materials and may have difficulties finding replacement parts or equipment; Our contract manufacturer could default on their agreement with us to meet our requirements for commercial supplies of our products and/or we could experience technical problems in the operation of our dedicated manufacturing suite; The use of alternate manufacturers may be difficult because the number of potential manufacturers that have the necessary governmental licenses to produce narcotic products is limited. Additionally, the FDA and the DEA must approve any alternative manufacturer of our products, before we may use the alternative manufacturer to produce commercial supplies; It may be difficult or impossible for us to find a replacement manufacturer on acceptable terms quickly, or at all. Our contract manufacturer and vendors may not perform as agreed or may not remain in the contract manufacturing business for the time required to produce, store and distribute our products successfully; and If our contract manufacturer were to terminate our arrangement or fail to meet our commercial manufacturing demands, we may be forced to delay our development and commercial programs. Failure to obtain the necessary active pharmaceutical ingredients, excipients or components necessary to manufacture our products could adversely affect our ability to continue to commercialize our products, which could in turn adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Likewise, the inability of any of our sole or limited suppliers to provide components that meet our specifications and requirements could adversely impact our ability to manufacture our products. In addition, DEA regulations, through the quota procurement process, limit the amount of DEA-controlled active pharmaceutical ingredient we have available for manufacture. Consequently, we are limited in our ability to maintain an appreciable safety stock of finished drug product. Our reliance on third parties reduces our control over our development and commercialization activities but does not relieve us of our responsibility to ensure compliance with all required legal, regulatory and scientific standards. The FDA and other regulatory authorities require our products to be manufactured according to cGMP. Any failure by our third-party manufacturer to comply with cGMP or failure to scale up manufacturing processes, including any failure to deliver sufficient quantities of products in a timely manner, could lead to a shortage of commercial product. Such failure could also be the basis for the FDA to issue a warning or untitled letter, withdraw approvals for products previously granted to us, or take other regulatory or legal action, including recall or seizure, total or partial suspension of production, suspension of ongoing clinical trials, refusal to approve pending applications or supplemental applications, detention of product, refusal to permit the import or export of products, injunction, imposing civil penalties or pursuing criminal prosecution. 
 34 

Table of Contents 
 Any stock out, or failure to obtain sufficient supplies of any of our products, or the necessary active pharmaceutical ingredients, excipients or components necessary to manufacture each of our products, could adversely affect our ability to commercialize such products, which could in turn adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Because we currently rely on a sole supplier or limited number of suppliers to manufacture the active pharmaceutical ingredient of our products, any production problems with any of these suppliers could have a material adverse effect on us. We currently rely on a sole supplier or limited number of suppliers to manufacture the active pharmaceutical ingredients of our products. For example, we presently depend upon a single supplier for the active pharmaceutical ingredient for the Nucynta Products (tapentadol) and Symproic, and two active pharmaceutical ingredient suppliers for Xtampza ER and Belbuca. We contract with these suppliers for commercial supply to manufacture our products. Further, our suppliers for Xtampza ER and the Nucynta Products active pharmaceutical ingredients also supply our primary competitor in the extended-release oxycodone space, Purdue. Identifying alternate sources of active pharmaceutical ingredients for our products is generally time-consuming and costly. Any changes that our suppliers make to the respective drug substance raw materials, intermediates, or manufacturing processes would introduce technical and regulatory risks to our downstream drug product supply. If our suppliers were to terminate an arrangement for an active pharmaceutical ingredient, or fail to meet our supply needs (including as a result of any disruptions in personnel or the global supply chain), we might incur substantial costs and be forced to delay our development or commercialization programs. Any such delay could have a material adverse effect on our business. Global supply chain disruptions and shortages may limit manufacturing and commercial supply of our products and have a material impact on our business. There are currently global supply chain disruptions and shortages caused by a variety of factors, including the COVID-19 pandemic and geopolitical turmoil, such as the Ukrainian War. While we and our suppliers are still able to receive sufficient inventory of the key materials and components needed, we could experience pressure on our supply chain, including shipping delays, higher prices from suppliers, and reduced availability of materials, including excipients and packaging components. To date, supply chain pressure has not had a material impact on our results of operations. However, if these disruptions and shortages continue, we may in the future experience a material interruption to our supply chain. Such an interruption could have a material adverse impact on our business, including but not limited to, our ability to timely manufacture and distribute our products. Manufacturing issues may arise that could increase product and regulatory approval costs, delay commercialization or limit commercial supply. In our current commercial manufacturing operations, and as we scale up manufacturing of our products and conduct required stability testing, we may encounter product, packaging, equipment and process-related issues that may require refinement or resolution in order to proceed with our planned clinical trials, obtain regulatory approval for commercial marketing and build commercial supplies. In the future, we may identify impurities, which could result in increased scrutiny by regulatory authorities, delays in our clinical programs and regulatory approval, increases in our operating expenses, failure to obtain or maintain approval or limitations in our commercial supply. We depend on wholesale pharmaceutical distributors for retail distribution of our products; if we lose any of our significant wholesale pharmaceutical distributors or their distribution network is disrupted, our financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. A significant percentage of our product shipments are to a limited number of independent wholesale pharmaceutical distributors. Three of our wholesale pharmaceutical distributors represented greater than 90 of our product shipments for the year ended December 31, 2022. Our loss of any of these wholesale pharmaceutical distributors accounts, or a material reduction in their purchases or a significant disruption to transportation infrastructure or other means of distribution of our products, including as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. The significance of each wholesale pharmaceutical distributor account to our business adversely impacts our ability to negotiate favorable commercial terms with each such distributor, and as a result, we may be forced to accept terms that adversely impact our results of operations. 
 35 

Table of Contents 
 In addition, these wholesaler customers comprise a significant part of the distribution network for pharmaceutical products in the United States. This distribution network has undergone, and may continue to undergo, significant consolidation marked by mergers and acquisitions. As a result, a small number of large wholesale distributors control a significant share of the market. Consolidation of drug wholesalers has increased, and may continue to increase, competitive and pricing pressures on pharmaceutical products. We cannot guarantee that we can manage these pricing pressures or that wholesaler purchases will not fluctuate unexpectedly from period to period. In addition, due to unprecedented and significant disruptions in the processing of product returns by wholesale pharmaceutical distributors, as further disclosed in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, we formally denied a significant portion of unprocessed product claims under our return policy. We subsequently received payment for only a portion of the denied claims and vigorously pursued collections of the full amount of these short-pay receivables. Although we were able to formally settle a portion of the unprocessed product claims and receive payment therefor, payment for a significant portion of the unprocessed product claims has not been and is not expected to be received. There can be no assurance that similar disruptions in the wholesaler distribution network will not occur in the future or if they do, that we will be able to successfully manage such disruptions. Our opioid products are subject to post-marketing requirements, which requirements may, in some cases, not be capable of timely or satisfactory completion without participation in consortia over which we have limited control. Our opioid products are subject to a comprehensive regulatory scheme, including post-marketing requirements PMRs to conduct epidemiological studies and clinical trials. We intend to fulfill our PMRs by virtue of our participation in the Opioid PMR Consortium OPC ). Although we retain discretion in how to discharge such PMRs, the scale and scope of the studies required by the FDA make it cost prohibitive to discharge these requirements other than by joining the OPC that was formed to conduct them. We are a member of the OPC and engage in decision-making as a member of that organization, but do not have a majority. If the OPC fails to conduct sufficiently rigorous studies or is unable to achieve the patient enrollment or other requirements established by the FDA, we may be unable to satisfy our PMRs and the FDA may choose to withdraw or otherwise restrict its approval of our opioid products. Such withdrawal or restriction would have an adverse impact on our business and financial condition. We have historically relied on third parties to conduct our non-clinical and clinical trials, and may continue to rely upon third parties for any product candidates we develop or acquire in the future. If these third parties do not successfully carry out their contractual duties or meet expected deadlines, or if they terminate their agreement with us, we may not be able to maintain regulatory approval for our products and our business could suffer a material adverse effect. We have relied upon and plan to continue to rely upon contract research organizations CROs to monitor and manage data for any non-clinical and clinical programs that we may conduct in the future, including the OPC PMR studies discussed above. We rely on these parties for execution of our non-clinical and clinical trials, and control only certain aspects of their activities. Nevertheless, we are responsible for ensuring that each of our studies and clinical trials are conducted in accordance with the applicable protocol, legal, regulatory and scientific standards, and our reliance on the CROs does not relieve us of our regulatory responsibilities. If we or any of our CROs fail to comply with applicable GCP and other regulations, including as a result of any recent changes in such regulations, the clinical data generated in our clinical trials may be deemed unreliable and the FDA or foreign regulatory authorities may require us to perform additional clinical trials before approving our marketing applications. In addition, our clinical trials must be conducted with product produced under cGMP requirements. While we have agreements governing the activities of our CROs, we have limited influence over their actual performance. Failure to comply with applicable regulations in the conduct of the clinical trials for our products would have an adverse impact on our commercial efforts. Risks Related to Our Business and Strategy We may not realize all the anticipated benefits from our future acquisitions, and we may be unable to successfully integrate future acquisitions. Our growth strategy will, in part, rely on acquisitions. We must plan and manage acquisitions effectively to achieve revenue growth and maintain profitability in our evolving market. We may not realize all the anticipated benefits from our future acquisitions, such as increased earnings, cost savings and revenue enhancements, for various reasons, including difficulties integrating operations and personnel, higher than expected acquisition and operating costs or other 
 36 

Table of Contents 
 difficulties, inexperience with operating in new geographic regions, unknown liabilities, inaccurate reserve estimates and fluctuations in market prices. In addition, integrating acquired businesses and properties involves a number of special risks and unforeseen difficulties can arise in integrating operations and systems and in retaining and assimilating employees. These difficulties include, among other things: operating a larger organization; coordinating geographically disparate organizations, systems, and facilities; integrating corporate, technological, and administrative functions; diverting management s attention from regular business concerns; diverting financial resources away from existing operations; increasing our indebtedness; and incurring potential environmental or regulatory liabilities and title problems. Any of these or other similar risks could lead to potential adverse short-term or long-term effects on our operating results. The process of integrating our operations could cause an interruption of, or loss of momentum in, the activities of our business. Members of our management may be required to devote considerable amounts of time to this integration process, which decreases the time they have to manage our business. If our management is not able to effectively manage the integration process, or if any business activities are interrupted as a result of the integration process, our business could suffer. Our business has been, and we may in the future continue to be, adversely affected by certain events or circumstances outside our control, including the COVID-19 pandemic and geopolitical turmoil. Our business has been, and we may in the future continue to be, adversely affected by certain events or circumstances outside our control. For example, the COVID-19 pandemic has, and may continue to have, a substantial impact on the delivery of healthcare services in the United States. As the COVID-19 pandemic unfolded, our business was impacted by several trends, including depressed pain patient office visits compared to pre-COVID periods, which in turn may account for fewer patients beginning therapy with our products, and labor disruptions that impacted pain offices, which in turn impacted our access to, and quality of interactions with, such offices. We believe that the disruptions caused by COVID-19 may continue and, despite the Department of Health and Human Services planning for the federal public health emergency for COVID-19 to expire in May 2023, we expect the trends that emerged as a result of the pandemic to persist in the near to medium term. These circumstances may result in reduced demand for our products and negatively impact our sales and results of operations. In addition, other events or circumstances outside of our control, including macroeconomic conditions such as recession or depression, inflation, and declines in consumer-spending could result in reduced demand for our products. An economic downturn could result in business closures, higher levels of unemployment, or declines in consumer disposable income which could have an impact on the number of patients seeking and receiving treatment for conditions that might otherwise result in the prescription of our products, as patients may make efforts to avoid or postpone seeking non-essential medical care to allocate their resources to other priorities or essential items. These circumstances, in addition to the impact of geopolitical turmoil, social unrest, political instability, terrorism, cyberwarfare or other acts of war, may result in reduced demand for our products and negatively impact our sales, results of operations, and liquidity. Litigation or regulatory action regarding opioid medications could negatively affect our business. Beginning in 2018, lawsuits alleging damages related to opioids have been filed naming us as a defendant along with other manufacturers of prescription opioid medications. These lawsuits, filed in multiple jurisdictions, are brought by various local governments as well as private claimants, against various manufacturers, distributors and retail pharmacies. These lawsuits generally alleged that we had engaged in improper marketing practices related to Xtampza ER and the Nucynta Products. In March 2022, we entered into a Master Settlement Agreement resolving all 27 pending opioid-related lawsuits brought against us by cities, counties, and other subdivisions in the United States. As part of the Master Settlement Agreement, we paid 2.75 million to the plaintiffs and the cases will be dismissed, with prejudice. Certain governmental and regulatory agencies are focused on the abuse of opioid medications, a concern we share, and we have received Civil Investigative Demands or subpoenas from four state attorneys general investigating our sales and 
 37 

Table of Contents 
 marketing of opioids and seeking documents relating to the manufacture, marketing and sale of opioid medications. In December 2021, we entered into an Assurance of Discontinuance with the Massachusetts Attorney General pursuant to which we provided certain assurances and agreed to pay certain of the Massachusetts Attorney General s costs of investigation, in exchange for closure of the investigation and a release of claims pertaining to the subject matter of the investigation. We are cooperating fully in the open investigations. Managing litigation and responding to governmental investigations is costly and may involve a significant diversion of management attention. Such proceedings are unpredictable and may develop over lengthy periods of time. An adverse resolution of any of these lawsuits or investigations may involve injunctive relief or substantial monetary penalties, either or both of which could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, results of operations and cash flows. We face substantial competition from other biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies, which may result in others discovering, developing or commercializing products more successfully than we do. Competition in the pain and opioid market is intense. Our competitors include major multinational pharmaceutical companies, biotechnology companies and universities and other research institutions. Our products compete with oral opioids, transdermal opioids, local anesthetic patches, stimulants and implantable and external infusion pumps that can be used for infusion of opioids and local anesthetics. Products of these types are marketed by Actavis, Endo, Mallinckrodt, Purdue, Teva, and others. Some of these current and potential future competitors may be addressing the same therapeutic areas or indications as we are. Many of our current and potential future competitors have significantly greater research and development capabilities than we do, have substantially more marketing, manufacturing, financial, technical, human and managerial resources than we do, and have more institutional experience than we do. Our competitors have developed or may develop technologies that are, or may be, the basis for competitive products that are safer, more effective or less costly than our products. Moreover, oral medications, transdermal drug delivery systems, such as drug patches, injectable products and implantable drug delivery devices are currently available treatments for chronic pain, are widely accepted in the medical community and have a long history of use. These treatments will compete with our products and the established use of these competitive products may limit the potential for our products to receive widespread acceptance. Commercial sales of our products, and clinical trials of any future product candidates we develop or acquire, may expose us to expensive product liability claims, and we may not be able to maintain product liability insurance on reasonable terms or at all. We currently carry product liability insurance. Product liability claims may be brought against us by patients; clinical trial participants; healthcare providers; or others using, administering or selling our products. If we cannot successfully defend ourselves against claims that our products caused injuries, we could incur substantial liabilities. We may not be able to maintain insurance coverage at a reasonable cost or in an amount adequate to satisfy any liability that may arise. Regardless of merit or eventual outcome, liability claims may cause us to incur significant costs to defend the litigation. Our relationships with customers and payors are subject to applicable anti-kickback, fraud and abuse, transparency, and other healthcare laws and regulations, which could expose us to criminal sanctions, civil penalties, exclusion from government healthcare programs, contractual damages, reputational harm, administrative burdens, and diminished profits and future earnings. Healthcare providers, physicians and payors play a primary role in the recommendation and prescription of our products. Our arrangements with payors and customers may expose us to broadly applicable fraud and abuse and other healthcare laws and regulations that may constrain the business or financial arrangements and relationships through which we market, sell and distribute our products and any product candidates for which we may obtain marketing approval. Even though we do not and will not control referrals of healthcare services or bill Medicare, Medicaid or other third-party payors directly, we may provide reimbursement guidance and support regarding our products to our customers and patients. Federal and state healthcare laws and regulations pertaining to fraud and abuse and patients rights are and will be applicable to our business. If a government authority were to conclude that we provided improper advice to our customers and/or encouraged the submission of false claims for reimbursement, we could face action by government authorities. If our operations are found to be in violation of any of these laws or any other governmental regulations that may apply to us, we may be subject to significant civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, fines, imprisonment, exclusion from participation in government funded healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations. 
 38 

Table of Contents 
 We or the third parties upon whom we depend may be adversely affected by natural disasters and/or health epidemics, and our business continuity and disaster recovery plans may not adequately protect us from a serious disaster. Natural disasters could severely disrupt our operations, and have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. If a natural disaster, power outage, health epidemic (such as the COVID-19 pandemic) or other event occurred that prevented us from using all or a significant portion of our facilities, that damaged critical infrastructure, such as the manufacturing facilities of our third-party contract manufacturers, or that otherwise disrupted operations, it might become difficult or, in certain cases, impossible for us to continue our business, and any disruption could last for a substantial period of time. The disaster recovery and business continuity plans we have in place, and the technology that we may rely upon to implement such plans, may prove inadequate in the event of a serious disaster or similar event. We may incur substantial expenses as a result of the limited nature of our disaster recovery and business continuity plans, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operation. Risks Related to Our Common Stock The price of our common stock may be volatile and you may lose all or part of your investment. The market price of our common stock is highly volatile and may be subject to wide fluctuations in response to numerous factors described in these Risk Factors, some of which are beyond our control. The stock market in general, and pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies in particular, have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations. Broad market and industry factors may negatively affect the market price of our common stock, regardless of our business model, prospects or actual operating performance. The realization of any of these risks, or any of a broad range of other risks discussed in this report, could have a material adverse effect on the market price of our common stock. We are subject to anti-takeover provisions in our second amended and restated articles of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws and under Virginia law that could delay or prevent an acquisition of our company, even if the acquisition would be beneficial to our shareholders. Certain provisions of Virginia law, the state in which we are incorporated, and our second amended and restated articles of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws could hamper a third party s acquisition of us, or discourage a third party from attempting to acquire control of us. These provisions could limit the price that certain investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of our common stock. In addition, these provisions make it more difficult for our shareholders to remove our Board of Directors or management or elect new directors to our Board of Directors. If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to report our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows accurately, which may adversely affect investor confidence in us and, as a result, the value of our common stock. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we maintain effective internal control over financial reporting. We are required, under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, to furnish a report by management on, among other things, the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. If we identify one or more material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, we will be unable to assert that our internal control over financial reporting is effective. We cannot assure you that there will not be material weaknesses or significant deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting in the future. Any failure to maintain internal control over financial reporting could severely inhibit our ability to accurately report our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. Further, we could lose investor confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, the market price of our common stock could decline, and we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by NASDAQ, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. Failure to remedy any material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, or to implement or maintain other effective control systems required of public companies, could also restrict our future access to capital markets. 
 39 

Table of Contents 
 Sales of our common stock in the public market, either by us or by our current shareholders, or the perception that these sales could occur, could cause a decline in the market price of our securities. Moreover, the exercise of options and other issuances of shares of common stock or securities convertible into or exercisable for shares of common stock will dilute your ownership interests and may adversely affect the future market price of our common stock. Sales of our common stock in the public market, either by us or by our current shareholders, or the perception that these sales could occur, could cause a decline in the market price of our securities. All of the shares of our common stock held by our current shareholders may be immediately eligible for resale in the open market either in compliance with an exemption under Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act, or pursuant to an effective resale registration statement that we have previously filed with the SEC. Such sales, along with any other market transactions, could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. As of December 31, 2022, there were outstanding options to purchase an aggregate of 1,683,805 shares of our common stock at a weighted average exercise price of 18.84 per share, of which options to purchase 1,545,610 shares of our common stock were then exercisable. The exercise of options at prices below the market price of our common stock could adversely affect the price of shares of our common stock. Additional dilution may result from the issuance of shares of our common stock in connection with collaborations or manufacturing arrangements or in connection with other financing efforts. There can be no assurance that we will repurchase additional shares of our common stock at all or at favorable prices. In August 2021, our Board of Directors authorized a repurchase program for the repurchase of up to 100 million of shares of our common stock at any time or times through December 31, 2022 (the Prior Repurchase Program ). We repurchased 61.9 million of shares pursuant to the Prior Repurchase Program prior to its expiration on December 31, 2022. On January 1, 2023, our Board of Directors authorized a new share repurchase program for the repurchase of up to 100 million of shares of our common stock at any time or times through December 31, 2023 (the 2023 Repurchase Program ). Under the 2023 Repurchase Program, we will be permitted to effect repurchases through a variety of methods, including open-market purchases (including pursuant to a trading plan adopted in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 of the Exchange Act), privately negotiated transactions, or otherwise in compliance with Rule 10b-18 of the Exchange Act. Although a substantial number of shares were repurchased pursuant to the Prior Repurchase Program, any future share repurchases under the 2023 Repurchase Program will depend upon, among other factors, our cash balances and potential future capital requirements, our results of operations and financial condition, the price of our common stock on the NASDAQ Global Select Market, and other factors that we may deem relevant. We can provide no assurance that we will continue to repurchase shares of our common stock at favorable prices, if at all. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments Not applicable. Item 2. Properties Our corporate headquarters are located in Stoughton, Massachusetts, where we lease 50,678 square feet of office and laboratory space. We use this facility for commercial and general and administrative purposes. The corporate headquarters lease expires in July 2029 and the lease term may be extended for two additional five-year terms at our election. We believe that our existing facilities are adequate for our current and expected future needs. We may seek to negotiate new leases or evaluate additional or alternate space for our operations. We believe that appropriate alternative space is readily available on commercially reasonable terms. Item 3. Legal Proceedings Discussion of legal matters is incorporated by reference from Note 12, Commitments and Contingencies , to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of Part II of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not applicable. 
 40 

Table of Contents 
 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Market Information Our common stock is publicly traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol COLL since May 7, 2015. Prior to May 7, 2015, there was no public trading market for our common stock. Holders As of January 31, 2023, there were 15 holders of record of our common stock. The number of holders of record does not include beneficial owners whose shares are held by nominees in street name. Dividends We have never declared or paid cash dividends on our common stock, and we do not expect to pay any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. Stock Performance Graph The following graph shows a comparison from May 7, 2015, the date on which our common stock first began trading on the NASDAQ Global Select Market, of the total cumulative shareholder return on an assumed investment of 100.00 in cash in our common stock as compared to the same investment in the NASDAQ Composite Index and the NASDAQ Biotechnology Index, all through December 31, 2022. Such returns are based on historical results and are not intended to suggest future performance. Data for the NASDAQ Composite Index and NASDAQ Biotechnology Index assume reinvestment of dividends, however no dividends have been declared on our common stock to date. 

December 31, 100 investment in stock or index May 7, 2015 2022 Collegium Pharmaceutical, Inc. (COLL) 100.00 188.77 NASDAQ Composite Index (IXIC) 100.00 211.63 NASDAQ Biotechnology Index (NBI) 100.00 116.98 
 41 

Table of Contents 
 The performance graph and related information shall not be deemed to be soliciting material or to be filed with the SEC, nor shall such information be incorporated by reference into any future filing under the Securities Act, except to the extent that we specifically incorporate it by reference into such filing. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities There were no unregistered sales of equity securities during the period covered by this Form 10-K. Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers The following table sets forth shares of Common Stock repurchased under our repurchase program authorized by our Board of Directors in August 2021 (the Prior Repurchase Program ), as well as shares transferred to us from employees in satisfaction of minimum tax withholding obligations associated with the vesting of performance share units and restricted stock units during the three months ended December 31, 2022: 

Period Total number of shares purchased Average Price Paid per Share Total number of shares purchased as part of publicly announced plans or programs (1) Maximum approximate dollar value of Shares that may yet be purchased under the plans or programs October 1, 2022 through October 31, 2022 206,525 17.48 205,600 42,122 November 1, 2022 through November 30, 2022 206,668 19.63 206,161 38,076 December 1, 2022 through December 31, 2022 904 21.85 38,076 Total 414,097 (2) 18.56 411,761 (2) 38,076 (1) The Prior Repurchase Program was announced on August 16, 2021. The Prior Repurchase Program provided for the repurchase of up to 100 million of outstanding shares of our common stock at any time or times through December 31, 2022. The Prior Repurchase Program expired December 31, 2022 with approximately 38.1 million available for repurchase at the time of expiration. (2) The difference, if any, between the total number of shares purchased and the total number of shares purchased as part of a publicly announced program relates to common stock withheld by us for employees to satisfy their tax withholding obligations arising upon the vesting of performance share units and restricted stock units granted under our Amended and Restated 2014 Stock Incentive Plan. Item 6. [Reserved] 
 42 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations You should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with our consolidated financial statements and related notes appearing elsewhere in this Form 10 - K. The following discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Our actual results and the timing of certain events could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors. We discuss factors that we believe could cause or contribute to these differences below and elsewhere in this Form 10-K, including those set forth under Forward-looking Statements and Risk Factors, as revised and supplemented by those risks described from time to time in other reports which we file with the SEC. Overview We are building a leading, diversified specialty pharmaceutical company committed to improving the lives of people living with serious medical conditions. We commercialize our pain portfolio, consisting of Xtampza ER, Nucynta ER and Nucynta IR (collectively the Nucynta Products ), Belbuca, and Symproic, in the United States. Xtampza ER, an abuse-deterrent, oral formulation of oxycodone, was approved by the FDA in April 2016 for the management of pain severe enough to require daily, around-the-clock, long-term opioid treatment and for which alternative treatment options are inadequate. We commercially launched Xtampza ER in June 2016. The Nucynta Products are extended-release ER and immediate-release IR formulations of tapentadol. Nucynta ER is indicated for the management of pain severe enough to require daily, around the clock, long-term opioid treatment, including neuropathic pain associated with diabetic peripheral neuropathy in adults, and for which alternate treatment options are inadequate. Nucynta IR is indicated for the management of acute pain severe enough to require an opioid analgesic and for which alternative treatments are inadequate in adults. We began shipping and recognizing product sales on the Nucynta Products in January 2018 and began marketing the Nucynta Products in February 2018. On March 22, 2022, we acquired BioDelivery Sciences International, Inc. BDSI ), a specialty pharmaceutical company working to deliver innovative therapies for individuals living with serious and debilitating chronic conditions, pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of February 14, 2022, by and among us, Bristol Acquisition Company Inc., our wholly owned subsidiary, and BDSI (the BDSI Acquisition ). Upon closing, we acquired the Belbuca, Symproic, and Elyxyb products. We began shipping and recognizing product sales related to Belbuca, Symproic, and Elyxyb in March 2022. Belbuca is a buccal film that contains buprenorphine, a Schedule III opioid, and was approved by the FDA in October 2015 for use in patients with pain severe enough to require daily, around-the-clock, long-term opioid treatment for which alternative options are inadequate. Symproic was approved by the FDA in March 2017 for the treatment of opioid-induced constipation OIC in adult patients with chronic non-cancer pain, including patients with chronic pain related to prior cancer or its treatment who do not require frequent (e.g., weekly) opioid dosage escalation. Elyxyb was approved by the FDA in May 2020 for the acute treatment of migraine with or without aura in adults. We discontinued commercialization of Elyxyb in the fourth quarter of 2022 and transferred that product, together with related assets and liabilities, to a third party in the first quarter of 2023. We believe the addition of Belbuca and Symproic to our portfolio strategically aligns with our mission to build a leading, diversified specialty pharmaceutical company committed to improving the lives of people suffering from serious medical conditions. Outlook We incurred net losses in each year since inception until 2020. In the year ended December 31, 2022, we also incurred a net loss. Substantially all our net losses resulted from costs incurred in connection with selling, general and administrative costs associated with our operations and research and development programs, and we expect to continue to incur significant commercialization expenses related to marketing, manufacturing, distribution, selling and reimbursement activities. The BDSI Acquisition diversified and expanded our business by adding Belbuca and Symproic to our highly differentiated pain portfolio. We expect the addition of these products to continue to strengthen our financial position 
 43 

Table of Contents 
 through increased revenue scale and accelerated cash flow generation. While we incurred significant transaction costs and other acquisition related expenses during the year ended December 31, 2022 to complete the BDSI Acquisition and to integrate BDSI s operations, we do not expect to incur additional acquisition related expenses related to the BDSI Acquisition moving forward. In addition, we expect the step-up basis in inventory to impact our results of operations until all acquired inventory is sold, which we expect to occur within 12 to 18 months following the Acquisition Date. We believe that our cash and cash equivalents at December 31, 2022, together with expected cash inflows from the commercialization of our products, will enable us to fund our operating expenses, debt service and capital expenditure requirements under our current business plan for the foreseeable future. As the COVID-19 pandemic unfolded, and governmental and societal reactions to it evolved, our business was impacted by several trends, including depressed pain patient office visits compared to pre-COVID periods, which in turn may account for fewer patients beginning therapy with our products, and labor disruptions that impacted pain offices, which in turn impacted our access to, and quality of interactions with, such offices. Notwithstanding the fact that the Department of Health and Human Services is planning for the federal public health emergency for COVID-19 to expire in May 2023, we expect the trends that emerged as a result of the pandemic to persist in the near to medium term. Financial Operations Overview Product Revenues Product revenues through the year ended December 31, 2022 were primarily generated from sales of Xtampza ER, the Nucynta Products, Belbuca, and Symproic. In accordance with Accounting Standards Codification Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, ASC 606 product sales are recorded upon delivery of products to customers, net of a provision for estimated chargebacks, rebates, sales incentives and allowances, distribution service fees, and returns. Cost of Product Revenues Cost of product revenues include amortization and impairment expense for the intangible assets acquired in connection with business combinations and asset acquisitions, royalty expenses, the cost of active pharmaceutical ingredient, the cost of producing finished goods that correspond with revenue for the reporting period, as well as certain period costs related to freight, packaging, stability and quality testing. Refer to Note 5, License Agreements , and Note 10, Goodwill and Intangible Assets, for further detail around the intangible assets acquired from the BDSI Acquisition, the Nucynta Intangible Asset and royalty expenses. Research and Development Expenses Research and development expenses have historically consisted of product development expenses incurred in identifying, developing, and testing product candidates including stock-based compensation; costs associated with conducting our clinical and non-clinical activities, including clinical and non-clinical trials that we conduct for post-marketing requirements; and costs for laboratory supplies, depreciation of lab equipment, and other expenses including allocated expenses for rent and maintenance of facilities. These costs have historically been expensed as incurred. As of April 1, 2022, we focused entirely on commercial products rather than research and development and redirected resources from research and development activities. As such, there were no expenses incurred in research and development after the three months ended March 31, 2022. Selling, General and Administrative Expenses Selling, general and administrative expenses consist primarily of salaries and employee-related costs, including stock-based compensation and travel expenses for our employees. Other selling, general and administrative expenses include facility-related costs and professional fees for directors, accounting and legal services, and expenses associated with obtaining and maintaining patents. As we continue to invest in the commercialization of our products, we expect our selling, general and administrative expenses to continue to be substantial for the foreseeable future. 
 44 

Table of Contents 
 Interest Expense Interest expense consists primarily of cash and non-cash interest costs related to our debt, including the term loan issued in March 2022 in connection with the BDSI Acquisition (the 2022 Term Loan ), and the term notes (the 2020 Term Loan and convertible notes (the 2026 Convertible Notes issued in February 2020 in connection with the Nucynta Acquisition. On March 22, 2022 the outstanding balance related to the 2020 Term Loan was fully paid in connection with the closing of the BDSI Acquisition and establishment of the 2022 Term Loan. Historically, interest expense also related to a term loan facility with Silicon Valley Bank SVB in connection with the Nucynta Commercialization Agreement. However, in January 2020, we prepaid the outstanding principal, accrued interest, and required prepayment fees on the SVB term loan and recognized an immaterial loss on extinguishment as a component of interest expense. Interest Income Interest income consists of interest earned on our cash and cash equivalents. Provision for Income Taxes The provision for income taxes reflects expense or tax benefit for federal and state income taxes. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recognized a tax benefit, partially offset by state income tax expense. The provision for 2022 income taxes primarily consisted of state income tax for states for which our state-level NOLs did not fully offset state-level taxable income. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we removed the valuation allowance on the substantial majority of our deferred tax assets, resulting in a tax benefit in 2021 partially offset by state tax expense. Critical Accounting Policies and Significant Judgments and Estimates Our Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations are based on our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America GAAP ). The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities in our consolidated financial statements. Estimates include revenue recognition, including the estimates of product returns, discounts and allowances related to commercial sales of our products, estimates related to the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, including acquired intangible assets and the fair value of inventory acquired, estimates utilized in the ongoing valuation of inventory related to potential unsaleable product, estimates of useful lives with respect to intangible assets, accounting for stock-based compensation, contingencies, intangible assets and deferred tax valuation allowances. We base our estimates and assumptions on historical experience when available and on various factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. We evaluate our estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. We believe that several accounting policies are important to understanding our historical and future performance. We refer to these policies as critical because these specific areas generally require us to make judgments and estimates about matters that are uncertain at the time we make the estimate, and different estimates which also would have been reasonable could have been used, which would have resulted in different financial results. While our significant accounting policies are described in more detail in Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, to our consolidated financial statements appearing elsewhere in this on Form 10-K, we believe the following accounting policies to be most critical to the significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. Revenue Recognition Our accounting policy for revenue recognition will have a substantial impact on reported results and relies on certain estimates. Estimates are based on historical experience, current conditions and various other assumptions that we believe are reasonable, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets, liabilities and equity and the amounts of revenues and expenses. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 
 45 

Table of Contents 
 Product Revenue Our only source of revenue to date has been generated by sales of our products, which are primarily sold to distributors customers ), which in turn sell the product to pharmacies and others for the treatment of patients end users ). Revenue for product sales is recognized when a customer obtains control of promised goods or services, in an amount that reflects the consideration which the entity expects to receive in exchange for those goods or services. This generally occurs upon delivery to our customers when estimated provisions for chargebacks, rebates, sales incentives and allowances, distribution service fees, and returns are reasonably determinable. Therefore, product sales are recorded upon delivery to our customers net of estimated chargebacks, rebates, sales incentives and allowances, distribution service fees, as well as estimated product returns. Sales Deductions Sales deductions consist primarily of provisions for (1) rebates and incentives, including managed care rebates, government rebates, co-pay program incentives, and sales incentives and allowances; (2) product returns, including return estimates for our products; and (3) trade allowances and chargebacks, including fees for distribution service fees, prompt pay discounts, and chargebacks. We estimate the amount of variable consideration that should be included in revenue under the expected value method for all sales deductions other than trade allowances, which are estimated under the most likely amount method. These provisions reflect our best estimates of the amount of revenue to which we are entitled based on the terms of our contracts. Provisions for rebates and incentives are based on the estimated amount of rebates and incentives to be claimed on the related sales from the period. As our rebates and incentives are based on products dispensed to patients, we are required to estimate the expected value of claims at the time of product delivery to distributors. Given that distributors sell the product to pharmacies, which in turn dispense the product to patients, claims can be submitted significantly after the related sales are recognized. Our estimates of these claims are based on the historical experience of existing or similar programs, including current contractual and statutory requirements, specific known market events and trends, industry data, and estimated distribution channel inventory levels. Accruals and related reserves required for rebates and incentives are adjusted as new information becomes available, including actual claims. If actual results vary, we may need to adjust these estimates, which could have an effect on earnings in the period of the adjustment. Provisions for product returns, including returns for Xtampza, the Nucynta Products, Belbuca and Symproic, are based on product-level returns rates, including processed as well as unprocessed return claims, in addition to relevant market events and other factors. Estimates of the future product returns are made at the time of revenue recognition to determine the amount of consideration to which we expect to be entitled (that is, excluding the products expected to be returned). At the end of each reporting period, we analyze trends in returns rates and update our assessment of variable consideration for returns to represent faithfully the circumstances present at the end of the reporting period and the changes in circumstances during the reporting period. To the extent we receive amounts in excess of what we expect to be entitled to receive due to a product return, we do not recognize revenue when we transfer products to customers but instead recognize those excess amounts received as a refund liability. We update the measurement of the refund liability at the end of each reporting period for changes in expectations about the amount of refunds with the corresponding adjustments recognized as revenue (or reductions of revenue). We provide the right of return to our customers for an 18-month window beginning six months prior to expiration and up until twelve months after expiration. Our customers short-pay an existing invoice upon notice of a product return claim. Adjustments to the preliminary short-paid claims are processed when the return claim is validated and finalized. Our return policy requires that product is returned and that the return is claimed within the 18-month window. Refer to Note 3, Revenue from Contracts with Customers , for more information. Provisions for trade allowances and chargebacks are primarily based on customer-level contractual terms. Accruals and related reserves are adjusted as new information becomes available, which generally consists of actual trade allowances and chargebacks processed relating to sales recognized in the period. Business Combination Accounting and Valuation of Acquired Assets We completed the BDSI Acquisition on March 22, 2022, which was accounted for as a business combination. To determine whether the acquisition should be accounted for as a business combination or as an asset acquisition, we made 
 46 

Table of Contents 
 certain judgments regarding whether the acquired set of activities and assets met the definition of a business. Judgment is required in assessing whether the acquired processes or activities, along with their inputs, would be substantive to constitute a business, as defined by U.S. GAAP. The acquisition method of accounting requires that we recognize the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at their acquisition date fair values. Goodwill is measured as the excess of consideration transferred over the acquisition date net fair values of the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed. The determination of the fair value of the acquired assets and liabilities assumed is a critical accounting estimate because the estimation of fair values requires significant management judgement and requires various assumptions based on non-observable inputs that are included in valuation models. An income approach, which generally relies upon projected cash flow models, is used in estimating the fair value of the acquired intangible assets and the fair value of acquired inventory. These cash flow projections are based on management s estimates of economic and market conditions including the estimated future cash flows from revenues of acquired assets, the timing and projection of costs and expenses and the related profit margins, tax rates, and an appropriate discount rate. During the measurement period, which occurs before finalization of the purchase price allocation, changes in assumptions and estimates that result in adjustments to the fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, if based on facts and circumstances existing at the acquisition date, are recorded on a retroactive basis as of the acquisition date, with the corresponding offset to goodwill. Any adjustments not based on facts and circumstances existing at the acquisition date, or if subsequent to the conclusion of the measurement period, will be recorded to our consolidated statements of operations. Intangible Assets We record the fair value of acquired finite-lived intangible assets as of the transaction date. Intangible assets are then amortized over their estimated useful lives using either the straight-line method, or if reliably determinable, based on the pattern in which the economic benefit of the asset is expected to be utilized. We test intangible assets for potential impairment whenever triggering events or circumstances present an indication of impairment. If the sum of expected undiscounted future cash flows of the intangible assets (or asset group) is less than the carrying amount of such assets, the intangible assets would be written down to the estimated fair value, calculated based on the present value of expected future cash flows. As of December 31, 2022, our intangible assets included those acquired in connection with the BDSI Acquisition and the Nucynta Intangible Asset. There have been no triggering events that indicate that the carrying value is not recoverable from undiscounted cash flows other than Elyxyb, which was subject to an impairment event in the fourth quarter of 2022 when commercialization of the product was discontinued. Income Taxes We utilize the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the difference between the financial statement carrying amounts and tax basis of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for years in which the temporary differences are expected to reverse. We provide a valuation allowance when it is more likely than not that deferred tax assets will not be realized. In determining the extent to which a valuation allowance for deferred tax assets is required, we evaluate all available evidence including projections of future taxable income, carryback opportunities, reversal of certain deferred tax liabilities, and other tax planning strategies. As a result of sustained positive earnings history as demonstrated through cumulative earnings, we are using projections of future taxable income as a source of realizing our deferred tax assets. We have maintained a valuation allowance on the portion of our deferred tax assets that are not more likely than not to be realized due to tax limitation or other conditions of 5.3 million as of December 31, 2022. Significant judgment is required in making these assessments to maintain or reverse our valuation allowances, and, to the extent our future expectations change we would have to assess the recoverability of these deferred tax assets at that time. 
 47 

Table of Contents 
 Results of Operations In this section, we discuss the results of our operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. For a discussion of the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020, refer to Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021. Comparison of the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 The following table summarizes the results of our operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (in thousands) Product revenues, net 463,933 276,868 Cost of product revenues Cost of product revenues (excluding intangible asset amortization) 118,190 59,070 Intangible asset amortization and impairment 136,255 67,181 Total cost of products revenues 254,445 126,251 Gross profit 209,488 150,617 Operating expenses Research and development 3,983 9,451 Selling, general and administrative 172,186 118,960 Restructuring 4,578 Total operating expenses 176,169 132,989 Income from operations 33,319 17,628 Interest expense (63,213) (21,014) Interest income 1,047 12 Loss before income taxes (28,847) (3,374) Benefit from income taxes (3,845) (74,891) Net (loss) income (25,002) 71,517 Product revenues, net Product revenues, net were 463.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 2022 ), compared to 276.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 2021 ), representing a 187.0 million increase. The 187.0 million increase is primarily due to increases in revenue for products acquired from BDSI of 140.6 million, including 126.5 million for Belbuca, as well as increases in revenue for Xtampza ER and the Nucynta Products of 35.1 million and 11.3 million, respectively. The increase in revenue for products acquired from BDSI was due to the acquisition of these products in March 2022. The increase in revenue for Xtampza ER of 35.1 million is primarily due to an increase in gross price and lower gross-to-net adjustments primarily related to rebates and provisions for returns, including revisions in the estimate of variable consideration associated with unprocessed returns claims, resulting in a 8.1 million increase in comparative revenue, partially offset by decreased sales volume. The increase in revenue for the Nucynta Products of 11.3 million is primarily due to an increase in gross price and lower provisions for returns, including revisions in the estimate of variable consideration associated with unprocessed returns claims, resulting in a 3.4 million comparative decrease in revenue, partially offset by decreased sales volume and higher rebates. Cost of product revenues Cost of product revenues (excluding intangible asset amortization) was 118.2 million for 2022, compared to 59.1 million for 2021. The 59.1 million increase was primarily related to the step-up basis in inventory acquired from BDSI which resulted in higher cost of product revenues when sold in 2022 of 39.6 million, combined with an increase in 
 48 

Table of Contents 
 royalties and cost of product revenues for additional products acquired from BDSI. This increase was partially offset by lower cost of product revenues associated with the Nucynta Products and Xtampza ER, which was primarily related to a decrease in sales volume. Intangible asset amortization and impairment was 136.3 million for 2022, compared to 67.2 million for 2021. The 69.1 million increase in amortization expense was due to the BDSI Acquisition, in which 435.0 million of consideration was allocated to our acquired intangible assets, Belbuca, Symproic, and Elyxyb. The intangible assets are amortized on a straight-line basis over the respective estimated useful lives. In addition to amortization expense, impairment expense of 4.8 million was recognized in 2022 related to Elyxyb which was impaired in the fourth quarter of 2022 following our decision to discontinue commercialization of this product. Operating Expenses Research and development expenses were 4.0 million for 2022, compared to 9.5 million for 2021. The 5.5 million decrease was due to redirection of resources from research and development activities during 2022 as we shifted our focus to supporting our commercial products rather than research and development. Selling, general and administrative expenses were 172.2 million for 2022, compared to 119.0 million for 2021. The 53.2 million increase was primarily related to: an increase in acquisition related expenses classified as selling, general and administrative of 31.3 million which primarily consisted of financial advisory, banking, legal, and regulatory fees, other consulting fees, employee-related severance expenses, BDSI directors and officers insurance, and miscellaneous other acquisition related expenses incurred; an increase in sales, marketing, and consulting expenses of 10.7 million, primarily due to expenses incurred to support the commercialization of products acquired from BDSI in 2022, including Belbuca and Symproic, as well as for supporting the commercial launch of Elyxyb prior to its discontinuation in the fourth quarter of 2022; an increase in salaries, wages, and benefits of 4.0 million, primarily due to higher expense for corporate bonuses and incentive compensation due to improved company performance in 2022 compared to 2021; an increase in regulatory fees of 2.7 million primarily due to fees incurred for products acquired from BDSI in 2022 following the BDSI Acquisition; an increase in trainings, conferences, and meetings expenses of 1.9 million primarily due to certain annual internal meetings resuming in 2022 for the first time since the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic; an increase in product taxes and fees of 1.7 million due to incurring product taxes and fees for products acquired from BDSI in 2022; and an increase in insurance expense of 1.4 million, primarily due to higher premiums. Restructuring expenses were zero for 2022, compared to 4.6 million for 2021. The decrease in restructuring expenses is due to the reduction of our workforce, primarily our salesforce, in 2021. The arrangement included the payment of a cash severance benefit near the time of separation, together with continued medical benefits and related services. Refer to Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , for more information. Interest expense and Interest income Interest expense was 63.2 million for 2022, compared to 21.0 million for 2021. The 42.2 million increase was primarily due to the 2022 Loan Agreement that we entered into in connection with the BDSI Acquisition, which substantially increased our indebtedness, along with higher interest rates impacting our variable rate term loan debt. Interest income was 1.0 million for 2022, compared to 12,000 for 2021. The 1.0 million increase was primarily due to an increase in interest rates earned on money market funds and a higher overall balance invested in money market funds in 2022 compared to 2021. Taxes Benefit from income taxes was 3.8 million for 2022, compared to 74.9 million in 2021. The 71.1 million decrease in benefit was primarily due to 2021 including a deferred tax benefit of 78.0 million due to the removal of the valuation allowance on the substantial majority of our deferred tax assets. In 2022, we recognized a deferred tax benefit, partially 
 49 

Table of Contents 
 offset by state income tax expense. The provision for income taxes in 2022 primarily consistent of state income tax for states for which our state-level NOLs did not fully offset state-level taxable income. The effective tax rate was 13.3 and 2,220.0 for 2022 and 2021, respectively. Liquidity and Capital Resources Sources of Liquidity We incurred net losses in each year since inception until 2020. In the year ended December 31, 2022, we also incurred a net loss. Historically, we have funded such losses through private placements and/or public offerings of our preferred stock, common stock, and convertible notes, and commercial bank debt. We are primarily dependent on the commercial success of Belbuca, Xtampza, and the Nucynta Products. In March 2022, our debt balance increased significantly as we modified the 2020 Term Loan with Pharmakon to an increased principal balance of 650.0 million to fund a portion of the consideration paid to complete the BDSI Acquisition. We are required to pay 100.0 million in principal payments during the first year of the 2022 Term Loan and the remaining 550.0 million balance is required to be paid in equal quarterly installments over the remaining three years of the term note. As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding principal balance of the 2022 Term Loan was 575.0 million, of which 162.5 million in principal payments are due within the next 12 months. As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding principal balance of the convertible notes was 143.8 million which is not due until 2026. As of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, we had 173.7 million and 186.4 million in cash and cash equivalents, respectively. We believe that our cash and cash equivalents at December 31, 2022, together with expected cash inflows from operations, will enable us to fund our operating expenses, debt service and capital expenditure requirements under our current business plan for the foreseeable future. Borrowing Arrangements and Equity Offerings The following transactions represent the material borrowing arrangements and equity offerings. 2020 Term Loan On February 6, 2020, in connection with the execution of the Nucynta Purchase Agreement, we, together with our subsidiary, Collegium Securities Corporation, entered into a loan agreement (the 2020 Loan Agreement with BioPharma Credit PLC, as collateral agent and lender; and BioPharma Credit Investments V (Master) LP, as lender (collectively Pharmakon ). The 2020 Loan Agreement provides for a 200.0 million secured term loan, the proceeds of which were used to finance a portion of the purchase price paid pursuant to the Nucynta Purchase Agreement. On March 22, 2022 the outstanding balance under the 2020 Loan Agreement was fully paid in connection with the closing of the BDSI Acquisition and establishment of the 2022 Term Loan, as described below. 2022 Term Loan On March 22, 2022, in connection with the closing of the BDSI Acquisition, we entered into an Amended and Restated Loan Agreement by and among us, and Pharmakon (the 2022 Loan Agreement ). The 2022 Loan Agreement provided for the 650.0 million secured 2022 Term Loan, the proceeds of which were used to repay our existing term notes and fund a portion of the consideration to be paid to complete the BDSI Acquisition. The 2022 Loan Agreement was accounted for as a debt modification and transaction fees of 173,000 were expensed. In connection with the 2022 Loan Agreement, we paid loan commitment and other fees to the lender of 19.8 million, which together with preexisting debt issuance costs and note discounts of 2.0 million will be amortized over the term of the loan using the effective interest rate. The 2022 Term Loan will mature on the 48-month anniversary of the closing of the BDSI Acquisition and is guaranteed by our material domestic subsidiaries. The 2022 Term Loan is also secured by substantially all of our assets and those of our material domestic subsidiaries. The 2022 Term Loan bears interest at a rate based upon the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR (subject to a LIBOR floor of 1.20 ), plus a margin of 7.5 per annum. As of December 31, 2022, the interest rate was 11.2 . We are required to repay the 2022 Term Loan by paying 100.0 million in principal payments during the first year and the remaining 550.0 million balance will amortize in equal quarterly installments 
 50 

Table of Contents 
 over the remaining three years. The outstanding principal balance for the 2022 Term Loan as of December 31, 2022 is 575.0 million, including 162.5 million of obligations due in the first twelve months after period end. The 2022 Loan Agreement permits voluntary prepayment at any time, subject to a prepayment premium. The prepayment premium is equal to 2.00 of the principal amount being prepaid prior to the second-year anniversary of the closing date, or 1.00 of the principal amount being prepaid on or after the second-year anniversary of the closing date. The 2022 Loan Agreement also includes a make-whole premium in the event of a voluntary prepayment, a prepayment due to a change in control or acceleration following an Event of Default (as defined in the 2022 Loan Agreement) on or prior to the second-year anniversary of the closing date, in each case in an amount equal to foregone interest from the date of prepayment through the second-year anniversary of the closing date. A change of control also triggers a mandatory prepayment of the 2022 Term Loan. The 2022 Loan Agreement contains certain covenants and obligations of the parties, including, without limitation, covenants that limit our ability to incur additional indebtedness or liens, make acquisitions or other investments or dispose of assets outside the ordinary course of business. Failure to comply with these covenants would constitute an event of default under the 2022 Loan Agreement, notwithstanding our ability to meet our debt service obligations. The 2022 Loan Agreement also includes various customary remedies for the lenders following an event of default, including the acceleration of repayment of outstanding amounts under the 2022 Loan Agreement and execution upon the collateral securing obligations under the 2022 Loan Agreement. As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with all of our covenants. 2026 Convertible Notes On February 13, 2020, in connection with the execution of the Nucynta Purchase Agreement, we issued 2.625 convertible senior notes due 2026, in the aggregate principal amount of 143.8 million, in a public offering registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The proceeds were used to finance a portion of the purchase price paid pursuant to the Nucynta Purchase Agreement. The 2026 Convertible Notes are senior, unsecured obligations and will accrue interest at a rate of 2.625 per annum, payable semi-annually in arrears on February 15 and August 15 of each year. The notes will mature on February 15, 2026, unless earlier repurchased, redeemed or converted. Before August 15, 2025, noteholders will have the right to convert their notes only upon the occurrence of certain events. From and after August 15, 2025, noteholders may convert their notes at any time at their election until the close of business on the scheduled trading day immediately before the maturity date. We will settle conversions by paying or delivering, as applicable, cash, shares of our common stock or a combination of cash and shares of our common stock, at our election. The initial conversion rate is 34.2618 shares of common stock per 1,000 principal amount of notes, which represents an initial conversion price of approximately 29.19 per share of common stock. The conversion rate and conversion price will be subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of certain events. The outstanding principal balance for the 2026 Convertible Notes as of December 31, 2022 is 143.8 million. There are no principal repayment obligations due in the first twelve months after period end. 2029 Convertible Notes On February 13, 2023, we issued 2.875 convertible senior notes due in 2029 in the aggregate principal amount of 241.5 million (the 2029 Convertible Notes ). Contemporaneously with the pricing of the notes in the offering, we entered into separate privately negotiated transactions with certain holders of the 2026 Convertible Notes to repurchase 117.4 million aggregate principal amount of the 2026 Convertible Notes for an aggregate of approximately 140.1 million of cash, which includes accrued and unpaid interest on the 2026 Convertible Notes to be repurchased. Refer to Note 20, Subsequent Events, for more information. 
 51 

Table of Contents 
 Cash flows In this section, we discuss cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. For a discussion of the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020, refer to Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Net cash provided by operating activities 124,230 103,557 Net cash used in investing activities (573,691) (1,944) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 436,723 (89,303) Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash (12,738) 12,310 Operating activities. Cash provided by operating activities was 124.2 million in 2022, compared to 103.6 million in 2021. The 20.6 million increase in cash provided by operating activities was primarily due to the impact of higher non-cash items included in net loss, including higher intangible asset amortization as a result of the BDSI Acquisition, and the effect of deferred taxes. This increase was partially offset by lower net income, primarily due to acquisition related expenses, as well as changes in working capital. The change in working capital is primarily due to the effect of working capital balances acquired from BDSI, inclusive of the step-up basis in inventory acquired, as well as accrued rebates, returns, and discounts. Investing activities. Cash used in investing activities was 573.7 million in 2022, compared to 1.9 million in 2021. The 571.8 million increase in cash used in investing activities was primarily due to the use of 572.1 million for the BDSI Acquisition, net of cash acquired, which closed in 2022. Financing activities. Cash provided by financing activities was 436.7 million in 2022, compared to cash used in financing activities of 89.3 million in 2021. The 526.0 million increase was primarily due to the repayment of the outstanding balance of the 2020 Term Loan in connection with the BDSI Acquisition and establishment of the 2022 Term Loan, which was accounted for as a debt modification, resulting in 517.7 million in proceeds from the term note modification, partially offset by 75.0 million in repayments of the 2022 Term Loan, combined with 50.0 million in repayments of the 2020 Term Loan in 2021. The remainder of the increase in financing activities was primarily due to 33.8 million less in repurchases of common stock in 2022. Funding requirements We believe that our cash and cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022, together with expected cash inflows from operations, will enable us to fund our operating expenses, debt service and capital expenditure requirements under our current business plan for the foreseeable future. However, we are subject to all the risks common to the commercialization and development of new pharmaceutical products, and we may encounter unforeseen expenses, difficulties, complications, delays and other unknown factors that may adversely affect our business. Certain economic or strategic considerations may cause us to seek additional cash through private or public debt or equity offerings. Such funds may not be available when needed, or, we may not be able to obtain funding on favorable terms, or at all. If we are unable to raise additional capital in sufficient amounts or on terms acceptable to us, we may have to significantly delay, scale back or discontinue the development or commercialization of one or more of our products. If we raise additional funds through the issuance of additional debt or equity securities, it could result in dilution to our existing shareholders, increased fixed payment obligations and the existence of securities with rights that may be senior to those of our common stock. If we incur indebtedness, we could become subject to covenants that would restrict our operations and potentially impair our competitiveness, such as limitations on our ability to incur additional debt, limitations on our ability to acquire, sell or license intellectual property rights and other operating restrictions that could adversely impact our ability to conduct our business. Any of these events could significantly harm our business, financial condition and prospects. Our forecast that our financial resources will be adequate to support our operations is a forward-looking statement and involves risks and uncertainties, and actual results could vary as a result of a number of factors. We have based this estimate on assumptions that may prove to be wrong, and we could utilize our available capital resources sooner than we 
 52 

Table of Contents 
 currently expect. The amount and timing of future funding requirements, both near- and long-term, will depend on many factors, including: the generation of reasonable levels of revenue from products sales; the cost of growing and maintaining sales, marketing and distribution capabilities for our products; the cost of patent infringement litigation, which may be expensive to defend; the cost of litigation related to opioid marketing and distribution practices; the timing and costs associated with manufacturing our products, for commercial sale and clinical trials; and the effect of competing technological and market developments . If we cannot capitalize on our business opportunities because we lack sufficient capital, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. Contractual Obligations Our contractual obligations as of December 31, 2022 that will affect our future liquidity include our term loan, including interest, convertible senior notes, including interest, operating lease obligations, and purchase obligations. For further detail regarding our term notes and convertible senior notes, refer to Note 13, Debt. For further detail regarding our operating lease obligations, refer to Note 14, Leases . Our purchase obligations represent the minimum purchase obligations of up to 3.0 million per year with our contract manufacturer which are in effect as of December 31, 2022 and will remain in effect each year until the termination of our manufacturing agreement. We also have employment agreements with executive officers that would require us to make severance payments to them if we terminate their employment without cause or the executives resign for good cause. These payments are contingent upon the occurrence of various future events, and the amounts payable under these provisions depend upon the level of compensation at the time of termination of employment, and therefore, are not calculable at this time. Non-GAAP Financial Measures To supplement our financial results presented on a GAAP basis, we have included information about certain non-GAAP financial measures. We use these non-GAAP financial measures to understand, manage and evaluate our business as we believe they provide additional information on the performance of our business. We believe that the presentation of these non-GAAP financial measures, taken in conjunction with our results under GAAP, provide analysts, investors, lenders and other third parties insight into our view and assessment of our ongoing operating performance. In addition, we believe that the presentation of these non-GAAP financial measures, when viewed with our results under GAAP and the accompanying reconciliations, provide supplementary information that may be useful to analysts, investors, lenders, and other third parties in assessing our performance and results from period to period. We report these non-GAAP financial measures to portray the results of our operations prior to considering certain income statement elements. These non-GAAP financial measures should be considered in addition to, and not as a substitute for, or superior to, net income or other financial measures calculated in accordance with GAAP. In our quarterly and annual reports, earnings press releases and conference calls, we may discuss the following financial measures that are not calculated in accordance with GAAP, to supplement our consolidated financial statements presented on a GAAP basis. Adjusted EBITDA Adjusted EBITDA is a non-GAAP financial measure that represents GAAP net income (loss) adjusted to exclude interest expense, interest income, the benefit from or provision for income taxes, depreciation, amortization, stock-based compensation, and other adjustments to reflect changes that occur in our business but do not represent ongoing operations. Adjusted EBITDA, as used by us, may be calculated differently from, and therefore may not be comparable to, similarly titled measures used by other companies. 
 53 

Table of Contents 
 There are several limitations related to the use of adjusted EBITDA rather than net income (loss), which is the nearest GAAP equivalent, such as: adjusted EBITDA excludes depreciation and amortization, and, although these are non-cash expenses, the assets being depreciated or amortized may have to be replaced in the future, the cash requirements for which are not reflected in adjusted EBITDA; we exclude stock-based compensation expense from adjusted EBITDA although (a) it has been, and will continue to be for the foreseeable future, a significant recurring expense for our business and an important part of our compensation strategy and (b) if we did not pay out a portion of our compensation in the form of stock-based compensation, the cash salary expense included in operating expenses would be higher, which would affect our cash position; adjusted EBITDA does not reflect changes in, or cash requirements for, working capital needs; adjusted EBITDA does not reflect the benefit from or provision for income taxes or the cash requirements to pay taxes; adjusted EBITDA does not reflect historical cash expenditures or future requirements for capital expenditures or contractual commitments; we exclude impairment expenses from adjusted EBITDA and, although these are non-cash expenses, the asset being impaired may have to be replaced in the future, the cash requirements for which are not reflected in adjusted EBITDA; we exclude restructuring expenses from adjusted EBITDA. Restructuring expenses primarily include employee severance and contract termination costs that are not related to acquisitions. The amount and/or frequency of these restructuring expenses are not part of our underlying business; we exclude litigation settlements from adjusted EBITDA, as well as any applicable income items or credit adjustments due to subsequent changes in estimates. This does not include our legal fees to defend claims, which are expensed as incurred; we exclude acquisition related expenses as the amount and/or frequency of these expenses are not part of our underlying business. Acquisition related expenses include transaction costs, which primarily consisted of financial advisory, banking, legal, and regulatory fees, and other consulting fees, incurred to complete the acquisition, employee-related expenses (severance cost and benefits) for terminated employees after the acquisition, and miscellaneous other acquisition related expenses incurred; and we exclude recognition of the step-up basis in inventory from acquisitions (i.e., the adjustment to record inventory from historic cost to fair value at acquisition) as the adjustment does not reflect the ongoing expense associated with sale of our products as part of our underlying business. Adjusted EBITDA for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was as follows: 

Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 GAAP net (loss) income (25,002) 71,517 Adjustments: Interest expense 63,213 21,014 Interest income (1,047) (12) Benefit from income taxes (3,845) (74,891) Depreciation 2,684 1,736 Amortization 131,469 67,181 Impairment expense 4,786 Stock-based compensation expense 22,874 24,255 Restructuring 4,578 Litigation settlements 2,935 Acquisition related expenses 31,297 Recognition of step-up basis in inventory 39,584 Total adjustments 291,015 46,796 Adjusted EBITDA 266,013 118,313 
 54 

Table of Contents 
 Adjusted EBITDA was 266.0 million for 2022 compared to 118.3 million for 2021. The 147.7 million increase was primarily due to higher revenue and gross profit before excluded costs, partially offset by higher adjusted operating expenses, as discussed below. The following is a summary of 2022 quarterly Adjusted EBITDA: 

First Quarter Second Quarter Third Quarter Fourth Quarter GAAP net (loss) income (13,069) (5,191) 457 (7,199) Adjustments: Interest expense 5,831 17,761 19,046 20,575 Interest income (4) (5) (11) (1,027) (Benefit from) provision for income taxes (2,773) (1,455) 975 (592) Depreciation 715 656 488 825 Amortization 18,923 37,501 37,552 37,493 Impairment expense 4,786 Stock-based compensation expense 6,135 5,692 5,377 5,670 Acquisition related expenses 27,167 3,579 463 88 Recognition of step-up basis in inventory 603 12,638 10,519 15,824 Total adjustments 56,597 76,367 74,409 83,642 Adjusted EBITDA 43,528 71,176 74,866 76,443 Adjusted Operating Expenses Adjusted operating expenses is a non-GAAP financial measure that represents GAAP operating expenses adjusted to exclude stock-based compensation expense, and other adjustments to reflect changes that occur in our business but do not represent ongoing operations. Adjusted operating expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows: 

Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 GAAP operating expenses 176,169 132,989 Adjustments: Stock-based compensation 22,874 24,255 Restructuring 4,578 Litigation settlements 2,935 Acquisition related expenses 31,297 Total adjustments 54,171 31,768 Adjusted operating expenses 121,998 101,221 Adjusted operating expenses were 122.0 million for 2022 compared to 101.2 million for 2021. The 20.8 million increase was primarily driven by higher selling, general and administrative expenses, excluding stock-based compensation and acquisition related expenses, including: an increase in sales, marketing, and consulting expenses of 10.7 million, primarily due to expenses incurred to support the commercialization of products acquired from BDSI in 2022, including Belbuca and Symproic, as well as for supporting the commercial launch of Elyxyb prior to its discontinuation in the fourth quarter of 2022; an increase in salaries, wages, and benefits (excluding stock-based compensation) of 3.5 million, primarily due to higher expense for corporate bonuses and incentive compensation due to improved company performance in 2022 compared to 2021; an increase in regulatory fees of 2.7 million primarily due to fees incurred for products acquired from BDSI in 2022 following the BDSI Acquisition; an increase in trainings, conferences, and meetings expenses of 1.9 million primarily due to certain annual internal meetings resuming in 2022 for the first time since the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic; 
 55 

Table of Contents 
 an increase in product taxes and fees of 1.7 million due to incurring product taxes and fees for products acquired from BDSI in 2022; and an increase in insurance expense of 1.4 million, primarily due to higher premiums. The following is a summary of 2022 quarterly adjusted operating expenses: 

First Quarter Second Quarter Third Quarter Fourth Quarter GAAP operating expenses 58,511 41,254 38,372 38,032 Adjustments: Stock-based compensation 6,135 5,692 5,377 5,670 Acquisition related expenses 27,167 3,579 463 88 Total adjustments 33,302 9,271 5,840 5,758 Adjusted operating expenses 25,209 31,983 32,532 32,274 Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted Earnings Per Share Adjusted net income is a non-GAAP financial measure that represents GAAP net income adjusted to exclude significant income and expense items that are non-cash or not indicative of ongoing operations, including consideration of the tax effect of the adjustments. Adjusted earnings per share is a non-GAAP financial measure that represents adjusted net income per share. Adjusted weighted-average shares - diluted is calculated in accordance with the treasury stock, if-converted, or contingently issuable accounting methods, depending on the nature of the security. Adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows: 

Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 GAAP net (loss) income (25,002) 71,517 Adjustments: Non-cash interest expense 8,285 3,406 Amortization 131,469 67,181 Impairment expense 4,786 Stock-based compensation expense 22,874 24,255 Restructuring 4,578 Litigation settlements 2,935 Acquisition related expenses 31,297 Recognition of step-up basis in inventory 39,584 Discrete deferred tax benefit from valuation allowance release (62,649) Income tax effect of above adjustments (1) (60,553) (9,071) Total adjustments 177,742 30,635 Non-GAAP adjusted net income 152,740 102,152 Adjusted weighted-average shares diluted (2) 39,531,814 41,045,805 Adjusted earnings per share (2) 3.96 2.58 (1) The income tax effect of the adjustments was calculated by applying our blended federal and state statutory rate of 26 to the adjustments that have a tax effect. As such, the non-GAAP effective tax rates for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 25.4 and 22.8 , respectively. (2) Adjusted weighted-average shares - diluted were calculated using the if-converted method for the convertibles notes in accordance with ASC 260, Earnings per Share . As such, for periods where non-GAAP adjusted income (loss) was in an income position, adjusted earnings per share includes 4,925,134 shares related to the assumed conversion of the convertible notes and the associated cash interest expense added-back to non-GAAP adjusted net income, as well as other potentially dilutive securities to the extent that they are not antidilutive. 
 56 

Table of Contents 
 The following is a summary of 2022 quarterly adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share: 

First Quarter Second Quarter Third Quarter Fourth Quarter GAAP net (loss) income (13,069) (5,191) 457 (7,199) Adjustments: Non-cash interest expense 913 2,522 2,467 2,383 Amortization 18,923 37,501 37,552 37,493 Impairment expense 4,786 Stock-based compensation expense 6,135 5,692 5,377 5,670 Acquisition related expenses 27,167 3,579 463 88 Recognition of step-up basis in inventory 603 12,638 10,519 15,824 Discrete deferred tax benefit from valuation allowance release Income tax effect of above adjustments (1) (13,671) (15,737) (14,290) (16,855) Total adjustments 40,070 46,195 42,088 49,389 Non-GAAP adjusted net income 27,001 41,004 42,545 42,190 Adjusted weighted-average shares diluted (2) 39,241,622 39,256,685 39,495,453 39,644,115 Adjusted earnings per share (2) 0.71 1.07 1.10 1.09 (1) The income tax effect of the adjustments was calculated by applying our blended federal and state statutory rate of 26 to the adjustments that have a tax effect. As such, the non-GAAP effective tax rates for the three months ended March 31, June 30, September 30, and December 31, 2022 were 25.4 , 25.4 , 25.3 , and 25.4 , respectively. (2) Adjusted weighted-average shares - diluted were calculated using the if-converted method for the convertibles notes in accordance with ASC 260, Earnings per Share . As such, for periods where non-GAAP adjusted income (loss) was in an income position, adjusted earnings per share includes 4,925,134 shares related to the assumed conversion of the convertible notes and the associated cash interest expense added-back to non-GAAP adjusted net income, as well as other potentially dilutive securities to the extent that they are not antidilutive. The following is a summary of 2021 quarterly adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share: 

First Quarter Second Quarter Third Quarter Fourth Quarter GAAP net income (loss) 15,662 72,843 8,046 (25,034) Adjustments: Non-cash interest expense 919 875 833 779 Amortization 16,795 16,795 16,796 16,795 Stock-based compensation expense 6,879 6,516 5,948 4,912 Restructuring 4,578 Litigation settlements 2,935 Discrete deferred tax benefit from valuation allowance release (62,649) Income tax effect of above adjustments (1) (5,997) 10,270 (5,899) (7,445) Total adjustments 18,596 (28,193) 17,678 22,554 Non-GAAP adjusted net income (loss) 34,258 44,650 25,724 (2,480) Adjusted weighted-average shares diluted (2) 41,160,092 41,286,853 41,186,308 34,123,309 Adjusted earnings (loss) per share (2) 0.86 1.10 0.65 (0.07) (1) The income tax effect of the adjustments was calculated by applying our blended federal and state statutory rate of 26 to the adjustments that have a tax effect. As such, the non-GAAP effective tax rates for the three months ended March 31, June 30, September 30, and December 31, 2021 were 24.4 , 26.7 , 25.0 , and 24.8 , respectively. (2) Adjusted weighted-average shares - diluted were calculated using the if-converted method for the convertibles notes in accordance with ASC 260, Earnings per Share . As such, for periods where non-GAAP 
 57 

Table of Contents 
 adjusted income (loss) was in an income position, adjusted earnings per share includes 4,925,134 shares related to the assumed conversion of the convertible notes and the associated cash interest expense added-back to non-GAAP adjusted net income, as well as other potentially dilutive securities to the extent that they are not antidilutive. Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risks Our primary exposure to market risk is interest rate sensitivity in connection with our money market funds and the 2022 Term Loan. As of December 31, 2022, our cash and cash equivalents included money market funds of 172.6 million. Our money market funds are short-term highly liquid investments, however, due to the short-term duration and the low risk profile of our investments, an immediate 10 change in interest rates would not have a material effect on the fair market value of our investment portfolio. The 2022 Term Loan has an underlying rate that is indexed to the 3-month LIBOR rate (subject to a floor of 1.20 ), plus a margin of 7.5 per annum. Based on the outstanding principal amount of the 2022 Term Loan as of December 31, 2022 of 575.0 million and the applicable interest rate, a hypothetical 1 increase or decrease in interest rates would increase or decrease future interest expense by approximately 5.8 million. Item 8. Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Our Consolidated Financial Statements, together with the reports of our independent registered public accounting firms, begin on page F - 1 of this Form 10 - K. Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure None. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Our management, with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, as of the end of the period covered by this report. The term disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022. Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Internal control over financial reporting refers to the process designed by, or under the supervision of, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, and effected by our Board of Directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and includes those policies and procedures that: (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of consolidated financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that our 
 58 

Table of Contents 
 receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements. Internal control over financial reporting cannot provide absolute assurance of achieving financial reporting objectives because of its inherent limitations. Internal control over financial reporting is a process that involves human diligence and compliance and is subject to lapses in judgment and breakdowns resulting from human failures. Internal control over financial reporting also can be circumvented by collusion or improper management override. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of such limitations, there is a risk that material misstatements may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by internal control over financial reporting. However, these inherent limitations are known features of the financial reporting process. Therefore, it is possible to design into the process safeguards to reduce, though not eliminate, this risk. Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over our financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f) under the Exchange Act. Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Management has used the framework set forth in the report entitled Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) published by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) to evaluate the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Based on our evaluation, Management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting As required by Rule 13a-15(d) of the Exchange Act, our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, conducted an evaluation of the internal control over financial reporting to determine whether any changes occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. During the fourth quarter of 2022, we completed the integration of BDSI into our internal control over financial reporting. Except for this change, there has been no other changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2022 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 59 

Table of Contents 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the shareholders and the Board of Directors of Collegium Pharmaceutical, Inc. Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Collegium Pharmaceutical, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, of the Company and our report dated February 23, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. Basis for Opinion The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. /s/ Deloitte Touche LLP Boston, Massachusetts February 23, 2023 
 60 

Table of Contents 
 Item 9B. Other Information Not applicable. Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections Not applicable. PART II I Item 10. Director s, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance Other than the information regarding our executive officers provided in Part I of this report under the heading Business Our Executive Officers , the information required to be furnished pursuant to this item is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of the Shareholders. Our Board of Directors has adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to all of our employees, executive officers and directors. The Code of Ethics is available on our website at www.collegiumpharma.com. Our Board of Directors is responsible for overseeing compliance with the Code of Ethics, and our Board of Directors or an appropriate committee thereof must approve any waivers of the Code of Ethics for employees, executive officers or directors. Disclosure regarding any amendments to the Code of Ethics, or any waivers of its requirements, will be made on our website. Item 11. Executive Compensation The information required by this Item 11 is incorporated herein by reference from our definitive proxy statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters The information required by this Item 12 is incorporated herein by reference from our definitive proxy statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence The information required by this Item 13 is incorporated herein by reference from our definitive proxy statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. Item 14. Principa l Accountant Fees and Services The information required by this Item 14 is incorporated herein by reference from our definitive proxy statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. PART I V Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules Consolidated Financial Statements See Part II, Item 8 for the Consolidated Financial Statements required to be included in this Form 10 - K. Consolidated Financial Statement Schedules All financial statement schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or the required information is included in the Consolidated Financial Statements or notes thereto. 
 61 

Table of Contents 
 Exhibit s Exhibit Number Exhibit Description 2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated July 10, 2014, by and between Collegium Pharmaceutical, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and Collegium Pharmaceutical, Inc., a Virginia corporation. (1) 2.2 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of February 14, 2022, by and among Collegium Pharmaceutical, Inc., Bristol Acquisition Company, Inc. and BioDelivery Sciences International, Inc. (16) 3.1 Third Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Collegium Pharmaceutical, Inc. (2) 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Collegium Pharmaceutical, Inc. (3) 4.1 Warrant to Purchase Stock, dated November 8, 2018, issued by Collegium Pharmaceutical, Inc. to Assertio Therapeutics, Inc. (4) 4.2 Indenture, dated as of February 13, 2020, between Collegium Pharmaceutical, Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee. (5) 4.3 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 13, 2020, between Collegium Pharmaceutical, Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee. (5) 4.4 Form of certificate representing the 2.625 Convertible Senior Notes due 2026 (included as Exhibit A to Exhibit 4.3). (5) 4.5 Indenture, dated as of February 10, 2023, between Collegium Pharmaceutical, Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee. (11) 4.6 Form of certificate representing the 2.875 Convertible Senior Notes due 2029 (included as Exhibit A to Exhibit 4.5). (11) 4.7 Description of the Registrant s Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (filed herewith). 10.1 Office Lease agreement by and between Campanelli-Trigate 100 TCD Stoughton, LLC, and Collegium Pharmaceutical, Inc as of March 23, 2018. (6) 10.2+ 2015 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. (7) 10.3+ Performance Bonus Plan. (8) 10.4(a)+ Amended and Restated 2014 Stock Incentive Plan. (7) 10.4(b)+ Form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement under the Amended and Restated 2014 Stock Incentive Plan. (7) 10.4(c)+ Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement under the Amended and Restated 2014 Stock Incentive Plan. (7) 10.4(d)+ Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement under the Amended and Restated 2014 Stock Incentive Plan. (7) 10.4(e)+ Form of Performance Share Unit Agreement under the Amended and Restated 2014 Stock Incentive Plan. (9) 10.5 Form of Indemnification Agreement. (8) 10.6+ Amended Restated Employment Agreement, dated December 27, 2020, by and between Collegium Pharmaceutical, Inc. and Joseph Ciaffoni. (10) 10.7+ Amended Restated Employment Agreement, dated December 27, 2020, by and between Shirley Kuhlmann and Collegium Pharmaceutical, Inc. (10) 10.8+ Amended Restated Employment Agreement, dated December 27, 2020, by and between Collegium Pharmaceutical, Inc. and Scott Dreyer. (10) 10.9+ Amended Restated Employment Agreement, effective as of December 27, 2020, by and between Richard Malamut, M.D. and Collegium Pharmaceutical, Inc. (10) 10.10 License Agreement (U.S.), dated as of January 13, 2015, by and among Gr nenthal GmbH, Janssen Research Development, LLC, Assertio Therapeutics, Inc. and Collegium Pharmaceutical, Inc. (12) 10.11 Consent Agreement, dated January 30, 2020, by and among Gr nenthal GmbH, Assertio Therapeutics, Inc. and Collegium Pharmaceutical, Inc. (12) 10.12 Settlement Agreement, dated September 29, 2020, by and among Collegium Pharmaceutical, Inc. and Teva Pharmaceuticals USA, Inc. (13) 10.13+ Employment Agreement, dated May 24, 2021, by and between Colleen Tupper and Collegium Pharmaceutical, Inc. (14) 10.14 Amended and Restated Loan Agreement, dated as of March 22, 2022, by and among Collegium Pharmaceutical, Inc., the guarantors party thereto, BioPharma Credit PLC, and BioPharma Credit Investments V (Master) LP, as lenders. (17) 10.15 Second Amendment to Loan Agreement, dated as of February 6, 2023, Amended and Restated Loan Agreement, dated as of March 22, 2022, by and among Collegium Pharmaceutical, Inc., the guarantors party thereto, BioPharma Credit PLC, and BioPharma Credit Investments V (Master) LP, as lenders . 
 62 

Table of Contents 
 10.16 Exclusive License Agreement, dated April 4, 2019, between the Company and Shionogi, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed by BDSI on March 9, 2022). (15) 10.17+ Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated January 20, 2022 by and between Collegium Pharmaceutical, Inc. and Joseph Ciaffoni. (15) 10.18+ Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated January 20, 2022 by and between Collegium Pharmaceutical, Inc. and Colleen Tupper. (15) 10.19+ Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated January 20, 2022 by and between Collegium Pharmaceutical, Inc. and Shirley Kuhlmann. (15) 10.20+ Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated January 20, 2022 by and between Collegium Pharmaceutical, Inc. and Scott Dreyer. (15) 10.21+ Employment Agreement, dated March 23, 2022 by and between Collegium Pharmaceutical, Inc. and Thomas Smith. (15) 21.1 Subsidiaries of Collegium Pharmaceutical, Inc. 23.1 Consent of Deloitte Touche LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 31.1 Certifying Statement of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002. 31.2 Certifying Statement of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002. 32.1 Certifying Statement of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 1350 of Title 18 of the United States Code. 32.2 Certifying Statement of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 1350 of Title 18 of the United States Code. 101 The following financial information from this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, formatted in Inline XBRL: (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, (iii) Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, (iv) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, and (v) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, tagged as blocks of text. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

 Previously filed. +Indicates management contract or compensatory plan. Certain portions of the exhibits that are not material and would be competitively harmful if publicly disclosed have been redacted pursuant to Item 601(b)(10)(iv) of Regulation S-K. Copies of the unredacted exhibits will be furnished to the Commission upon request. (1) Previously filed as an exhibit to the registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-203208) filed with the Commission on April 2, 2015. (2) Previously filed as an exhibit to the registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2020 filed with the Commission on August 5, 2020. (3) Previously filed as an exhibit to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on December 4, 2017. (4) Previously filed as an exhibit to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on November 8, 2018. (5) Previously filed as an exhibit to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on February 13, 2020. (6) Previously filed as an exhibit to the registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2018 filed with the Commission on May 9, 2018. (7) Previously filed as an exhibit to the registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No. 333-207744) filed with the Commission on November 2, 2015. 
 63 

Table of Contents 
 (8) Previously filed as an exhibit to the registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-203208) filed with the Commission on April 27, 2015. (9) Previously filed as an exhibit to the registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2019 filed with the Commission on May 8, 2019. (10) Previously filed as an exhibit to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on December 30, 2020. (11) Previously filed as an exhibit to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on February 13, 2023. (12) Previously filed as an exhibit to the registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2020 filed with the Commission on May 7, 2020. (13) Previously filed as an exhibit to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on September 30, 2020. (14) Previously filed as an exhibit to the registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2021 filed with the Commission August 5, 2021. (15) Previously filed as an exhibit to the registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2022 filed with the Commission May 10, 2022. (16) Previously filed as an exhibit to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on February 14, 2022. (17) Previously filed as an exhibit to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on March 23, 2022. Item 16. Form 10-K Summary None. 
 64 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. COLLEGIUM PHARMACEUTICAL, INC. By: /s/ Joseph Ciaffoni Joseph Ciaffoni Chief Executive Officer 
 Signature Title Date /s/ Joseph Ciaffoni President and Chief Executive Officer February 23, 2023 Joseph Ciaffoni (Principal Executive Officer) and Director /s/ Colleen Tupper Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer February 23, 2023 Colleen Tupper (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) /s/ Michael T. Heffernan, R.Ph. Chairman of the Board February 23, 2023 Michael T. Heffernan, R.Ph. /s/ Rita Balice-Gordon, Ph.D. Director February 23, 2023 Rita Balice-Gordon, Ph.D. /s/ Garen G. Bohlin Director February 23, 2023 Garen G. Bohlin /s/ John A. Fallon, M.D. Director February 23, 2023 John A. Fallon, M.D. /s/ John G. Freund, M.D. Director February 23, 2023 John G. Freund, M.D. /s/ Gwen Melincoff Director February 23, 2023 Gwen Melincoff /s/ Gino Santini Director February 23, 2023 Gino Santini /s/ Neil McFarlane Director February 23, 2023 Neil McFarlane Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this report has been signed by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 65 

Table of Contents 
 COLLEGIUM PHARMACEUTICAL, INC. Index to Consolidated Financial Statements Audited Consolidated Financial Statements Pages Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm PCAOB ID F-2 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-5 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 F-6 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 F-7 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 F-8 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-9 
 F-1 

Table of Contents 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the shareholders and the Board of Directors of Collegium Pharmaceutical, Inc. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Collegium Pharmaceutical, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, shareholders equity, and cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated February 23, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Change in Accounting Principle As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company changed its method of accounting for convertible debt in 2021 due to the adoption of ASU 2020-06, Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity s Own Equity , using the modified retrospective approach. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matters The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. Revenue Recognition Product Return Liability Refer to Note 3 to the Financial Statements Critical Audit Matter Description Revenue is recognized when control is transferred to the customer, which occurs upon delivery, and revenue is measured as the amount of consideration the Company expects to receive in exchange for transferring products to a customer transaction price ). The transaction price for product sales includes variable consideration related to sales deductions and a refund liability is established for estimated product returns. At the end of each reporting period, the Company updates the estimated transaction price (including updating its assessment of whether an estimate of variable 
 F-2 

Table of Contents 
 consideration should be constrained) to represent faithfully the circumstances present at the end of the reporting period and the changes in circumstances during the reporting period. Variable consideration, including the risk of customer concessions, is included in the transaction price only to the extent that it is probable that a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur when the uncertainty is subsequently resolved. The Company updates the measurement of the refund liability at the end of each reporting period for changes in expectations about the amount of refunds with the corresponding adjustments recognized as revenue (or reductions of revenue). Estimating the variable consideration and the provision for the refund liability requires significant judgment by management. Given the complexity and significant level of estimation uncertainty involved in calculating the refund liability, our audit in this area required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort. How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit Our audit procedures related to the revenue deductions and the refund liability (the return adjustments included the following, among others: We tested the effectiveness of controls over the measurement and recognition of return adjustments, including management s controls over product returns and revenue data. We evaluated the Company s methodology and significant assumptions made in developing the return adjustments. We tested the completeness and accuracy of the data underlying the measurement of return adjustments. We tested the mathematical accuracy of management s underlying calculation of return adjustments. We tested the reasonableness of management s estimate through corroboration with management outside of accounting and finance and evaluated evidence related to return adjustments. We evaluated management s ability to accurately forecast product return activity by performing a retrospective review, comparing prior period product return estimates to actual product returns processed in the subsequent year to identify potential bias or unanticipated trends in the determination of the refund liability. We developed independent estimates of the return adjustments using historical sales and returns activity, product dating and expiration dates, and other information. Business Combinations - Refer to Note 4 to the financial statements Critical Audit Matter Description During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company acquired BioDelivery Sciences International, Inc BDSI for 669.4 million and accounted for the transaction as a business combination. Accordingly, the purchase price was allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their respective fair values, including identifiable intangible assets and inventory of 435.0 million and 77.4 million, respectively. Management estimated the fair value of these assets using valuation techniques, including income-based models, which required the use of significant estimates and assumptions related to revenue forecasts, future profit margins, and the selection of appropriate discount rates. We identified the valuation of acquired intangible assets and inventory as a critical audit matter. Given that the determination of the fair value of the acquired intangible assets and inventory requires significant estimates and assumptions by management, performing audit procedures to evaluate the reasonableness of these estimates and assumptions required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort, including the need to involve our fair value specialists. How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit Our audit procedures related to the revenue forecasts, future profit margins, and the selection of the discount rates for the acquired intangible assets and inventory included the following, among others: We tested the effectiveness of controls over the valuation of the acquired intangible assets and inventory, including management s controls over revenue forecasts, future profit margins, and selection of the discount rates. 
 F-3 

Table of Contents 
 We assessed the reasonableness of management s revenue and profit margin forecasts by performing the following: o We compared the forecasts to historical results of the acquired business. o We compared the forecasts to internal forecasts and other information obtained while performing the audit. o We performed a sensitivity analysis to determine the impact of the assumptions under different scenarios. o We compared the revenue growth rates and profit margins to available external information. With the assistance of our fair value specialists, we performed the following: o We evaluated the reasonableness of the valuation methodologies selected and the mathematical accuracy of the calculation. o We tested the source information underlying the determination of the discount rates, tested the mathematical accuracy of the calculations and compared those to the amounts selected by management. /s/ February 23, 2023 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2016. 
 F-4 

Table of Contents 
 COLLEGIUM PHARMACEUTICAL, INC. CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET S (In thousands, except share and per share data) 

December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 Assets Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net Inventory Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Operating lease assets Intangible assets, net Restricted cash Deferred tax assets Other noncurrent assets Goodwill Total assets Liabilities and shareholders equity Current liabilities Accounts payable Accrued expenses Accrued rebates, returns and discounts Current portion of term notes payable Current portion of operating lease liabilities Total current liabilities Term notes payable, net of current portion Convertible senior notes Operating lease liabilities, net of current portion Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (refer to Note 12) Shareholders equity: Preferred stock, par value; authorized shares - Common stock, par value; authorized shares - ; issued and outstanding shares at December 31, 2022 and issued and outstanding shares at December 31, 2021 Additional paid-in capital Treasury stock, at cost; shares at December 31, 2022 and shares at December 31, 2021 ) ) Accumulated deficit ) ) Total shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-5 

Table of Contents 
 COLLEGIUM PHARMACEUTICAL, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATION S (In thousands, except share and per share data) 

Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Product revenues, net Cost of product revenues Cost of product revenues (excluding intangible asset amortization) Intangible asset amortization and impairment Total cost of products revenues Gross profit Operating expenses Research and development Selling, general and administrative Restructuring Total operating expenses Income from operations Interest expense ) ) ) Interest income (Loss) income before income taxes ) ) (Benefit from) provision for income taxes ) ) Net (loss) income ) (Loss) earnings per share basic ) Weighted-average shares basic (Loss) earnings per share diluted ) Weighted-average shares diluted The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-6 

Table of Contents 
 COLLEGIUM PHARMACEUTICAL, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUIT Y (In thousands, except share data) 

Additional Total Common Stock Paid-In Treasury Stock Accumulated Shareholders Shares Amount Capital Shares Amount Deficit Equity Balance at December 31, 2019 ) Exercise of common stock options Issuance for employee stock purchase plan Vesting of RSUs Shares withheld for employee taxes upon vesting of RSUs ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Equity component of 2020 Convertible Notes, net of issuance costs of Net income Balance at December 31, 2020 ) Cumulative effect of adjustment for adoption of ASU 2020-06 ) ) Exercise of common stock options Issuance for employee stock purchase plan Vesting of RSUs and PSUs Shares withheld for employee taxes upon vesting of RSUs and PSUs ) ) ) Share repurchases ) ) ) Forward contract on ASR agreement ) ) Stock-based compensation Net income Balance at December 31, 2021 ) ) ) Exercise of common stock options Issuance for employee stock purchase plan Vesting of RSUs and PSUs Shares withheld for employee taxes upon vesting of RSUs and PSUs ) ) ) Share repurchases ) ) ) Exercise of warrant Stock-based compensation Net loss ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-7 

Table of Contents 
 COLLEGIUM PHARMACEUTICAL, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOW S (In thousands) 

Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Operating activities Net (loss) income ) Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) income to net cash provided by operating activities: Amortization and impairment expense Depreciation expense Deferred income taxes ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Non-cash lease expense Non-cash interest expense for amortization of debt discount and issuance costs Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) ) ) Inventory ) ) Prepaid expenses and other assets ) ) ) Accounts payable ) ) Accrued expenses ) ) Accrued rebates, returns and discounts ) ) Operating lease assets and liabilities Net cash provided by operating activities Investing activities Purchase of intangible asset ) Purchases of property and equipment ) ) ) Acquisition of BDSI (net of cash acquired) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Financing activities Proceeds from issuances of common stock from employee stock purchase plans Proceeds from the exercise of stock options Payments made for employee stock tax withholdings ) ) ) Repurchases of common stock ) ) Proceeds from issuance of term note, net of issuance costs of Proceeds from convertible senior notes, net of issuance costs of Repayment of term notes ) ) ) Proceeds from term note modification Repayment of term loan ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of year Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of year Reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash to the Consolidated Balance Sheets: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information Cash paid for interest Cash paid for income taxes Supplemental disclosure of non-cash activities Acquisition of property and equipment in accounts payable and accrued expenses Accrued royalties discharged upon closing of asset acquisition Inventory used in the construction and installation of property and equipment Receivable from stock option exercises in other current assets The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-8 

Table of Contents 
 COLLEGIUM PHARMACEUTICAL, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 F-9 

Table of Contents 
 transfers between Levels 1, 2 and 3 during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The following tables present the Company s financial instruments carried at fair value using the lowest level input applicable to each financial instrument at December 31, 2022 and 2021. December 31, 2021 Money market funds, included in cash equivalents The Company s cash equivalents, which consist of money market funds, are measured at fair value on a recurring basis using quoted market prices. Accordingly, these securities are categorized as Level 1. Assets and Liabilities Not Carried at Fair Value The Company s convertible senior notes fall into the Level 2 category within the fair value level hierarchy. The fair value was determined based on data points other than quoted prices that are observable, either directly or indirectly, such as broker quotes in a non-active market. As of December 31, 2022, the convertible senior notes had a fair value of approximately and a net carrying value of . The Company s term notes fall into the Level 2 category within the fair value level hierarchy and the fair value was determined using quoted prices for similar liabilities in active markets, as well as inputs that are observable for the liability (other than quoted prices), such as interest rates that are observable at commonly quoted intervals. As of December 31, 2022, the carrying amount of the term notes reasonably approximated the estimated fair value. As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the carrying amounts of the cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, prepaid expenses and other current assets, accounts payable, accrued expenses, and accrued rebates, returns and discounts, reasonably approximated the estimated fair values. reputable and nationally recognized financial institution. In addition, as of December 31, 2022, the Company s cash equivalents were invested in money market funds. The Company has not experienced any material losses in such accounts and management believes that the Company is not exposed to significant credit risk due to the financial position of the financial institutions in which those deposits are held and the nature of the assets in the money market funds. 
 F-10 

Table of Contents 
 customers comprised 10 or more of the Company s accounts receivable balance as of December 31, 2022. These customers comprised , , and of the accounts receivable balance as of December 31, 2022 and , , and as of December 31, 2021. The same customers comprised 10 or more of the Company s revenue during the year ended December 31, 2022. These customers comprised , , and of revenue during the year ended December 31, 2022; , , and during the year ended December 31, 2021; and , , and during the year ended December 31, 2020. To date, the Company has not experienced any credit losses with respect to the collection of its accounts receivable and has not recorded an allowance for credit losses as of December 31, 2022 or 2021. The Company has financial instruments with off balance sheet risk of loss. , which represents cash held in a depository account at a financial institution to collateralize conditional standby letters of credit for the Company s corporate credit card program, its lease of its corporate headquarters, and its leases of vehicles for its field-based employees. of inventory as of December 31, 2022. The Company expects to use the inventory over its operating cycle. 
 F-11 

Table of Contents 
 - Laboratory equipment Furniture and fixtures Manufacturing equipment - Leasehold improvements Lesser of remaining lease term and estimated useful life Costs for capital assets not yet placed into service have been capitalized as construction-in-progress, and will be depreciated in accordance with the above guidelines once placed into service. Upon retirement or sale, the cost of assets disposed and the related accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts and any resulting gain or loss is recorded in the statements of operations. 
 F-12 

Table of Contents 
 expenses incurred in research and development after the three months ended March 31, 2022. , and in the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 respectively. Advertising and product promotion costs are expensed as incurred. 
 F-13 

Table of Contents 
 in restructuring expense. Of this amount, was paid by December 31, 2021 and the remaining was paid in the first half of 2022. accrued interest or penalties related to uncertain tax positions and amounts have been recognized in the Company s statements of operations. 
 F-14 

Table of Contents 
 , a reduction to accumulated deficit of , and a reduction to additional paid-in capital of . Interest expense of the convertible senior notes will be lower as a result of adoption of this guidance and diluted net loss per share will be computed using the if-converted method for the convertible senior notes. As a result of the adoption of this guidance, interest expense decreased and net income increased by , basic earnings per share was increased by , and diluted earnings per share was decreased by for the year ended December 31, 2021. In May 2021, the FASB issued ASU 2021-04, Earnings Per Share (Topic 260), Debt Modifications and Extinguishments (Subtopic 470-50), Compensation Stock Compensation (Topic 718), and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40): Issuer s Accounting for Certain Modifications or Exchanges of Freestanding Equity-Classified Written Call Options. This ASU clarifies and reduces diversity in an issuer s accounting for modifications or exchanges of freestanding equity-classified written call options that remain equity classified after modification or exchange. The standard is effective for public companies for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2021 and may be applied prospectively to modifications or exchanges occurring on or after the effective date of the amendments. The Company adopted this standard effective January 1, 2022 and the adoption did not have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. In October 2021, the FASB issued ASU 2021-08, Business Combinations (Topic 805): Accounting for Contract Assets and Contract Liabilities from Contracts with Customers. This ASU amends Accounting Standards Codification ASC 805 to add contract assets and contract liabilities to the list of exceptions to the recognition and measurement principles that apply to business combinations and to require that an entity (acquirer) recognize and measure contract assets and contract liabilities acquired in a business combination in accordance with ASC 606. As a result of the amendments made by the ASU, it is expected that an acquirer will generally recognize and measure acquired contract assets and contract liabilities in a manner consistent with how the acquiree recognized and measured them in its pre-acquisition financial statements. The ASU s amendments are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The amendments should be applied prospectively to business combinations occurring on or after the effective date of the amendments. Early adoption of the amendments is permitted, including adoption in an interim period. An entity that early adopts in an interim period should apply the amendments (i) retrospectively to all business combinations for which the acquisition date occurs on or after the beginning of the fiscal year that includes the 
 F-15 

Table of Contents 
 year or less. Performance Obligations The Company determined that performance obligations are satisfied, and revenue is recognized when a customer takes control of the Company s product, which occurs at a point in time. This generally occurs upon delivery of the products to customers, at which point the Company recognizes revenue and records accounts receivable. Payment is typically received to after satisfaction of the Company s performance obligations. 
 F-16 

Table of Contents 
 window beginning prior to expiration and up until after expiration. The Company s customers short-pay an existing invoice upon notice of a product return claim. Adjustments to the preliminary short-paid claims are processed when the return claim is validated and finalized. The Company s return policy requires that product is returned and that the return is claimed within the 18-month window. 
 F-17 

Table of Contents 
 of the value of the product returns claimed during that period. Due to the failure of the customers and their vendor to return product timely in the ordinary course, the Company did not physically receive returned products corresponding to the substantial majority of the returns claimed and could not validate or finalize customer return claims, nor determine if the return was or would be eligible for refund upon the physical return. The lack of timely processing of requested product returns obscures information related to the validation of product returns and increases uncertainty related to the actual volume of product that will be physically returned and credited in accordance with the Company s returns policy. During the fourth quarter of 2021, after significant and sustained efforts with customers to resolve the unprocessed return claims, the Company formally denied a significant portion of these claims under the Company s return policy. The Company subsequently received payment for only a portion of the denied claims and vigorously pursued collections of the full amount of these short-pay receivables. As a result of discussions with customers related to unprocessed return claims and the uncertainty associated with the ultimate resolution, as well as the impact of unprocessed claims on estimates of future returns, the Company recorded an adjustment to reduce product revenue, net of , with offsetting reductions in accounts receivable or increases in the refund liability for future product returns. At the end of each reporting period, the Company updates the estimated transaction price (including updating its assessment of whether an estimate of variable consideration is constrained) to represent faithfully the circumstances present at the end of the reporting period and the changes in circumstances during the reporting period. Variable consideration, including the risk of customer concessions, is included in the transaction price only to the extent that it is probable that a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur when the uncertainty is subsequently resolved. In particular, resolution of the unprocessed return claims includes the risk of concession for those that are outside of the Company s return policy. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company revised its estimate of variable consideration associated with unprocessed returns claims that arose in prior periods due to the receipt of payment and settlement, which resulted in an increase to product revenues, net of . During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company s adjustment was a reduction in product revenues. Significant judgment is required to determine the variable consideration included in the transaction price as described above. Adjustments to the estimated variable consideration included in the transaction price occurs when new information indicates that the estimate should be revised. If the value of accepted and processed claims is different than the amount estimated and included in variable consideration, then adjustments would impact product revenues, net and earnings in the period such revisions become known. The amount of variable consideration ultimately received and included in the transaction price may materially differ from the Company s estimates, resulting in additional adjustments recorded to increase or decrease product revenues, net. 
 F-18 

Table of Contents 
 Provision related to current period sales Changes in estimate related to prior period sales ) ) Credits/payments made ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2020 Provision related to current period sales Changes in estimate related to prior period sales Credits/payments made ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 Acquired from BDSI Provision related to current period sales Changes in estimate related to prior period sales ) ) Credits/payments made ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 (1) Provisions for rebates and incentives includes managed care rebates, government rebates and co-pay program incentives. Provisions for rebates and incentives are deducted from gross revenues at the time revenues are recognized and are included in accrued rebates, returns and discounts in the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. (2) Provisions for product returns are deducted from gross revenues at the time revenues are recognized and are included in accrued rebates, returns and discounts in the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. (3) Provisions for trade allowances and chargebacks include fees for distribution service fees, prompt pay discounts, and chargebacks. Trade allowances and chargebacks are deducted from gross revenue at the time revenues are recognized and are recorded as a reduction to accounts receivable in the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. As of December 31, 2022, the Company did not have any transaction price allocated to remaining performance obligations and any costs to obtain contracts with customers, including pre-contract costs and set up costs, were immaterial. Disaggregation of Revenue The Company discloses disaggregated revenue from contracts with customers into categories that depict how the nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows are affected by economic factors. As such, the Company disaggregates its product revenues, net from contracts with customers by product, as disclosed in the table below. Xtampza ER Nucynta IR Nucynta ER Symproic Other Total product revenues, net The Company began recognizing revenue from net product sales of Belbuca, Symproic, and Elyxyb following the Acquisition Date as defined in Note 4, Acquisitions . 
 F-19 

Table of Contents 
 consisting of the following (in thousands, except per share amounts): 

Fair Value of Purchase Price Consideration Amount Fair value of purchase price consideration paid at closing: Cash consideration for all outstanding shares of BDSI s common and preferred stock shares acquired at per share) Cash consideration paid to settle RSUs and in-the-money options Cash paid to settle BDSI debt Total purchase consideration The Company has accounted for the BDSI Acquisition as a business combination and, accordingly, has included the assets acquired, liabilities assumed and results of operations in its financial statements following the Acquisition Date. The preliminary purchase price allocation is based on estimates, assumptions, valuations and other studies which have not yet been finalized. Prior to the finalization of the purchase price allocation, if information becomes available that would indicate it is probable that unknown events had occurred and the amounts can be reasonably estimated, such items will be included in the final purchase price allocation and may change the carrying value of goodwill. The Company is finalizing its valuation of acquired deferred tax assets and anticipates finalizing the purchase price allocation as the information necessary to complete the analysis is obtained, but no later than one year after the Acquisition Date. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the subsequent adjustments within the measurement period to the preliminary purchase price allocation did not have a significant impact on earnings. The Company recorded measurement period adjustments to increase inventory by , decrease intangible assets by , increase accrued rebates, returns and discounts by , increase prepaid expenses and other current assets by , decrease accrued expenses by , and increase deferred tax liabilities by , with a net offsetting increase to goodwill of . 
 F-20 

Table of Contents 
 Accounts receivable Inventory Prepaid expenses and other current assets Property and equipment Operating lease assets Intangible assets Total assets Liabilities Assumed Accounts payable Accrued expenses Accrued rebates, returns and discounts Operating lease liabilities Deferred tax liabilities Total liabilities Total identifiable net assets acquired Goodwill Total consideration transferred The valuation of the acquired intangible assets is inherently subjective and relies on significant unobservable inputs. The Company used an income approach to value the of intangible assets. The valuation for each of these intangible assets was based on estimated projections of expected cash flows to be generated by the assets, discounted to the present value at discount rates commensurate with risk. The Company is amortizing the identifiable intangible assets on a straight-line basis over their respective useful lives (refer to Note 10, Goodwill and Intangible Assets ). In addition, the acquired inventory was recognized at its acquisition-date fair value, which resulted in an increase of compared to its preacquisition book value. The excess of the purchase price over the fair value of identifiable net assets acquired represents goodwill. This goodwill is primarily attributable to synergies of merging operations. The acquired goodwill is not deductible for tax purposes. Total revenues attributable to BDSI from the Acquisition Date through December 31, 2022 were . However, earnings attributable to BDSI from the Acquisition Date through December 31, 2022 are not distinguishable due to the rapid integration of BDSI s core operations into the Company. Unaudited Pro Forma Summary of Operations Net income 
 F-21 

Table of Contents 
 The unaudited pro forma financial information was prepared using the acquisition method of accounting and was based on the historical financial information of the Company and BDSI. The pro forma financial information primarily reflects the following pro forma adjustments: The Company s acquisition related transaction costs of were reflected as of January 1, 2021 Employee severance related expense of was reflected as of January 1, 2021 Additional amortization expense from the acquired intangibles Additional cost of product revenues related to the step-up basis in inventory to record inventory at fair value; and Adjustments to the Company s interest expense related to repayment of the 2020 Term Loan and entering into the 2022 Term Loan as defined in Note 13, Debt. In addition, all of the above adjustments were adjusted for the applicable tax impact. Acquisition Related Expenses During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred of acquisition related expenses as a result of the BDSI Acquisition and the substantial majority were included in Selling, general, and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. These costs include transaction costs, which primarily consisted of financial advisory, banking, legal, and regulatory fees, and other consulting fees, incurred to complete the acquisition, employee-related expenses (severance cost and benefits) for terminated employees after the acquisition, BDSI directors and officers insurance, and miscellaneous other acquisition expenses incurred. The Company does not expect to incur any additional expenses related to the BDSI Acquisition. Employee-related expenses BDSI directors and officers insurance Other acquisition expenses Total acquisition related expenses to (plus an additional of net sales on a pass-through basis to a third-party licensor of Shionogi) based on volume of net sales and whether Symproic is being sold as an authorized generic. Unless earlier terminated, the Shionogi License Agreement will continue in effect until the expiration of the royalty obligations, as defined therein. Upon expiration of the Shionogi License Agreement, all licenses granted for Symproic in the Shionogi Field and in the Shionogi Territory survive and become fully-paid, royalty-free, perpetual and irrevocable. BDSI and Shionogi also had entered into a supply agreement under which Shionogi will supply Symproic at cost plus an agreed upon markup. In the event that Symproic is sourced from a third-party supplier, Shionogi would continue to supply naldemedine tosylate for use in Symproic manufacturing at cost plus such agreed upon markup for the duration of the Shionogi License Agreement. 
 F-22 

Table of Contents 
 payment was due to DRL on August 3, 2022. In addition, up to an additional of payments are due to DRL upon achievement of certain regulatory milestones as well as for quarterly earn-out payments on potential sales of the Elyxyb Product in the DRL Territory that range from high single digits to the low double digits (subject to reduction in certain circumstances) of net sales based on volume of sales. DRL will also be entitled to one-time payments upon the achievement of escalating sales milestones, which range from to be paid upon the achievement of in net sales in a calendar year to to be paid upon the achievement of in net sales in a calendar year up to a total of . During the three months ended December 31, 2022, the Company discontinued the commercialization of Elyxyb. Refer to Note 10, Goodwill and Intangible Assets , for more information. In February 2023, the Company entered into an agreement with Scilex to transfer to Scilex all assets, rights, and obligations necessary to commercialize Elyxyb in the United States and Canada (the Elyxyb Sale Agreement ). Refer to Note 20, Subsequent Events , for more information. 
 F-23 

Table of Contents) Adjustment for interest expense recognized on convertible senior notes: Net (loss) income diluted ) Denominator: Weighted-average shares outstanding basic Effect of dilutive securities: Stock options Restricted stock units Performance share units Employee stock purchase plan Warrants Convertible senior notes Weighted average shares outstanding diluted (Loss) earnings per share basic ) (Loss) earnings per share diluted ) The Company has the option to settle the conversion obligation for its convertible senior notes due in 2026 in cash, shares or a combination of the two. The Company uses the if-converted method for the convertible senior notes. The following table presents dilutive securities excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings per share: Restricted stock units Performance share units Convertible senior notes For PSUs, these securities were excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings per share as the performance-based or market-based vesting conditions were not met as of the end of the reporting period. All other securities presented in the table above were excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings per share as their inclusion would have had an antidilutive effect. Work in process Finished goods Total inventory 
 F-24 

Table of Contents 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the expenses related to excess and obsolete inventory that were recorded as a component of cost of products revenues were . Expenses related to excess and obsolete inventory were immaterial for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, inventory used in the construction and installation of property and equipment was , , and , respectively. Prepaid income taxes Prepaid co-pay program incentives Prepaid insurance Other current assets Other prepaid expenses Prepaid expenses and other current assets Laboratory equipment Furniture and fixtures Manufacturing equipment Leasehold improvements Construction-in-process Total property and equipment Less: accumulated deprecation ) ) Property and equipment, net Depreciation expense related to property and equipment amounted to , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 the Company disposed of fully depreciated assets of , and , respectively. Any gains or losses from the retirement, sale or disposal of property and equipment during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 were immaterial. 
 F-25 

Table of Contents 
 Balance at December 31, 2022 The following table sets forth the cost, accumulated amortization, and carrying amount of intangible assets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021: ) Nucynta Products ) ) Symproic ) Elyxyb ) Total intangibles ) ) The following table presents amortization and impairment expense recognized in cost of product revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020: Nucynta Products Symproic Elyxyb (1) Total amortization and impairment expense (1) Includes of amortization expense and of impairment expense . Intangible Asset Impairment During the three months ended December 31, 2022, the Company made the decision to discontinue the commercialization of Elyxyb. Accordingly, an asset impairment evaluation performed during the three months ended December 31, 2022 resulted in the Company recognizing of impairment expense related to the Elyxyb intangible asset, which was equivalent to the carrying amount of the Elyxyb asset at the time of the impairment determination. The impairment expense reflects that no significant proceeds are expected to be realized from its disposition. The impairment expense is included in Intangible asset amortization and impairment in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Other expenses associated with the discontinuation of Elyxyb were immaterial. The revenues generated from sales of Elyxyb to date were immaterial. Elyxyb is not considered a significant component of the entity s business and therefore, is not presented as a discontinued operation. There were no employees impacted by the decision to discontinue the commercialization of Elyxyb and therefore, no severance or employee benefit expense were recognized. In addition, contract termination costs related to the 
 F-26 

Table of Contents 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Remaining amortization expense Accrued bonuses Accrued product taxes and fees Accrued sales and marketing Accrued audit and legal Accrued incentive compensation Accrued interest Accrued payroll and related benefits Accrued income taxes Accrued restructuring expenses Accrued other operating costs Total accrued expenses 
 F-27 

Table of Contents 
 Orange Book-listed patents for OxyContin, of which have been invalidated in court proceedings, and provided the required notice to Purdue. Under the Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act of 1984, Purdue had the option to sue the Company for infringement and receive a stay of up to before the FDA could issue a final approval for Xtampza ER, unless the stay was earlier terminated. In response to these actions, Purdue sued the Company for infringement in the District of Delaware on March 24, 2015 asserting infringement of of Purdue s Orange Book-listed patents (Patent Nos. 7,674,799, 7,674,800, and 7,683,072) and a non-Orange Book-listed patent (Patent No. 8,652,497), and accordingly, received a 30-month stay of FDA approval. The Delaware court transferred the case to the District of Massachusetts. After the Company filed a partial motion for judgment on the pleadings relating to the Orange Book-listed patents, the District Court of Massachusetts ordered judgment in the Company s favor on those patents, and dismissed the claims asserting infringement of those patents with prejudice. Upon dismissal of those claims, the 30-month stay of FDA approval was lifted. As a result, the Company was able to obtain final approval for Xtampza ER and launch the product commercially. Purdue subsequently filed follow-on lawsuits asserting infringement of patents that had been late-listed in the Orange Book and therefore, could not trigger any stay of FDA approval: Purdue filed suit asserting infringement of Patent No. 9,073,933 in November 2015, and asserted infringement of Patent No. 9,522,919 in April 2017. In addition, Purdue filed suit on patents that had not been listed in the Orange Book, filing suit in June 2016 asserting infringement of Patent No. 9,155,717 and in September 2017, asserting infringement of Patent No. 9,693,961. On March 13, 2018, the Company filed a Petition for Post-Grant Review PGR of the 961 patent with the Patent Trial and Appeal Board PTAB ). The PGR argues that the 961 patent is invalid for lack of a written description, for lack of enablement, for indefiniteness, and as being anticipated by prior art. The PTAB held oral argument on the proceedings on July 10, 2019 and was scheduled to issue a decision on the patentability of the 961 patent by no later than October 4, 2019. On September 15, 2019, Purdue commenced a voluntary case under chapter 11 of title 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York. On September 24, 2019, Purdue gave the PTAB notice of its bankruptcy filing and sought the imposition of an automatic stay of the PGR proceedings. On October 2, 2019, the PTAB extended the period for issuing its decision by up to . In October 2017, and in response to the filing of the Company s Supplemental NDA sNDA seeking to update the drug abuse and dependence section of the Xtampza ER label, Purdue filed another suit asserting infringement of the 933 and 919 patent. The Company filed a motion to dismiss that action, and the Court granted its motion on January 16, 2018. A claim construction hearing was held on June 1, 2017. On November 21, 2017, the Court issued its claim construction ruling, construing certain claims of the 933, 497, and 717 patents. The Court issued an order on September 28, 2018 in which it granted in part a motion for summary judgment that the Company filed. Specifically, the Court ruled that the Xtampza ER formulation does not infringe the 497 and 717 patents. On September 18, 2019, Purdue gave the Court notice of its bankruptcy filing and sought the imposition of an automatic stay of the proceedings. On September 20, 2019, the matter was stayed pending further order of the Court. On September 1, 2020, the Bankruptcy Court entered an Order Granting Motions for Relief from the Automatic Stay, lifting the automatic stays in both the District of Massachusetts and PTAB proceedings. The Company appealed the Bankruptcy Court s Order, in part, and that appeal is stayed, on consent by Purdue, pending the outcome of any appeal of the PTAB proceedings. On September 11, 2020, Purdue filed a motion to terminate the PTAB action on the basis that those proceedings had gone beyond the statutory period. The Company opposed Purdue s motion. On November 19, 2021, the PTAB (i) denied Purdue s motion to terminate the PGR and (ii) issued its Final Written Decision, finding that claims 1-17 of the 961 patent were invalid for lack of written description and anticipation. On December 17, 2021, Purdue filed a Request for Director Review. That request was denied on February 7, 2022. On February 16, 2022, Purdue filed a Federal Circuit notice of appeal. On April 12, 2022, the Company filed a Motion to 
 F-28 

Table of Contents 
 
 F-29 

Table of Contents 
 additional cases were filed by purported individual stockholders of BDSI in the same court, captioned Sanford v. BioDelivery Sciences International, Inc., et al ., No. 1:22-cv-01676 Sanford Action ), and Higley v. BioDelivery Sciences International, Inc., et al. , No. 1:22-cv-01658 Higley Action ). On March 2, 2022 and March 5, 2022, additional cases were filed by purported individual stockholders of BDSI in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of New York, captioned Justice II v. BioDelivery Sciences International, Inc., et al. , No. 1:22-cv-01145 Justice Action and Zomber v. BioDelivery Sciences International, Inc., et al. , No. 1:22-cv-01220 Zomber Action together with the Stein , Sanford , Higley , and Justice Actions, the Actions ). The Actions and any similar subsequently filed cases involving BDSI, its officers or Board of Directors, or any committee thereof, and/or any of the Company s officers or directors relating directly or indirectly to the Merger Agreement, the BDSI Acquisition or any related transaction, are referred to as the Merger Litigations. The Merger Litigations filed to date generally allege that the Schedule 14D-9 is materially incomplete and misleading by allegedly failing to disclose purportedly material information relating to the sale process leading to the Merger, BDSI s financial projections, and the analyses performed by Moelis Company LLC in connection with the Merger. The Merger Litigations assert violations of Section 14(e) of the Exchange Act and violations of Section 20(a) of the Exchange Act against BDSI s Board of Directors. Additionally, the Stein, Higley, Justice , and Zomber complaints assert violations of Section 14(d) of the Exchange Act and Rule 14d-9 promulgated thereunder. The Merger Litigations seek, among other things: an injunction enjoining consummation of the Merger, rescission of the Merger Agreement, a declaration that BDSI and its Board of Directors violated Sections 14(e) and 20(a) of the Exchange Act and Rule 14a-9 promulgated thereunder, damages, costs of the action, including plaintiffs attorneys fees and experts fees and expenses, and any other relief the court may deem just and proper. In addition, on February 24, 2022, February 28, 2022, and March 7, 2022, BDSI received demand letters from purported stockholders of BDSI seeking to inspect certain books and records of BDSI related to the Merger (collectively, the Inspection Letters ). On March 4, 2022, March 9, 2022, and March 11, 2022, BDSI received demand letters from purported stockholders alleging that the Schedule 14D-9 omits purportedly material information relating to the Merger (collectively, the Demand Letters ). On April 14, 2022, plaintiff in the Higley Action filed a notice of voluntary dismissal of the complaint. On May 15, 2022, plaintiff in the Zomber Action filed a notice of voluntary dismissal of the complaint. And, on June 24, 2022, plaintiff in the Justice Action filed a notice of voluntary dismissal of the complaint. In the remaining Stein and Sanford Actions, on July 20, 2022, the respective Courts entered an Order for plaintiff to serve a summons and complaint by August 3, 2022. On July 28, 2022, plaintiff in the Sanford Action filed a partial voluntary dismissal of the individual named defendants but not BDSI from that action and filed a waiver of service as to BDSI. On October 26, 2022, plaintiff in the Sanford Action filed a notice of voluntary dismissal of the complaint as to Defendant BDSI as well. To date, the complaint in the Stein Action has not been served on, nor was service waived by, any of the named defendants in that action. While the Company believes that the remaining Merger Litigations, Inspection Letters, and Demand Letters are without merit and that the disclosures in the Schedule 14D-9 comply fully with applicable law, solely in order to avoid the expense and distraction of litigation, BDSI previously determined to voluntarily supplement the Schedule 14D-9 with certain supplemental disclosures set forth in BDSI s Schedule 14D-9 filed with the SEC on March 11, 2022 (the Supplemental Disclosures ). The Company and BDSI believe that the Supplemental Disclosures mooted all allegations or concerns raised in the Merger Litigations, Inspection Letters, and Demand Letters. 
 F-30 

Table of Contents 
 MDL cases that named the Company as a defendant, the allegations against it were previously dismissed or withdrawn in cases as of December 31, 2021. As explained below, the remaining MDL cases that named the Company were dismissed as of April 19, 2022. In addition, the Company had been previously dismissed from non-MDL cases filed in Pennsylvania and Arkansas state courts. Outside of the MDL, there were several cases filed against the Company in state courts in Pennsylvania and Massachusetts: In Pennsylvania, lawsuits naming the Company were consolidated for discovery purposes in the Delaware County Court of Common Pleas as part of a consolidated proceeding of similar lawsuits brought by numerous Pennsylvania counties against other pharmaceutical manufacturers and distributors. These included lawsuits filed between May 2018 and July 2019 on behalf of Bucks County, Clinton County, Mercer County, Warrington Township, Warminster Township, and the City of Lock Haven, each of Pennsylvania, alleging claims related to opioid marketing and distribution, including negligence, fraud, unjust enrichment, public nuisance, and violations of state consumer protections laws. In Massachusetts, there were lawsuits by the City of Worcester, the City of Salem, the City of Framingham, the Town of Lynnfield, the City of Springfield, the City of Haverhill, the City of Gloucester, the Town of Canton, the Town of Wakefield, the City of Chicopee, the Town of Natick, the City of Cambridge and the Town of Randolph, all of which were consolidated before the Business Litigation Session of the Superior Court. The actions alleged a variety of claims related to opioid marketing and distribution practices including public nuisance, common law fraud, negligent misrepresentation, negligence, violations of Mass Gen. Laws ch. 93A, Section 11, unjust enrichment and civil conspiracy. On December 24, 2021, the Company entered into a settlement framework with Scott+Scott Attorneys at Law, LLP, the law firm representing plaintiffs in each of the cases, including the remaining MDL cases and state court cases described above. Pursuant to the terms of the settlement framework, which were later memorialized in a final settlement agreement, the Company agreed to pay in exchange for the dismissal, with prejudice, of each plaintiff s lawsuit against the Company and a release of claims related to such lawsuits. The settlement agreement was executed by the Company and all plaintiffs, and the amounts subject to the settlement agreement were paid. The Company entered into this settlement to efficiently resolve this litigation and does not admit any liability or acknowledge any wrongdoing in connection with the settlement agreement. The parties have submitted appropriate motions to dismiss the Company with prejudice for each of the cases. All were granted, thereby dismissing the Company, with prejudice, from all cases. 
 F-31 

Table of Contents 
 
 F-32 

Table of Contents 
 
 F-33 

Table of Contents 
 , including relating to that office s costs of investigation, in exchange for closure of the investigation and a release of claims pertaining to the subject matter of the investigation. The Company is currently cooperating with each of the foregoing states in their respective investigations. 
 F-34 

Table of Contents 
 secured term loan (the 2020 Term Loan ), the proceeds of which were used to finance a portion of the purchase price paid pursuant to the Nucynta Purchase Agreement. O n February 13, 2020 (the 2020 Term Loan Closing Date , the Company received the proceeds from the 2020 Term Loan. On March 22, 2022 the outstanding balance under the 2020 Loan Agreement was fully paid in connection with the closing of the BDSI Acquisition and establishment of the 2022 Term Loan, as described below. 2022 Term Loan On March 22, 2022, in connection with the closing of the BDSI Acquisition, the Company entered into an Amended and Restated Loan Agreement by and among the Company, and Pharmakon (the 2022 Loan Agreement ). The 2022 Loan Agreement provided for a secured term loan (the 2022 Term Loan ), the proceeds of which were used to repay the Company s existing term notes and fund a portion of the consideration to be paid to complete the BDSI Acquisition. The 2022 Loan Agreement was accounted for as a debt modification and transaction fees of were expensed. In connection with the 2022 Loan Agreement, the Company paid loan commitment and other fees to the lender of , which together with preexisting debt issuance costs and note discounts of will be amortized over the term of the loan using the effective interest rate. The 2022 Term Loan will mature on the anniversary of the closing of the BDSI Acquisition and is guaranteed by the Company s material domestic subsidiaries. The 2022 Term Loan is also secured by substantially all of the assets of the Company and its material domestic subsidiaries. The 2022 Term Loan bears interest at a rate based upon the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR (subject to a LIBOR floor of ), plus a margin of per annum. As of December 31, 2022, the interest rate was . The Company is required to repay the 2022 Term Loan by paying in principal payments during the first year and the remaining balance will amortize in equal quarterly installments over the remaining three years. The 2022 Loan Agreement permits voluntary prepayment at any time, subject to a prepayment premium. The prepayment premium is equal to of the principal amount being prepaid prior to the second-year anniversary of the closing date, or of the principal amount being prepaid on or after the second-year anniversary of the closing date. The 2022 Loan Agreement also includes a make-whole premium in the event of a voluntary prepayment, a prepayment due to a change in control or acceleration following an Event of Default (as defined in the 2022 Loan Agreement) on or prior to the second-year anniversary of the closing date, in each case in an amount equal to foregone interest from the date of prepayment through the second-year anniversary of the closing date. A change of control also triggers a mandatory prepayment of the 2022 Term Loan. The 2022 Loan Agreement contains certain covenants and obligations of the parties, including, without limitation, covenants that limit the Company s ability to incur additional indebtedness or liens, make acquisitions or other investments or dispose of assets outside the ordinary course of business. Failure to comply with these covenants would constitute an event of default under the 2022 Loan Agreement, notwithstanding the Company s ability to meet its debt service obligations. The 2022 Loan Agreement also includes various customary remedies for the lenders following an event of default, including the acceleration of repayment of outstanding amounts under the 2022 Loan Agreement and execution upon the collateral securing obligations under the 2022 Loan Agreement. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, the Company recognized interest expense of , , and , respectively. 
 F-35 

Table of Contents 
 2024 2025 2026 Total before unamortized discount and issuance costs Less: unamortized discount and issuance costs ) Total term notes 2026 Convertible Notes On February 13, 2020, the Company issued convertible senior notes due in 2026 (the 2026 Convertible Notes or convertible notes in the aggregate principal amount of , in a public offering registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The 2026 Convertible Notes were issued in connection with funding the Nucynta Acquisition, and the proceeds of the convertible notes were used to finance a portion of the purchase price payable pursuant to the Nucynta Purchase Agreement. Some of the Company s existing investors participated in the convertible notes offering. The Company may, at its option, settle the convertible notes in cash, shares of the Company s common stock or a combination of cash and shares of the Company s common stock. Accordingly, the Company originally accounted for the liability component (the Liability Component and the embedded derivative conversion option (the Equity Component of the convertible notes separately by allocating the proceeds between the Liability Component and the Equity Component. In connection with the issuance of the convertible notes, the Company incurred approximately of debt issuance costs, which primarily consisted of underwriting, legal and other professional fees, and allocated these costs between the Liability Component and the Equity Component based on the allocation of the proceeds. Of the total debt issuance costs, was allocated to the Equity Component and recorded as a reduction to additional paid-in capital and was allocated to the Liability Component and recorded as a debt discount of the convertible notes. The portion allocated to the Liability Component was expected to be amortized to interest expense using the effective interest method over . Prior to the adoption of ASU 2020-06 on January 1, 2021, the initial carrying amount of the Liability Component of was calculated by measuring the fair value of a similar liability that does not have an associated convertible feature. The allocation was performed in a manner that reflected the Company s non-convertible borrowing rate for similar debt. The Equity Component of the convertible notes of was recognized as a debt discount. The excess of the principal amount of the Liability Component over its carrying amount was expected to be amortized to interest expense using the effective interest method over . Subsequent to the adoption of ASU 2020-06 on January 1, 2021, which the Company elected to adopt using the modified retrospective method, the Company removed the impact of recognizing the Equity Component of the senior convertible notes (at issuance and the subsequent accounting impact of additional interest expense from debt discount amortization). The convertible notes are the Company s senior unsecured obligations and bear interest at a rate of per year payable semi-annually in arrears on February 15 and August 15 of each year, beginning on August 15, 2020. Before August 15, 2025, noteholders will have the right to convert their notes only upon the occurrence of certain events. From and after August 15, 2025, noteholders may convert their notes at any time at their election until the close of business on the scheduled trading day immediately before the maturity date. The Company will settle conversions by paying or delivering, as applicable, cash, shares of the Company s common stock or a combination of cash and shares of the Company s common stock, at the Company s election. The notes will mature on February 15, 2026, unless earlier repurchased, redeemed or converted. The initial conversion rate is shares of common stock per 1 principal amount of notes, which represents an initial conversion price of approximately per share of common stock. The conversion rate and conversion price are subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of certain events. 
 F-36 

Table of Contents 
 of the conversion price for at least trading days during the consecutive trading days ending on, and including, the last trading day of the immediately preceding calendar quarter; (2) during the consecutive business days immediately after any consecutive trading day period (such consecutive trading day period, the measurement period in which the trading price per 1 principal amount of the convertible notes for each trading day of the measurement period was less than of the product of the last reported sale price per share of the Company s common stock on such trading day and the conversion rate on such trading day; (3) upon the occurrence of certain corporate events or distributions on the Company s common stock; (4) if the Company calls the convertible notes for redemption; or (5) at any time from, and including, August 15, 2025 until the close of business on the scheduled trading day immediately before the maturity date. As of December 31, 2022, none of the above circumstances had occurred and as such, the convertible notes could not have been converted. The Company may not redeem the convertible notes prior to February 15, 2023. On or after February 15, 2023, the Company may redeem the convertible notes, in whole and not in part, at a cash redemption price equal to the principal amount of the convertible notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, only if the last reported sale price per share of the Company s common stock exceeds of the conversion price on: (1) each of at least trading days, whether or not consecutive, during the consecutive trading days ending on, and including, the trading day immediately before the date the Company sends the related redemption notice; and (2) the trading day immediately before the date the Company sends such notice. Calling any convertible note for redemption will constitute a make-whole fundamental change with respect to that convertible note, in which case the conversion rate applicable to the conversion of that convertible note, if it is converted in connection with the redemption, will be increased in certain circumstances for a specified period of time. The convertible notes have customary default provisions, including (i) a default in the payment when due (whether at maturity, upon redemption or repurchase upon fundamental change or otherwise) of the principal of, or the redemption price or fundamental change repurchase price for, any note (ii) a default for in the payment when due of interest on any note (iii) a default in the Company s obligation to convert a note in accordance with the indenture; (iv) a default with respect to the Company s obligations under the indenture related to consolidations, mergers and asset sales; (v) certain payment or other defaults by the Company or certain subsidiaries with respect to mortgages, agreements or other instruments for indebtedness for money borrowed of at least ; and (vi) certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency and reorganization with respect to the Company or any of its significant subsidiaries. As of December 31, 2022, the convertible notes outstanding consisted of the following: Less: unamortized issuance costs ) Net carrying amount The Company determined the expected life of the convertible notes was equal to its term. The effective interest rate on the convertible notes was . As of December 31, 2022, the if-converted value did not exceed the remaining principal amount of the convertible notes. 
 F-37 

Table of Contents 
 Amortization of debt discount Amortization of debt issuance costs Total interest expense As of December 31, 2022, the future minimum payments on the convertible notes were as follows: 2024 2025 2026 Total minimum payments Less: interest ) Less: unamortized issuance costs ) Convertible senior notes of rentable square feet of space, in Stoughton, Massachusetts. The Stoughton Lease commenced in August 2018 when the Company took possession of the space. After the initial free rent period following possession of the space, the operating lease will continue for a term of . The Company has the right to extend the term of the Stoughton Lease for additional terms, provided that written notice is provided to the landlord no later than 12 months prior to the expiration of the then current Stoughton Lease term. The Company did not believe the exercise of the extension to be reasonably certain as of the lease commencement date and therefore, did not include the extension as part of its recognized lease asset and lease liability. The annual base rent is , or per rentable square foot, and will increase annually by to over the subsequent years. In January 2016, the Company entered a non-cancellable contract with the contract manufacturing organization CMO of Xtampza ER. The contract term continued through December 2022 and was automatically renewed for successive terms as neither party gave written notice of termination in advance. Pursuant to the terms of the agreement, since 2016 the CMO has reserved square feet of existing manufacturing space for a dedicated manufacturing suite for Xtampza ER, which was put into service in the year ended December 31, 2020. As the Company can direct the use of the dedicated manufacturing suite and obtain substantially all the economic benefits of the dedicated space, the Company determined that the arrangement was an embedded operating lease. The Company expects the lease term to continue at least through December 2026 and separated the agreement s lease and non-lease components in determining the operating lease assets and liabilities. The Company determined its best estimate of stand-alone prices for each of the lease and nonlease components by considering observable information including gross margins expected to be recovered from the Company s service provider and terms of similar lease contracts. In connection with the BDSI Acquisition, the Company acquired an operating lease for the former headquarters of BDSI pursuant to which the Company leases of rentable square feet of space in Raleigh, North Carolina (the BDSI Lease ). The BDSI Lease continues through July 2023. The Company does not expect to renew or extend the lease beyond its contractual expiration in July 2023. 
 F-38 

Table of Contents 
 and operating lease liabilities of primarily related to operating lease agreements for its corporate headquarters. Short-Term Lease Arrangements In December 2018, the Company began entering into -month, non-cancelable vehicle leases for its field-based employees. Each vehicle lease is executed separately and expires at varying times with automatic renewal options that are cancelable at any time. The rent expense for these leases is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term in the period in which it is incurred. Variable Lease Costs Variable lease costs primarily include utilities, property taxes, and other operating costs that are passed on from the lessor. The components of lease cost for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 are as follows: Short-term lease cost Variable lease cost Total lease cost The lease term and discount rate for operating leases for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 are as follows: Weighted-average discount rate operating leases Other information related to operating leases for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 is as follows: Leased assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities The Company s aggregate future minimum lease payments for its operating leases, including embedded operating lease arrangements, as of December 31, 2022, are as follows: 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total minimum lease payments Less: Present value discount Present value of lease liabilities 
 F-39 

Table of Contents 
 shares of common stock were authorized for issuance to employees, officers, directors, consultants and advisors of the Company, plus an annual increase on the first day of each fiscal year until the expiration of the Plan equal to of the total number of outstanding shares of common stock on December 31st of the immediately preceding calendar year (or a lower amount as otherwise determined by the Company s Board of Directors prior to January 1st). As of December 31, 2022, there were shares of common stock available for issuance pursuant to the Plan. The Plan provides for granting of both Internal Revenue Service qualified incentive stock options and non-qualified options, restricted stock awards, restricted stock units and performance stock units. The Company s qualified incentive stock options, non-qualified options and restricted stock units generally vest ratably over a period of service. The stock options generally have a contractual life and, upon termination, vested options are generally exercisable between one and following the termination date, while unvested options are forfeited immediately upon termination. Shares issued under all of our plans are funded through the issuance of new shares. Refer to Note 16, Stock-based Compensation , for more information. Warrants In connection with execution of the Third Amendment to the Nucynta Commercialization Agreement, the Company issued a warrant to Assertio to purchase shares of common stock of the Company (the Warrant at an exercise price of per share. The Warrant was set to expire in November 2022 and included customary adjustments for changes in the Company s capitalization. In November 2022, the Warrant was exercised through a cashless exercise and the Company issued shares. As of December 31, 2022, there were outstanding warrants remaining. Share Repurchases In August 2021, the Company s Board of Directors authorized a repurchase program for the repurchase of up to of shares of its common stock at any time or times through December 31, 2022 (the Prior Repurchase Program ). The Prior Repurchase Program permitted the Company to effect repurchases through a variety of methods, including open-market purchases (including pursuant to a trading plan adopted in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 of the Exchange Act), privately negotiated transactions, or otherwise in compliance with Rule 10b-18 of the Exchange Act. Shares repurchased under the Prior Repurchase Program were returned to the Company s pool of authorized but unissued shares available for reissuance. The timing and amount of any such repurchases were determined based on share price, market conditions, legal requirements, and other relevant factors. In October 2021, the Company s Board of Directors authorized an ASR Program to repurchase of the Company s common stock, as part of the Company s Prior Repurchase Program. Under the terms of the Company s ASR agreement with an investment bank (the ASR Agreement ), the Company paid on November 15, 2021, and received shares, representing of the upfront payment on a price per share of , the closing price on the date the agreement was executed. The remaining shares purchased by the Company was based on the volume-weighted average price of its common stock through January 7, 2022, minus an agreed upon discount between the parties. On January 7, 2022, the ASR Agreement settled and the Company received an additional shares, bringing the total shares repurchased pursuant to the ASR Agreement to . The ASR Agreement was accounted for as two separate transactions (1) a repurchase of common stock in a treasury stock transaction recorded on November 15, 2021 and (2) a forward contract indexed to the Company s own common stock which settled on January 7, 2022. The forward contract for the purchase of the remaining , representing remaining shares to be delivered by the investment bank under the ASR Agreement, was recorded as a reduction to stockholders equity as of December 31, 2021. Forward contracts to repurchase a variable number of the Company s equity shares that require physical settlement are accounted for in conformity with guidance in ASC 815-10-15. Under ASC 815-10-15-74, contracts issued or held by a 
 F-40 

Table of Contents 
 shares from the outstanding shares used to calculate the weighted-average common shares outstanding for both basic and diluted earnings per share. As the Company was entitled to receive additional shares of its common stock in connection with the outstanding forward contract, the receipt of additional shares of common stock was antidilutive. Therefore, no adjustments were made in the computation of earnings per share for the period the forward was outstanding. The forward contract was no longer outstanding as of December 31, 2022. Through December 31, 2022, the Company repurchased shares at a weighted-average price of per share for a total of under the Prior Repurchase Program and the cost of repurchased shares were recorded as treasury stock in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. The Prior Repurchase Program expired on December 31, 2022. In January 2023, the Company s Board of Directors authorized the 2023 Share Repurchase Program for the repurchase of up to of the Company s common stock through December 31, 2023. The 2023 Share Repurchase Program permits the Company to effect repurchases through a variety of methods, including open-market purchases (including pursuant to a trading plan adopted in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 of the Exchange Act), privately negotiated transactions, or otherwise in compliance with Rule 10b-18 of the Exchange Act. The timing and amount of any shares purchased on the open market will be determined based on the Company s evaluation of the market conditions, share price and other factors. The Company plans to utilize existing cash on hand to fund the share repurchase program. cumulative revenue goals for Xtampza ER. The PSUs were to vest following a performance period, subject to the satisfaction of the performance criteria and the executive s continued employment through the performance period. PSUs may vest in a range between and , based on the satisfaction of performance criteria, and no shares will be issued if the minimum applicable performance metric is not achieved. The Company recognizes compensation expense ratably over the required service period based on its estimate of the number of shares that will vest based upon the probability of achieving the performance metrics. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company adjusted cumulative compensation expense based on the number of shares that vested. Beginning in February 2020 and each year thereafter, the Company granted PSUs with performance criteria related to the relative ranking of the total stockholder return TSR of the Company s common stock for each individual year within a performance period as well as the cumulative performance period return relative to the TSR of certain peer companies within the S P Pharmaceutical Select Industry Index. TSR will be measured based on the average stock price on the first day of each period compared to the average stock price on the last day of each period. The PSUs subject to the annual performance criteria will vest annually, subject to the satisfaction of the performance criteria and the executive s continued employment through the performance period. The cumulative PSUs will vest following the performance period, subject to the satisfaction of the performance criteria and the executive s continued employment through the performance period. PSUs may vest in a range between and , based on the satisfaction of performance, and no shares will be issued if the minimum applicable performance metric is not achieved. As these PSUs vest based on the achievement of market conditions, the grant date fair values were 
 F-41 

Table of Contents 
 cumulative revenue goals to being based on TSR for 2020, 2021 and the corresponding cumulative period. The PSUs achieved based on 2019 Xtampza revenues goals were not changed as part of the modification. The Company accounted for this modification under ASC 718, and, per guidance, determined the modification created incremental value as the fair value of these awards was increased upon modification. The increase in fair value resulted in an accelerated recognition of stock-based compensation expense on the modification date of . The total expense for these PSUs in years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 was , and , respectively. A summary of the Company s performance share units activity for the year ended December 31, 2022 and related information is as follows: Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Performance adjustment Outstanding at December 31, 2022 The number of PSUs awarded represents the target number of shares of common stock that may be earned; however, the actual number of shares earned may vary based on the satisfaction of performance criteria. The weighted-average grant date fair value of PSUs granted for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 was , , and , respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, the stock-based compensation expense for PSUs was , , and , respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the unrecognized compensation cost related to performance share units was and is expected to be recognized as expense over approximately years. Restricted Stock Units A summary of the Company s RSUs activity for the year ended December 31, 2022 and related information is as follows: Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 The weighted-average grant date fair value of RSUs granted for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , and . The total fair value of RSUs vested (measured on the date of vesting) for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , and respectively. 
 F-42 

Table of Contents 
 and is expected to be recognized as expense over approximately years. The weighted-average grant date fair value of restricted stock units vested during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 was , , and , respectively. Stock Options A summary of the Company s stock option activity for the year ended December 31, 2022 and related information is as follows: Exercised ) Cancelled ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 Exercisable at December 31, 2022 The weighted-average assumptions used in the Black-Scholes option pricing model to determine the fair value of the employee stock option grants were as follows: Volatility Expected term (years) Expected dividend yield Risk-free Interest Rate. The risk-free interest rate assumption is based on observed interest rates appropriate for the expected term of the stock option grants. Expected Volatility. Due to the Company s limited operating history and lack of company-specific historical or implied volatility, the expected volatility assumption is based on the Company s volatility as well as the historical volatilities of a peer group of similar companies whose share prices are publicly available. The peer group was developed based on companies in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries. In evaluating similarity, the Company considers factors such as industry, stage of life cycle and size. Expected Term. The expected term represents the period of time that options are expected to be outstanding. Because the Company does not have historical exercise behavior through December 31, 2021, it determined the expected term assumption using the simplified method, which is an average of the contractual term of the option and its vesting period. Expected Dividend Yield. The expected dividend yield assumption is based on the fact that the Company has never paid cash dividends and has no present intention to pay cash dividends. The weighted-average grant date fair value of stock options granted for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 was , and respectively. The total intrinsic value of stock options exercised for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 was , and , respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the unrecognized compensation cost related to outstanding options was and is expected to be recognized as expense over approximately years. 
 F-43 

Table of Contents 
 of the lower of the closing price of the Company s common stock on (1) the first day of the purchase period or (2) the last day of the purchase period. During the year ended December 31, 2022, shares of common stock were purchased for total proceeds of . As of December 31, 2022, there were shares of common stock authorized for issuance pursuant to the employee stock purchase plan. The expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , and respectively. Stock-Based Compensation Expense Stock-based compensation for all stock options, restricted stock awards, restricted stock units, performance share units and for the employee stock purchase plan are reported within the following: Selling, general and administrative Total stock-based compensation expense State Deferred benefit: Federal ) ) State ) ) ) ) (Benefit from) provision for income taxes ) ) A reconciliation of income tax expense (benefit) computed at the statutory federal income tax rate to income taxes as reflected in the consolidated financial statements is as follows: (Increase) decrease income tax (benefit) resulting from: State income tax, net of federal benefit Permanent differences ) ) Stock compensation ) ) ) Research and development credit ) Transaction costs ) Change in tax rates and other ) Change in valuation allowance ) Effective income tax rate 
 F-44 

Table of Contents 
 Deferred taxes are recognized for temporary differences between the basis of assets and liabilities for financial statement and income tax purposes. The significant components of the Company s deferred tax assets and liabilities are comprised of the following: Research and development credits Operating lease liabilities Returns and discounts Stock-based compensation Accruals and other 163(j) Carryforward Capitalized R D Intangible assets Gross deferred tax assets: Valuation allowance ) ) Total deferred tax assets: Deferred tax liabilities: Debt discount ) Operating lease assets ) ) Inventory ) Intangible assets ) Property and equipment ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities: ) ) Net deferred tax assets The Company provides a valuation allowance when it is more-likely-than-not that deferred tax assets will not be realized. In determining the extent to which a valuation allowance for deferred tax assets is required, the Company evaluates all available evidence including projections of future taxable income, carryback opportunities, reversal of certain deferred tax liabilities, and other tax planning strategies. The Company maintains a partial valuation against its federal and state operating losses and federal R D credits as of December 31, 2022. The valuation allowance was and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The change in the valuation allowance did not impact the tax provision for the year ended December 31, 2022. As a result of sustained positive earnings history through cumulative earnings over the prior three years, as of June 30, during the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company began using projections of future taxable income as a source of realizing its deferred tax assets. Accordingly, the Company recognized a deferred tax benefit of for the year ended December 31, 2021 related to the reversal of valuation allowances. As of December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, the Company had gross U.S. federal net operating loss carryforwards of , , and , respectively, which may be available to offset future income tax liabilities. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 TCJA will generally allow losses incurred after 2017 to be carried over indefinitely but will generally limit the NOL deduction to the lesser of the NOL carryover or 80 of a corporation s taxable income (subject to Internal Revenue Code Sections 382 and 383). Also, there will be no carryback for losses incurred after 2017. Losses incurred prior to 2018 will generally be deductible to the extent of the lesser of a corporation s NOL carryover or 100 of a corporation s taxable income (subject to Internal Revenue Code Section 382 and 383) and be available for twenty years from the period the loss was generated. As of December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, the Company also had gross U.S. state net operating loss carryforwards of , , and , respectively, which may be available to offset future income tax liabilities and expire at various dates through 2037. As of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company had federal research and development tax credit carryforwards of approximately , , and , respectively, available to reduce future tax liabilities which expire at 
 F-45 

Table of Contents 
 , , and , respectively, available to reduce future tax liabilities which expire at various dates through 2037. Under the provisions of the Internal Revenue Code, the net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards are subject to review and possible adjustment by the Internal Revenue Service and state tax authorities. Net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards may become subject to an annual limitation in the event of certain cumulative changes in the ownership interest of significant shareholders over a three-year period in excess of 50 , as defined under Sections 382 and 383 of the Internal Revenue Code, respectively, as well as similar state provisions. The net operating losses acquired in the BDSI acquisition, totaling are subject to limitation. The Company has completed studies to assess the impact of ownership changes, if any, on the Company s ability to use its NOL and tax credit carryovers as defined under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code IRC 382 ). The Company concluded that there were ownership changes that occurred during the years 2006, 2012 and 2015 that would be subject to IRC 382 limitations. In addition, the Company concluded that there were ownership changes for BDSI that occurred during the years 2006 and 2022 that would be subject to IRC 382 limitations. These IRC 382 annual limitations may limit the Company s ability to use pre-ownership change federal NOL carryovers and pre-ownership change federal tax credit carryovers. The Company files income tax returns in the United States and in several states. The federal and state income tax returns are generally subject to tax examinations for the tax years ended December 31, 2019 through December 31, 2022. To the extent the Company has tax attribute carryforwards, the tax years in which the attribute was generated may still be adjusted upon examination by the Internal Revenue Service or state tax authorities to the extent utilized in a future period. The Company has not recognized deferred tax assets for certain federal and state research and development credits related to uncertain tax positions, and that is included in the tabular rollforward of uncertain tax positions. A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of gross unrecognized tax benefits UTB is as follows: Additions based on tax positions related to the current year Additions for tax positions related to acquisitions (Reductions) additions for tax positions of prior years ) ) Gross UTB Balance at December 31 Net UTB impacting the effective tax rate at December 31 excluding valuation allowance impacts, if any , , and respectively. 
 F-46 

Table of Contents 
 Cost of product revenues Cost of product revenues (excluding intangible asset amortization) Intangible asset amortization and impairment Total cost of products revenues Gross profit Operating expenses Research and development Selling, general and administrative Total operating expenses (Loss) income from operations ) Interest expense ) ) ) ) Interest income (Loss) income before income taxes ) ) ) (Benefit from) provision for income taxes ) ) ) Net (loss) income ) ) ) (Loss) earnings per share basic ) ) ) Weighted-average shares basic (Loss) earnings per share diluted ) ) ) Weighted-average shares diluted 
 F-47 

Table of Contents 
 Cost of product revenues Cost of product revenues (excluding intangible asset amortization) Intangible asset amortization and impairment Total cost of products revenues Gross profit ) Operating expenses Research and development Selling, general and administrative Restructuring Total operating expenses Income (loss) from operations ) Interest expense ) ) ) ) Interest income Income (loss) before income taxes ) (Benefit from) provision for income taxes ) ) ) Net income (loss) ) Earnings (loss) per share basic ) Weighted-average shares basic Earnings (loss) per share diluted ) Weighted-average shares diluted (1) In the fourth quarter of 2021, product revenues, net included a product revenue adjustment related to returns adjustments, of which related to Xtampza revenue and related to Nucynta Products revenue. In addition, selling general and administrative operating expense includes of expense related to litigation settlements . principal amount of its Convertible Senior Notes due 2029. The 2029 Convertible Notes issued on February 10, 2023 include principal amount of notes issued pursuant to the full exercise by the initial purchasers of such optional purchase. The 2029 Convertible Notes will be the Company s senior, unsecured obligations and will be (i) equal in right of payment with the Company s existing and future senior, unsecured indebtedness, including its existing convertible senior notes due 2026; (ii) senior in right of payment to the Company s future indebtedness that is expressly subordinated to the notes; (iii) effectively subordinated to the Company s existing and future secured indebtedness, including borrowings under the Company s secured term loan agreement, to the extent of the value of the collateral securing that indebtedness; and (iv) structurally subordinated to all existing and future indebtedness and other liabilities, including trade payables, and (to the extent the Company is not a holder thereof) preferred equity, if any, of the Company s subsidiaries. The 2029 Convertible Notes will accrue interest at a rate of per annum, payable semi-annually in arrears on February 15 and August 15 of each year, beginning on August 15, 2023. The 2029 Convertible Notes will mature on February 15, 2029, unless earlier repurchased, redeemed or converted. Before November 15, 2028, noteholders will have the right to convert their notes only upon the occurrence of certain events. The Company will settle conversions by 
 F-48 

Table of Contents 
 shares of common stock per principal amount of 2029 Convertible Notes, which represents an initial conversion price of approximately per share of common stock. The conversion rate and conversion price will be subject to customary adjustments upon the occurrence of certain events. Contemporaneously with the pricing of the notes in the offering, Collegium entered into separate privately negotiated transactions with certain holders of the 2026 Convertible Notes to repurchase aggregate principal amount of the 2026 notes for an aggregate of approximately of cash, which includes accrued and unpaid interest on the 2026 Convertible Notes to be repurchased. Tranfser of Elyxyb Rights and Obligations to Scilex In February 2023, the Company entered into the Elyxyb Sale Agreement with Scilex to transfer to Scilex all assets, rights, and obligations necessary to commercialize Elyxyb in the United States and Canada. 
 F-49 

<EX-4.7>
 2
 coll-20221231xex4d7.htm
 EX-4.7

Exhibit 4.7 DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S COMMON STOCK References to the Company, Collegium, we, our and us herein are, unless the context otherwise indicates, only to Collegium Pharmaceutical, Inc. and not to any of its subsidiaries. The following description of our common stock is a summary and does not purport to be complete. It is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to our Third Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation (our amended and restated articles of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws, each of which is incorporated by reference as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit 4.5 is a part. We encourage you to read our amended and restated articles of incorporation, amended and restated bylaws and the applicable provisions of the Virginia Stock Corporation Act, for additional information. Common Stock Authorized Capital Stock. Our authorized capital stock consists of 105,000,000 shares, 100,000,000 of which are designated as common stock with a par value of 0.001 per share and 5,000,000 of which are designated as preferred stock with a par value of 0.001. Shares of our common stock have the following rights, preferences and privileges: Voting Rights. The holders of our common stock are entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters submitted to a vote of the shareholders. With certain exceptions, a majority of the votes cast at a shareholder meeting at which a quorum is present must approve all shareholder matters. Our amended and restated articles of incorporation provide that an amendment to our amended and restated articles of incorporation, a merger, share exchange, domestication, entity conversion, sale of assets that requires shareholder approval or our dissolution must be approved by a majority of all the votes entitled to be cast at a shareholder meeting. Our amended and restated articles of incorporation provide that an amendment to our amended and restated bylaws by the shareholders must be approved by at least a majority of all the votes entitled to be cast. Our amended and restated bylaws also provide that our directors are elected by a majority of the votes cast in non-contested director elections. In contested elections, directors are elected by a plurality of the votes cast plurality of the votes cast. Dividends. Subject to the preferences applicable to any shares of preferred stock outstanding at any time, holders of our common stock are entitled to receive dividends when and as declared by our board of directors from assets or funds legally available therefor. The timing, declaration, amount and payment of future dividends will depend on our financial condition, earnings, capital requirements and debt service obligations, as well as legal requirements, regulatory constraints, industry practice and other factors that our board of directors deems relevant. Our board of directors will make all decisions regarding our payment of dividends from time to time in accordance with applicable law. Liquidation. Subject to any preferential liquidation rights of holders of preferred stock that may be outstanding, upon our dissolution, the holders of our common stock will be entitled to share ratably in our assets legally available for distribution to our shareholders. No Preemptive or Similar Rights. The holders of our common stock do not have any preemptive rights or preferential rights to subscribe for shares of our capital stock or any other securities. Our common stock is not subject to any redemption or sinking fund provisions. Transfer Agent and Registrar . The transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is Computershare Trust Company, N.A. Listing . Our common stock is listed on NASDAQ under the symbol COLL. Anti-Takeover Effects of Provisions of our Articles of Incorporation, our Bylaws and Virginia Law Various provisions contained in our amended and restated articles of incorporation, our amended and restated bylaws and Virginia law could delay, deter or discourage some transactions involving an actual or potential change in control of the Company. Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws Preferred stock 

 Our amended and restated articles of incorporation authorize our board of directors to establish one or more series of preferred stock and to determine, with respect to any series of preferred stock, the preferences, rights and other terms of such series. Under this authority, our board of directors could create and issue a series of preferred stock with rights, preferences or restrictions that have the effect of discriminating against an existing or prospective holder of our capital stock as a result of such holder beneficially owning or commencing a tender or exchange offer for a substantial amount of our common stock. One of the effects of authorized but unissued and unreserved shares of preferred stock may be to render it more difficult for, or to discourage an attempt by, a potential acquiror to obtain control of us by means of a merger, tender or exchange offer, proxy contest or otherwise, and thereby protect the continuity of our management. The issuance of shares of preferred stock may have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control of our Company without any action by our shareholders. Qualification and election of directors Our amended and restated bylaws provide that to be eligible to be nominated by a shareholder for election to our board of directors, a person must submit a written questionnaire regarding his or her background and qualifications and must agree to other representations as set forth in our amended and restated bylaws. Since our initial public offering, our board of directors had been divided into three classes, each serving three-year terms and until each director s successor is duly elected and qualified. Under our amended and restated articles of incorporation, our board of directors will be declassified beginning in 2021. Directors in office immediately after the 2020 annual meeting of shareholders will serve out their three-year terms, but directors elected by shareholders beginning at the 2021 annual meeting will be elected to one-year terms. Beginning at the 2023 annual meeting of shareholders, all directors will be subject to annual election for one-year terms. Our amended and restated articles of incorporation do not provide for cumulative voting in the election of directors. Board vacancies; removal Our amended and restated articles of incorporation provide that any vacancy occurring on our board of directors will be filled by a majority of directors then in office, even if less than a quorum. Our amended and restated articles of incorporation also provide that our directors can only be removed for cause upon the vote of more than two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast by holders of common stock. Special meetings of shareholders; number of directors and unanimous written consent of shareholders Our amended and restated articles of incorporation provide that only the board of directors, the chairman of the board of directors or the president may call a special meeting of the shareholders. Our amended and restated bylaws provide that the authorized number of our directors be changed only by resolution of our board of directors. Our amended and restated bylaws prohibit shareholders from acting by less-than-unanimous written consent. Advance notification of shareholder nominations and proposals Our amended and restated bylaws establish advance notice procedures with respect to shareholder proposals and the nomination of persons for election as directors, other than nominations made by or at the direction of our board of directors. Virginia Anti-Takeover Statutes Affiliated transactions statute Virginia law contains provisions governing certain material transactions, or affiliated transactions, between the Company and any holder of more than 10 of any class of its outstanding voting shares, or an interested shareholder. In general, these provisions prohibit a Virginia corporation from engaging in an affiliated transaction with an interested shareholder for a period of three years following the date such person became an interested shareholder, unless (i) a majority of the disinterested directors and the holders of at least two-thirds of the voting shares, other than those beneficially owned by the interested shareholder, approved the affiliated transaction, or (ii) before the date that the person became an interested shareholder, a majority of the disinterested directors approved the transaction that resulted in the person becoming an interested shareholder. After three years, any such transaction must be at a fair price, as statutorily defined, or must be approved by the holders of at least two-thirds of the voting shares, other than those beneficially owned by the interested shareholder. Affiliated transactions subject to this approval requirement include mergers, share exchanges, material dispositions of corporate assets not in the ordinary course of business, the sale of shares of the corporation or any of its subsidiaries to an interested shareholder having an aggregate fair market value of greater than 5 of the aggregate fair market value of the corporation s outstanding shares, any dissolution of the Company proposed by or on behalf of an interested 

 shareholder or any reclassification, including reverse stock splits, recapitalization or merger of the Company with its subsidiaries, if any, that increases the percentage of voting shares beneficially owned by an interested shareholder by more than 5 . The shareholders of a Virginia corporation may adopt an amendment to the corporation s articles of incorporation or bylaws opting out of the provisions of Virginia law governing affiliated transactions but such amendment shall not be effective until 18 months after its adoption. Neither our amended and restated articles of incorporation nor our amended and restated bylaws contain a provision opting out of the provisions of Virginia law governing affiliated transactions. Control share acquisitions statute Virginia law also contains provisions relating to control share acquisitions, which are transactions causing the voting strength of any person acquiring beneficial ownership of shares of a Virginia public corporation to meet or exceed certain threshold percentages (20 , 33 1 / 3 or 50 of the total votes entitled to be cast for the election of directors. Shares acquired in a control share acquisition have no voting rights unless (i) the voting rights are granted by a majority vote of all outstanding shares other than those held by the acquiring person or any officer or employee director of the corporation or (ii) the articles of incorporation or bylaws of the corporation provide that these Virginia law provisions do not apply to acquisitions of its shares. The acquiring person may require that a special meeting of the shareholders be held to consider the grant of voting rights to the shares acquired in the control share acquisition. As permitted by Virginia law, our amended and restated articles of incorporation contain a provision opting out of the Virginia anti-takeover law regulating control share acquisitions. Indemnification and limitation of directors and officers liability We are a Virginia corporation. As permitted by Virginia law, our amended and restated articles of incorporation provide that no director or officer shall be liable in any proceeding brought by or in the right of us or our shareholders for monetary damages arising out of any transaction, occurrence or other course of conduct, except for liability resulting from willful misconduct or a knowing violation of criminal law or of any federal or state securities laws. Our amended and restated articles of incorporation require us to indemnify any director or officer who was or is a party to a proceeding, including a proceeding brought by or in the right of the Company, due to his or her status as our director or officer unless he or she engaged in willful misconduct or a knowing violation of criminal law. Our amended and restated articles of incorporation also require us to advance expenses to such person prior to the final disposition of any such proceeding. We have obtained policies that insure our directors and officers against certain liabilities they may incur in their capacity as directors and officers. We have entered into indemnification agreements with our directors and executive officers. These agreements contain provisions that may require us, among other things, to advance expenses to and indemnify these directors and officers against certain liabilities that may arise because of their status or service as directors or officers of us. 

</EX-4.7>

<EX-10.15>
 3
 coll-20221231xex10d15.htm
 EX-10.15

Exhibit 10.15 SECOND AMENDMENT TO LOAN AGREEMENT This Second Amendment to Loan Agreement (this Amendment ), dated as of February 6, 2023 (the Effective Date ), is entered into by and among COLLEGIUM PHARMACEUTICAL, INC., a Virginia corporation (as Borrower ), the Guarantors from time to time party thereto, BIOPHARMA CREDIT PLC, a public limited company incorporated under the laws of England and Wales (as the Collateral Agent ), BPCR LIMITED PARTNERSHIP, a limited partnership established under the laws of English and Wales (as a Lender and BIOPHARMA CREDIT INVESTMENTS V (MASTER) LP, a Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership acting by its general partner, BioPharma Credit Investments V GP LLC (as a Lender ). RECITALS WHEREAS, Borrower, Guarantors, the Collateral Agent and the Lenders have entered into that certain Amended and Restated Loan Agreement dated as of March 22, 2022 and amended by that certain Consent and First Amendment to Loan Agreement dated as of January 3, 2023 (as may be further amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Loan Agreement WHEREAS, Borrower requests that the Loan Agreement be amended to allow for the issuance of additional unsecured convertible notes on the terms set forth herein; and WHEREAS, in accordance with Section 11.5 of the Loan Agreement, Borrower (acting for its own behalf and on behalf of the other Credit Parties), Collateral Agent and the Lenders desire to amend the Loan Agreement on the terms and conditions set forth herein. AGREEMENT NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing recitals and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which is hereby acknowledged, and intending to be legally bound, the parties hereto agree as follows: SECTION 1. Definitions; Interpretation . All capitalized terms used in this Amendment (including in the recitals hereof) and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Loan Agreement. The rules of interpretation set forth in the first paragraph of Section 13.1 of the Loan Agreement shall be applicable to this Amendment and are incorporated herein by this reference. SECTION 2. Amendment to the Loan Agreement . (a) Section 2.2(c) of the Loan Agreement shall be amended by adding the following sub-clause (iii): (iii) Prior to any prepayment, repurchase, redemption or similar action, of the Permitted Convertible Indebtedness in accordance with its terms (the Convertible Indebtedness Redemption which occurs prior to the Term Loan Maturity Date, Borrower shall promptly, and in any event no later than fifteen (15) days prior to the consummation of such Convertible Indebtedness Redemption, notify the Collateral Agent 

in writing of the expected occurrence of such Convertible Indebtedness Redemption, which notice shall include the date on which Borrower shall (subject to the occurrence of any events expressly set forth therein) prepay in full all of the Term Loans advanced by Lenders under this Agreement and reasonable detail as to the nature, timing and other circumstances of such Convertible Indebtedness Redemption (such notice, a Convertible Indebtedness Redemption Notice ). Borrower shall prepay in full all of the Term Loans advanced by Lenders under this Agreement, in accordance with the terms of the Term Loan Notes, no later than five (5) days prior to the Convertible Indebtedness Redemption, in an amount equal to the sum of (A) all unpaid principal and any and all accrued and unpaid interest with respect to the Term Loans, and (B) any applicable amounts payable with respect to the prepayment under this Section 2.2(c)(iii) pursuant to Section 2.2(e) and Section 2.2(f) (as applicable) and all other amounts payable or accrued and not yet paid under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents (including pursuant to Section 2.4 ). The Collateral Agent will promptly notify each Lender of its receipt of the Convertible Indebtedness Redemption Notice, and the amount of such Lender s Applicable Percentage of such prepayment. Notwithstanding the foregoing, none of the following shall be deemed to be a Convertible Indebtedness Redemption: (u) any prepayment, repurchase, redemption or similar action of the Permitted Convertible Indebtedness using cash proceeds of any issuance of Permitted Convertible Indebtedness (and any cash proceeds received pursuant to the exercise, early unwind or termination of any Permitted Equity Derivatives in connection with such prepayment, repurchase, redemption or action), provided , however , that such issuance occurs not more than ninety (90) days preceding such prepayment, repurchase, redemption or action; (v) any prepayment, repurchase, redemption or similar action of the Permitted Convertible Indebtedness using cash proceeds of any issuance of Equity Interests (and any cash proceeds received pursuant to the exercise, early unwind or termination of any Permitted Equity Derivatives in connection with such prepayment, repurchase, redemption or action), provided , however , that such issuance occurs not more than ninety (90) days preceding such prepayment, repurchase, redemption or action; (w) the conversion by holders of Permitted Convertible Indebtedness (including any cash payment upon conversion) or required payment of any interest with respect to any Permitted Convertible Indebtedness, in each case, in accordance with the terms of the indenture or other documentation governing such Permitted Convertible Indebtedness, (x) cash payments to redeem any Permitted Convertible Indebtedness; provided , however , that the closing price per share of Borrower s publicly-traded common stock on the Trading Day immediately prior to the day on which Borrower delivers the redemption notice pursuant to the terms of the indenture governing such Permitted Convertible Indebtedness is a least 1.2 times the conversion price of such Permitted Convertible Indebtedness; (y) the exchange of existing Permitted Convertible Indebtedness for (1) new Permitted Convertible Indebtedness (or the cash proceeds from the issuance of such new Permitted Convertible Indebtedness) to the extent such new Permitted Convertible Indebtedness is permitted to be issued under the terms of this Agreement and to the extent that such new Permitted Convertible Indebtedness bears interest at a rate per annum not to exceed five percent (5.0 (any such new Permitted Convertible Indebtedness, the Refinancing Convertible Debt ), (2) Equity Interests, (3) the cash proceeds, if any, received pursuant to the exercise, early unwind or termination of any Permitted Equity Derivatives entered into in connection with such existing Permitted Convertible Indebtedness, or (4) cash in respect of accrued and unpaid interest on such exchanged existing Permitted Convertible Indebtedness; or (z) the delivery of Equity Interests and cash in lieu of fractional shares or 

in respect of accrued and unpaid interest to any holder of Permitted Convertible Indebtedness to induce such holder to convert Permitted Convertible Indebtedness in accordance with the terms of the indenture governing such Permitted Convertible Indebtedness. (b) Section 2.2(e) of the Loan Agreement shall be amended by deleting the phrase Section 2.2(c)(i) or Section 2.2(c)(ii) and replacing it with Section 2.2(c) . (c) Section 2.2(f) of the Loan Agreement shall be amended by deleting the phrase Section 2.2(c)(i) or Section 2.2(c)(ii) and replacing it with Section 2.2(c) . (d) Section 6.8 of the Loan Agreement shall be amended by deleting in its entirety clause (a) and replacing it as follows: (a) Pay any dividends or make any distribution or payment on, or redeem, retire or repurchase any of its Equity Interests (collectively, Restricted Payments ), except, in each case of this Section 6.8 , for Permitted Distributions and Permitted Equity Derivatives. (e) Section 6.10 of the Loan Agreement shall be amended by deleting Section 6.10 in its entirety and replacing it as follows: Subordinated Debt; Permitted Convertible Indebtedness . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement: (a) Make or permit any voluntary or optional prepayment or repayment of the outstanding principal amount of any Subordinated Debt other than in accordance with the express terms of a subordination, intercreditor or other similar agreement relating to such Subordinated Debt, if any, that is in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent; (b) Make or permit any payment of interest (including accrued and unpaid interest) in cash on or in respect of any Subordinated Debt at any time that a Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing other than in accordance with the express terms of a subordination, intercreditor or other similar agreement relating to such Subordinated Debt, if any, that is in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent; or (c) Amend, restate, supplement or otherwise modify any terms, conditions or other provisions of any Subordinated Debt, or any agreement, instrument or other document relating thereto, in any manner which would contravene in any respect any of the foregoing or adversely affect the payment or priority subordination thereof (as applicable) to Obligations owed to Lenders, in each case except under the terms of the subordination, intercreditor, or other similar agreement to which such Subordinated Debt, if any, is subject, without the prior written consent of the Collateral Agent (in its sole discretion). 

(d) Directly or indirectly make (or exercise any option with respect thereto) any payment, prepayment, repurchase or redemption for cash of any Permitted Convertible Indebtedness, other than to the extent made solely with the proceeds of any issuance of Equity Interests or Permitted Convertible Indebtedness or any cash proceeds received pursuant to the exercise, early unwind or termination of any Permitted Equity Derivatives in connection with such payment, prepayment, repurchase or redemption, provided , that nothing in this Section 6.10(d) shall prohibit or otherwise restrict (i) scheduled cash interest payments, (ii) required cash payments of accrued but unpaid interest upon repurchase, redemption or exchange thereof, (iii) cash payments in lieu of any fractional share issuable upon conversion thereof, (iv) required cash payments of any amounts due upon the scheduled maturity thereof, (v) the payment of cash consideration in respect of any conversion of Permitted Convertible Indebtedness in accordance with the terms of such Permitted Convertible Indebtedness, (vi) cash payments to redeem any Permitted Convertible Indebtedness in accordance with Section 2.2(c)(iii)(x) (including the proviso therein), (vii) any other cash payments required in connection with a Permitted Transaction or any cash payments made pursuant to, and in accordance with the terms of, a transaction described in Section 2.2(c)(iii)(y)(4) or Section 2.2(c)(iii)(z), or (viii) any ordinary course fees or other expenses in connection therewith. (f) Section 7.1 of the Loan Agreement shall be amended by adding the phrase or Section 2.2(c)(iii) after each of the two references to Section 2.2(c)(ii) therein. (g) Article 7 of the Loan Agreement shall be amended by adding the following as Section 7.11 thereof: 7.11 Intercreditor Agreement . A material default or breach occurs under any subordination, intercreditor or other similar agreement with respect to any (x) Permitted Indebtedness that constitutes Subordinated Debt or (y) Permitted Convertible Indebtedness, or any creditor party to any such agreement with the Collateral Agent (or Lenders) and any Credit Party breaches the terms of such agreement in any material respect; provided , that material defaults or breaches for the purposes of this Section 7.11 shall include breaches of payment, enforcement and subordination provisions or restrictions. For the avoidance of doubt, default or breaches by any Secured Party shall not constitute an Event of Default hereunder. (h) The Loan Agreement shall be amended by deleting in its entirety the Collateral Agent s notice details in Article 9 of the Loan Agreement and replacing them as follows: BioPharma Credit Plc c/o Link Group, Company Matters Ltd. 6th Floor 65 Gresham Street London EC2V 7NQ United Kingdom Attn: Company Secretary Tel: +44 01 392 477 500 Fax: +44 01 392 438 288 

Email: biopharmacreditplc@linkgroup.com.uk with copies (which shall not constitute notice) to: Pharmakon Advisors, LP 110 East 59 th Street, #2800 New York, NY 10022 Attn: Pedro Gonzalez de Cosio Phone: +1 (212) 883-2296 Fax: +1 (917) 210-4048 Email: Pharmakon@pharmakonadvisors.com and Akin Gump Strauss Hauer Feld LLP One Bryant Park New York, NY 10036-6745 Attn: Geoffrey E. Secol Phone: +1 (212) 872-8081 Fax: +1 (212) 872-1002 Email: gsecol@akingump.com (i) Section 13.1 of the Loan Agreement shall be amended by adding the following phrase at the end of the definition of Contingent Obligation: Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the foregoing, Permitted Equity Derivatives shall not constitute a Contingent Obligation. (j) Section 13.1 of the Loan agreement shall be amended by adding the following phrase at the end of the definition of Hedging Agreement: Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the foregoing, any Permitted Equity Derivative shall not constitute a Hedging Agreement. (k) Section 13.1 of the Loan Agreement shall be amended by deleting the phrase (including debt securities convertible into Equity Interests) from clause (d) of the definition of Indebtedness and replacing it with (including debt securities convertible into Equity Interests, including Permitted Convertible Indebtedness) . (l) Section 13.1 of the Loan Agreement shall be amended by adding the following phrase at the end of the definition of Indebtedness: For the avoidance of doubt, Indebtedness shall include Permitted Convertible Indebtedness, but shall not include any Permitted Equity Derivative. (m) Section 13.1 of the Loan Agreement shall be amended by adding the following as new clause (p) of the definition of Permitted Distributions and re-numbering clause (p) of such definition as clause (q) thereof: 

(p) solely in connection with Permitted Convertible Indebtedness (including new Refinancing Convertible Debt exchanged therefor in accordance with Section 2.2(c)(iii)(y) ), the Credit Parties or its Subsidiaries may enter into Permitted Equity Derivatives, including the payment of customary premiums which are reasonable in amount (as reasonably determined by the Borrower in good faith) in connection therewith (and may settle, terminate or unwind any (or any portion of) such Permitted Equity Derivatives in connection with any refinancing, repurchase, redemption, early conversion or maturity of such Permitted Convertible Indebtedness); and (n) Section 13.1 of the Loan Agreement shall be amended by deleting clause (q) of the definition of Permitted Investments in its entirety and replacing it with the following clause (q) and adding the following new clause (r) thereof: (q) repurchases or redemptions of Indebtedness not prohibited under Section 6.4 or acquisitions of Permitted Convertible Indebtedness deemed to occur upon conversions of Permitted Convertible Indebtedness pursuant to, and in accordance with the terms of, such Permitted Convertible Indebtedness; and (r) to the extent constituting an Investment, any Permitted Equity Derivative, including the payment of customary premiums which are reasonable in amount (as reasonably determined in good faith by a Responsible Officer of Borrower) in connection therewith; (o) Section 13.1 of the Loan Agreement shall be amended by adding the following as new clause (j) of the definition of Permitted Transfers and re-numbering clause (j) of such definition as clause (l) thereof: (j) any unwind, settlement or termination of any Permitted Equity Derivative; (p) Section 13.1 of the Loan Agreement shall be amended by deleting clause (c) of the definition of Permitted Indebtedness in its entirety and replacing it with the following: (c) Permitted Convertible Indebtedness not to exceed 275,000,000 in aggregate principal amount outstanding at the time of incurrence thereof; provided that Permitted Convertible Indebtedness will not be deemed to be outstanding, to the extent that in connection with the issuance of any Refinancing Convertible Debt permitted under Section 2.2(c)(iii)(y) , the Permitted Convertible Indebtedness to be exchanged therefor is cancelled within five (5) Business Days of the issuance of such Refinancing Convertible Debt; (q) Section 13.1 of the Loan Agreement shall be amended by deleting clause (t) of the definition of Permitted Indebtedness in its entirety and replacing it with the following: (t) subject to the proviso immediately below, extensions, refinancings, modifications, amendments, restatements and, solely in the case of any items of Permitted Indebtedness in clause (b) above or any Permitted Indebtedness constituting notes governed by an indenture, exchanges, of any items of Permitted Indebtedness described in clauses (a) through (s) above, so long as , in each instance, the principal amount thereof is not increased (other than by any reasonable amount of premium (if any), interest (including 

post-petition interest), fees, expenses, charges or additional or contingent interest reasonably incurred in connection with the same and the terms thereof) and, solely in the instance of any Subordinated Debt permitted under the definition of Permitted Indebtedness , the maturity thereof is not shortened; provided , that in the case of any Indebtedness permitted under clause (c) above, (x) the maturity thereof is not shortened to before the date that is six (6) months following the Term Loan Maturity Date, (y) the aggregate principal amount of such Indebtedness at the time of, and taking into effect, such extension, refinancing, renewal, modification, amendment, restatement or exchange, together with all other Permitted Convertible Indebtedness then-outstanding, does not exceed 275,000,000, provided that Permitted Convertible Indebtedness will not be deemed to be outstanding, to the extent that in connection with the issuance of any Refinancing Convertible Debt permitted under Section 2.2(c)(iii)(y) , the Permitted Convertible Indebtedness to be exchanged therefor is cancelled within five (5) Business Days of the issuance of such Refinancing Convertible Debt;, and (z) there is no change to or addition of any direct or indirect obligor with respect thereto unless such new obligor thereto is or shall become a Guarantor hereunder. (r) Section 13.1 of the Loan Agreement shall be amended by adding the following phrase at the end of the definition of Subordinated Debt: Notwithstanding the foregoing, Permitted Convertible Indebtedness shall not constitute Subordinated Debt hereunder. (s) Section 13.1 of the Loan Agreement shall be amended by adding the following definitions in alphabetical order: Convertible Indebtedness Redemption is defined in Section 2.2(c)(iii) . Convertible Indebtedness Redemption Notice is defined in Section 2.2(c)(iii) . Permitted Convertible Indebtedness means (x) Indebtedness outstanding under the 2026 Convertible Notes, and (y) Indebtedness of Borrower or any Subsidiary of Borrower that is a Credit Party having a feature which entitles the holder thereof in certain circumstances to convert or exchange all or a portion of such Indebtedness into Equity Interests in Borrower or such Subsidiary (or other securities or property following a merger event or other change of the common stock of Borrower or such Subsidiary), cash or any combination of cash and such Equity Interests (or such other securities or property) based on the market price of such Equity Interests (or such other securities or property); provided , however , that (a) such Indebtedness shall be unsecured, (b) such Indebtedness shall not be guaranteed by any Subsidiary of Borrower, (c) such Indebtedness shall bear interest at a rate per annum not to exceed five percent (5.0 ), (d) such Indebtedness shall not include covenants and defaults (other than covenants and defaults customary for convertible indebtedness but not customary for loans, as determined by Borrower in its good faith judgment) that are, taken as a whole, more restrictive on the Credit Parties than the provisions of this Agreement (as determined by Borrower in its good faith judgment), (e) immediately prior to and after giving effect to the incurrence of such Indebtedness, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or could reasonably be expected to occur as a result therefrom (after giving effect to this Agreement), (f) such 

Indebtedness shall not (i) mature or be mandatorily redeemable, pursuant to a sinking fund obligation or otherwise, (ii) be redeemable at the option of the holder thereof, in whole or in part or (iii) provide for the scheduled payment of dividends or distributions (other than scheduled cash interest payments) in cash, in each case of the foregoing sub-clauses (i) , (ii) and (iii) , earlier than six (6) months after the Term Loan Maturity Date (it being understood, for the avoidance of doubt, that (w) a redemption right of Borrower or such Subsidiary in respect of such Indebtedness, (x) conversion rights of holders in respect of such Indebtedness, (y) acceleration rights of holders of such Indebtedness upon the occurrence of an event of default specified in the agreement governing such Indebtedness and (z) the obligation to pay customary amounts to holders of such Indebtedness in connection with a change of control or fundamental change , in each case, shall not be considered in connection with the determination of scheduled maturity date for purposes of this clause (f) ); (g) immediately after giving effect to the creation, incurrence or assumption of any such Indebtedness (and any prepayment, repurchase or redemption of any existing Permitted Convertible Indebtedness using cash proceeds of the issuance of such Indebtedness (and any cash proceeds received pursuant to the exercise, early unwind or termination of any Permitted Equity Derivatives in connection with such prepayment, repurchase or redemption)), the aggregate principal amount of all Permitted Convertible Indebtedness then-outstanding shall not exceed 275,000,000, provided that Permitted Convertible Indebtedness will not be deemed to be outstanding, to the extent that in connection with the issuance of any Refinancing Convertible Debt permitted under Section 2.2(c)(iii)(y) , the Permitted Convertible Indebtedness to be exchanged therefor is cancelled within five (5) Business Days of the issuance of such Refinancing Convertible Debt; and (h) Borrower shall have delivered to the Collateral Agent a certificate of a Responsible Officer of Borrower certifying as to the foregoing clauses (a) through (g) above with respect to any such Indebtedness. Permitted Equity Derivative means any call or capped option (or substantively equivalent equity derivative transaction) or call spread transaction relating to the Equity Interests of Borrower or any other Credit Party purchased by Borrower or such Credit Party in connection with the issuance of Permitted Convertible Indebtedness (including new Refinancing Convertible Debt exchanged therefor in accordance with Section 2.2(c)(iii)(y)) by Borrower or such other Credit Party, provided , that the purchase price for such call or capped option does not exceed the net cash proceeds received by Borrower or such other Credit Party from the issuance of such Permitted Convertible Indebtedness (including such Refinancing Convertible Debt). Permitted Transactions means the transactions described in sub-clauses (w) , (x) , (y) and (z) of Section 2.2(c)(iii) hereof. Trading Day means a day on which exchanges in the United States are open for the buying and selling of securities. SECTION 3. Representations and Warranties; Reaffirmation . (a) Borrower hereby represents and warrants to each Lender and the Collateral Agent as follows:

(i) Borrower has all requisite power and authority to enter into this Amendment and to carry out the transactions contemplated hereby. (ii) This Amendment has been duly executed and delivered by Borrower and is the legally valid and binding obligation of such Person, enforceable against such Person in accordance with its respective terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws relating to or limiting creditors rights generally or by general principles of equity. (iii) The execution, delivery and performance by Borrower of this Amendment have been duly authorized and do not and will not: (A) conflict with any of such Person s Operating Documents, (B) contravene, conflict with, constitute a default under or violate any material Requirements of Law, (C) contravene, conflict, result in any breach of, or require any payment to be made under any provision of any security issued by such Person or of any agreement, instrument or other undertaking to which such Person is a party or affecting such Person or the assets or properties of such Person or any of its Subsidiaries, or violate any applicable order, writ, judgment, injunction, decree, determination or award of any Governmental Authority by which Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or any of its or their respective properties or assets may be bound, (D) require any action by, filing, registration, or qualification with, or Governmental Approval from, any Governmental Authority (except such Governmental Approvals which have already been obtained and are in full force and effect), (E) constitute a material breach of or a material default or an event of default (or the equivalent thereof, however described) under, or could be reasonably be expected to give rise to the cancellation, termination or invalidation of or the acceleration of such Person s or any Subsidiary s obligations under any Material Contract or (F) require any approval, consent, exemption or authorization, or other action by, or notice to, or filing with, any Person other than a Governmental Authority, including such Person s stockholders, members or partners, (except such approvals, consents, exemptions, authorizations, actions, notices and filings which have been or will be duly obtained, taken, given or made on or before the Effective Date and are in full force and effect). (iv) Both before and immediately after giving effect to this Amendment, no Event of Default or Default has occurred and is continuing. (b) Borrower hereby ratifies, confirms, reaffirms, and acknowledges its obligations under the Loan Documents to which it is a party and agrees that the Loan Documents remain in full force and effect, undiminished by this Amendment, except as expressly provided herein. By executing this Amendment, Borrower acknowledges that it has read, consulted with its attorneys regarding, and understands, this Amendment.
 
 SECTION 4. References to and Effect on Loan Agreement . Except as specifically set forth herein, this Amendment shall not modify or in any way or affect any of the terms, conditions, covenants, representations and warranties contained in the Loan Agreement, or any of the rights of the Lenders and the Collateral Agent therein, which shall remain in full force and effect and is hereby ratified and confirmed in all respects. Except as specifically set forth herein, the execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Amendment shall not directly or indirectly (i) constitute a consent or waiver of any past, present or future breaches, violations or defaults of or under any provisions of the Loan Agreement nor constitute a novation of any of the Obligations under the Loan Agreement, (ii) amend, modify or operate as a waiver of any provision of the Loan 

Agreement or any right, power or remedy of any Lender or the Collateral Agent, or (iii) constitute a course of dealing or other basis for altering the Loan Agreement or any other Loan Document. Except as set forth herein, each of the Lenders and the Collateral Agent reserves all of its rights, powers, and remedies under the Loan Documents and Requirements of Law. SECTION 5. Governing Law; Venue; Jury Trial Waiver . This Amendment shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the law of the State of New York. The provisions of Section 10 Choice of Law, Venue and Jury Trial Waiver of the Loan Agreement shall apply hereto as if more fully set forth herein as if references therein to this Agreement were references to this Amendment. SECTION 6. Counterparts . This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties on separate counterparts, each of which, when executed and delivered, is an original, and all taken together, constitute one Amendment. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Amendment by facsimile or other electronic imaging means (e.g. pdf or tif shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Amendment. The words execution, signed, signature, and words of like import in this Amendment shall be deemed to include electronic signatures or electronic records, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for under any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act. [Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , each of the undersigned has caused this Amendment to be duly executed and delivered as of the date first above written. COLLEGIUM PHARMACEUTICAL INC., as Borrower By: /s/ Joseph Ciaffoni Name: Joseph Ciaffoni Title: President and Chief Executive Officer COLLEGIUM SECURITIES CORPORATION, as an additional Credit Party By: /s/ Joseph Ciaffoni Name: Joseph Ciaffoni Title: President 
 
 [Signature Page to Second Amendment to Loan Agreement] 

BIOPHARMA CREDIT PLC, as Collateral Agent By: Pharmakon Advisors, LP, its Investment Manager By: Pharmakon Management I, LLC, its General Partner By /s/ Pedro Gonzalez de Cosio Name: Pedro Gonzalez de Cosio Title: Managing Member BPCR LIMITED PARTNERSHIP, as a Lender By: Pharmakon Advisors, LP, its Investment Manager By: Pharmakon Management I, LLC, its General Partner By /s/ Pedro Gonzalez de Cosio Name: Pedro Gonzalez de Cosio Title: Managing Member BIOPHARMA CREDIT INVESTMENTS V (MASTER) LP, as a Lender By: Pharmakon Advisors, LP, its Investment Manager By: Pharmakon Management I, LLC, its General Partner By /s/ Pedro Gonzalez de Cosio Name: Pedro Gonzalez de Cosio Title: Managing Member 
 
 [Signature Page to Second Amendment to Loan Agreement] 

</EX-10.15>

<EX-21.1>
 4
 coll-20221231xex21d1.htm
 EX-21.1

Exhibit 21.1 Subsidiaries of Collegium Pharmaceutical, Inc. 

Subsidiary Jurisdiction of Incorporation Collegium Securities Corporation Massachusetts Collegium NF, LLC Delaware BioDelivery Sciences International, Inc. Delaware Arius Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Delaware Arius Two, Inc. Delaware 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 5
 coll-20221231xex23d1.htm
 EX-23.1

Exhibit 23.1 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement Nos. 333-237200 on Form S-3 and Registration Statement Nos. 333-207744, 333-218767, 333-225498, 333-233092, 333-245649, 333-258752, and 333-266778 on Form S-8 of our reports dated February 23, 2023, relating to the financial statements of Collegium Pharmaceutical, Inc. (the Company ), and the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Collegium Pharmaceutical, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. /s/ Deloitte Touche LLP Boston, Massachusetts February 23, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 coll-20221231xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31.1 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Joseph Ciaffoni, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Collegium Pharmaceutical, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

 /s/ JOSEPH CIAFFONI Joseph Ciaffoni President and Chief Executive Officer 
 Dated: February 23, 2023 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 coll-20221231xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 31.2 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Colleen Tupper, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Collegium Pharmaceutical, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

 /s/ COLLEEN TUPPER Colleen Tupper Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 Dated: February 23, 2023 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 coll-20221231xex32d1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the annual report on Form 10-K of Collegium Pharmaceutical, Inc. (the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, Joseph Ciaffoni, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to his knowledge: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

 /s/ JOSEPH CIAFFONI Joseph Ciaffoni President and Chief Executive Officer 
 Date: February 23, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 coll-20221231xex32d2.htm
 EX-32.2

Exhibit 32.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the annual report on Form 10-K of Collegium Pharmaceutical, Inc. (the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, Colleen Tupper, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to her knowledge: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

 /s/ COLLEEN TUPPER Colleen Tupper Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 Date: February 23, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 coll-20221231.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 13
 coll-20221231_cal.xml
 EX-101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 coll-20221231_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 15
 coll-20221231_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 16
 coll-20221231_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

