<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230314_10-K_edgar_data_1822359_0001213900-23-019936.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9343146</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>435682</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1857604</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2222417</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2306310</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2249135</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>15</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-019936.hdr.sgml : 20230314
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230314161605
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-019936
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		114
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230314
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230314

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			DocGo Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001822359
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-HEALTH SERVICES [8000]
		IRS NUMBER:				852515483
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39618
		FILM NUMBER:		23731183

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		35TH STREET WEST 35TH
		STREET 2:		FLOOR 6
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10001
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(844) 443-6246

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		35TH STREET WEST 35TH
		STREET 2:		FLOOR 6
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10001

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Motion Acquisition Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200824

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-019936.txt : 20230314

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_docgoinc.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from to 

Commission File Number 

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its
Charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number,
including area code: 

Securities registered pursuant
to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered The Stock Market LLC 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. YES NO 

Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. YES NO 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant:
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. YES NO 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files). YES NO 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the Registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). YES NO 

The aggregate market value of the voting and
non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the Registrant as of June 30, 2022, based on the closing price of the shares of
common stock on The Nasdaq Stock Market as of such date was . Shares of common stock held by each executive officer and
director and by each person who is known to own 10 or more of the outstanding common stock have been excluded in that such persons
may be deemed to be affiliates of the Registrant. This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive
determination for other purposes. 

The number of shares of Registrant s Common
Stock outstanding as of March 10, 2023 was . 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Portions of the Registrant s Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual
Meeting of Stockholders are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K where indicated. The Registrant
expects to file such proxy statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days of the Registrant s fiscal year
ended December 31, 2022. 

Table of Contents 

Page 
 
 PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 
 12 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 48 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 
 48 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 48 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 48 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 49 
 
 Item 6. 
 Reserved 
 
 49 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 49 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 62 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 62 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 63 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 63 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 
 64 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 64 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 65 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 65 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 65 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 
 65 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 65 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 66 
 
 Item 16 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 
 68 

i 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking
Statements 

This Annual Report on Form
10-K includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), regarding, among other things, the plans, strategies,
outcomes, and prospects, both business and financial, of the Company. These statements are based on the beliefs and assumptions of our
management. Although the Company believes that its plans, intentions and expectations reflected in or suggested by these forward-looking
statements are reasonable, the Company cannot assure you that it will achieve or realize these plans, intentions, outcomes or expectations.
Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to substantial risks, uncertainties and assumptions, many of which are beyond our control,
and which may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in our forward-looking statements. Accordingly, you should
not place undue reliance on such statements. All statements other than statements of historical fact are forward-looking. Forward-looking
statements include, but are not limited to, statements concerning possible or assumed future actions, business strategies, plans, goals,
future events, future revenues or performance, financing needs, business trends, results of operations, objectives and intentions with
respect to future operations, services and products, including our transition to non-COVID related services, geographic expansion, normalization
initiative, new and existing contracts, M A activity, workforce growth, leadership transition, cash position, share repurchase program,
our competitive position and opportunities, including our ability to realize the benefits from our operating model, and others. In some
cases, these statements may be preceded by, followed by or include the words believes, estimates, expects, 
 projects, forecasts, may, might, will, should, could, 
 can, would, design, potential, seeks, plans, scheduled, 
 anticipates, intends or the negative of these terms or similar expressions. 

Forward-looking statements
are not guarantees of performance and speak only as of the date the statements are made. While DocGo believes that these forward-looking
statements are reasonable, there can be no assurance that DocGo will achieve or realize these plans, intentions, outcomes or expectations.
You should understand that the following important factors, in addition to those discussed under the heading Risk Factors 
and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, could affect the future results and prospects of DocGo and could cause those results
or other outcomes to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements in this Annual Report on Form
10-K. 

We undertake no intent or
obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether because of new information, future events, or otherwise. 

ii 

Risk Factors Summary 

Risks Related to DocGo s Business Strategy 

DocGo s failure to successfully implement its business strategy could adversely affect its business. 

DocGo relies on its contractual relationships with healthcare provider partners and other strategic partners. 

DocGo incurs significant up-front costs in its client relationships and any inability to maintain and grow these client relationships over time or to recover these costs could adversely affect its business. 

Risks Related
to DocGo s Business and Industry 

The COVID-19 pandemic has materially impacted DocGo s business. 

DocGo s faces a high level of competition in its industry and its revenue could be adversely affected if it loses some or all of its business under existing contracts. 

Risks Related
to DocGo s Limited Operating History 

DocGo has a limited operating history and has a history of losses and expects its operating expenses to increase significantly in the future, 

DocGo may not be able to effectively manage its growth. 

DocGo s reduced disclosure requirements may make its Common Stock less attractive to investors. 

Risks Related to Information Technology 

DocGo relies on data center providers, Internet infrastructure, bandwidth providers, third-party hardware and software, other third parties and its own systems, some of which contain open-source software, to provide services to its clients. 

DocGo s proprietary software may not operate properly, or it may not be able to implement its solution for clients or resolve technical issues in a timely manner. 

Security breaches, loss of data and other disruptions could compromise sensitive business, customer or patient information or prevent DocGo from accessing critical information and expose it to liability. 

Risks Related
to DocGo s Operations 

DocGo s success depends on its key management personnel as well as its ability to successfully recruit, train and retain qualified healthcare professionals and its labor costs are significant. 

DocGo s inability to collect on its receivables or unfavorable payor mix could adversely affect its business. 

DocGo may not accurately assess the costs it will incur under new revenue opportunities. 

DocGo may not be able to successfully develop new offerings and technologies, or its marketing efforts may not be effective. 

iii 

DocGo is required to make capital expenditures in order to remain compliant and competitive. 

DocGo s international operations subject it to additional risks that could adversely affect its business. 

DocGo could be adversely affected by natural disasters, other catastrophic events and cybersecurity incidents. 

Rising inflation may negatively impact DocGo s business and financial results. 

Risks Related
to DocGo s Intellectual Property 

DocGo s failure to
 protect or enforce its intellectual property rights, including from claims of infringement, could adversely affect its
 business. 

Risks Related
to DocGo s Legal and Regulatory Environment 

DocGo could be subject to lawsuits for which it does not have sufficient reserves. 

DocGo is subject to a variety of federal, state and local laws and regulatory regimes. 

Changes in tax laws, unanticipated tax liabilities; accounting rules, assumptions or judgements could adversely affect DocGo, including its effective tax rate, ability to utilize its net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes. 

DocGo s internal control over financial reporting may not be effective. 

DocGo conducts business in a heavily regulated industry and any failure to comply with these laws and government regulations, including laws governing the transmission, security and privacy of health information, or any changes to these laws, could negatively affect DocGo. 

DocGo must be properly enrolled in governmental healthcare programs to receive reimbursement, and reductions in Medicare reimbursement rates or state and federal efforts to reduce Medicaid spending could have a material adverse effect on DocGo. 

DocGo has been and could become the subject of federal and state investigations and compliance reviews, and its business practices may be found to constitute illegal fee-splitting or corporate practice of medicine. 

Risks Related
to DocGo s Indebtedness 

DocGo s future indebtedness could reduce the funds that would otherwise be available for other corporate purposes, and it may still be able to incur substantially more debt. 

DocGo may be forced to take various actions to satisfy its obligations under its current and future indebtedness, and the terms of its current and future indebtedness may restrict its operations. 

Risk Relating to the Ownership of DocGo Common
Stock 

Nasdaq may delist DocGo s securities from trading on its exchange. 

The market price and trading volume of Common Stock may be volatile and you may not receive any return on your investment in DocGo s Common Stock. 

Provisions in DocGo s organizational documents could delay or prevent a change of control or limit stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with DocGo or its directors, officers, employees or stockholders. 

iv 

PART I 

Item 1. Business. 

Our Company 

DocGo, Inc. DocGo, we, us, 
 our and the Company aims to redefine access to healthcare. We strive to deliver high-quality, cost-effective healthcare
mobility solutions and unlock the further promise and potential of telehealth treatment through our last-mile care capabilities.
We do so by leveraging our proprietary technology platform powered by artificial intelligence AI ), and our network of healthcare
professionals, which has provided service in 29 states and in the United Kingdom. We often provide our services in collaboration
with leading healthcare organizations, via long-term relationships that are intended to drive meaningful revenue, help provide efficient
and effective capital allocation and create low-risk opportunities for significant growth. 

Our
mission is to provide high quality, highly accessible healthcare for all, empowering the delivery of medical transportation and mobile
healthcare outside the traditional brick-and-mortar facilities, with more accessible, affordable, and efficient patient-centered
care. Since our founding in 2015, through more than 8 million patient interactions, we have created a care delivery model that helps
provide better care outside of the physical walls of the healthcare system. We began by developing a state-of-the-art, intuitive platform
designed to drive greater efficiency and improved access to patient care. Our innovative technology can change the way healthcare facilities
manage patient transportation and eliminate many of the common obstacles faced when scheduling service, ultimately freeing medical professionals
to focus more time and their valuable resources on what they do best providing patient care. Additionally, in certain
markets, our Mobile Health in-person care model facilitates medical treatment directly to patients in the comfort of their homes,
workplaces, and other non-traditional locations. Working under the guidance of prescribing physicians, our network (which includes
both company employees and personnel from a variety of subcontracted labor agencies and some independent contractors) of more than 5,000
medical clinicians including Emergency Medical Technicians EMTs ), paramedics, licensed practical nurses LPNs ),
registered nurses RNs Advanced Practice Providers APPs and support staff, provides a wide range of tests,
procedures and interventions that previously required a visit to a traditional healthcare setting. 

1 

Our Segments 

Mobile Health Solutions 

The traditional healthcare model requires patients to interact with
many levels of healthcare providers including receptionists, nurses, lab technicians and physicians for
even the most routine tests, procedures and interventions. We recognized that a number of these services could easily be performed by
EMTs, paramedics and LPNs under the guidance of physicians, but in the comfort of a patient s home or workplace. Our patient-centered
approach helps limit the need for individuals to seek routine treatment in more expensive and environmentally exposed, less comfortable
settings such as emergency departments and urgent care clinics. In addition to providing greater convenience to patients, our Mobile Health solutions
help reduce unnecessary burdens on healthcare systems, by freeing up their finite, in-person resources to address more urgent and
critical patient needs. DocGo s Mobile Health clinical services, which we expanded into the home and workplace in 2020, facilitate
medical care via a turnkey suite of integrated, last-mile solutions. Through DocGo On-Demand and additional Mobile Health
programs including expanded population offerings, we provide holistic health, social and shelter coordination services to underserved
communities. Our services and solutions include on-site evaluation, diagnostics, triage, and treatment as detailed in the following
table: 

As
patients seek more efficient, more convenient healthcare options, we believe our virtual care-enabling solutions are poised for significant
growth, by delivering in-person patient care previously inaccessible outside of the more traditional healthcare settings. We partner
with leading national health systems, insurance carriers, private organizations and employers, state and local governments and managed
care organizations, to provide our Mobile Health solutions, including NYC Health + Hospitals, New York City Department of Homeless Services,
Dollar General, and Mount Sinai Health System. For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, we generated approximately 74.0 of our
revenues from the solutions provided by our Mobile Health segment. 

The
success of our care delivery model is reflected in our NPS, or Net Promoter Score, which is one of the most widely accepted standards
of customer experience metrics. Scores are measured from a range of -100 to +100 with scores over 30 commonly viewed as good and
over 50 considered excellent. Our Q4 mobile health NPS score was 76, which is a testament to our customers strong perception
regarding the value of DocGo s services. 

Transportation
Services 

DocGo s digitally-enabled medical mobility solutions are offered
under the Ambulnz brand. We help provide reliable, efficient access to local clinical services, including primary and specialty care,
dialysis treatments for chronic care management, and transfers between clinical settings. Every vehicle in our fleet is equipped with
our proprietary technology platform, which is integrated with some of the nation s largest electronic medical record EMR systems. 

2 

This integration is
designed to provide seamless transfer of electronic patient information and discharge data to our healthcare provider customers,
which helps improve order speed and accuracy, and helps eliminate a myriad of manual processes. Consequently, our healthcare
facility customers are better able to order, track and manage transportation requests and patient movement, thereby enhancing
utilization of resources and cost. Our ShareLink TM technology is designed to provide our healthcare partners and patients
with real-time vehicle locations and accurate estimated time of arrivals and helps deliver valuable peace of mind. As of December
31, 2022, we had 381 ambulances in service throughout the United States, and more than 300 in the United Kingdom. For the fiscal
year ended December 31, 2022, we generated approximately 26.0 of our revenues from this segment. 

Human Capital Resources 

We
strive to hire the best talent across our industry, with a focus on inspiring performance. As of December 31, 2022, we had over 3,200
employees, including healthcare professionals, field management personnel and corporate support staff, as represented in the table below.
Healthcare professionals consist of EMTs, paramedics, LPNs, RNs, APPs, clinicians and related support staff; field management personnel
includes supervisors and managers; and corporate support staff includes software development, billing, finance, sales, marketing, and
executives. 

Full-time 
 Part-time 
 Total 
 
 Healthcare Professionals 
 1,570 
 1,180 
 2,750 
 
 Field Management 
 138 
 3 
 141 
 
 Corporate Support 
 356 
 5 
 361 
 
 Total 
 2,064 
 1,188 
 3,252 

None
of our employees are represented by a labor union or subject to any collective bargaining agreement. In addition to the employees
above, as of December 31, 2022, the Company engaged the services of approximately 2,135 people, primarily in the healthcare
professional area, through a variety of subcontracted labor agencies and some independent contractors. 

Recruiting 

We
consider our employees to be our most valuable assets. Our employee experience begins with identifying and attracting people who embody
our core values and share our vision to provide high-quality patient care. We are committed to building a company that our employees are
proud to be a part of, and fostering an environment in which our employees can grow, evolve and discover their existing and untapped potential.
We believe our focused approach to recruiting and developing talent allows us to attract strong candidates to continue growing and scaling
our business. 

Compensation and
Benefits 

Ongoing
evolution in the healthcare system and an aging population mean EMTs, paramedics and nurses are more critical to medical care than ever
before, yet EMTs and paramedics remain the lowest paid professionals in the chain of care. Most companies in the industry pay an hourly
wage only, and offer no benefits, often resulting in low employee morale, high turnover, and ultimately a less efficient business. We
take pride in our high-quality medical professionals and have created an attractive compensation model that demonstrates their vital importance
to our business and motivates them to deliver exceptional care. 

We offer a pay package which we believe is innovative within our industry.
In addition to base hourly wages, DocGo also offers employees bonuses based on certain performance metrics, medical insurance, paid time
off, and an equity incentive plan for our frontline clinicians with broad-based rank and file participation a program
that provides the opportunity to acquire an ownership stake in our company. This is in line with our belief that all of our employees
are partners in the business, and we want everyone to think like an owner, with the best long-term interests of the Company
and its shareholders as a driver of decision making. We believe that this approach makes us a more attractive employer and supports a
strong pipeline of top-tier talent across all levels of our company. 

3 

Employee Engagement 

We routinely monitor employee
satisfaction, and work to maintain an environment where employees can contribute and thrive. DocGo has been recognized for its excellent
workplace culture and employee satisfaction. One measure of this are the hundreds of positive reviews our employees have given DocGo on
leading recruitment websites. DocGo s employee rating on Indeed is currently 4.3 out of 5.0, and our employee rating on Glassdoor
is 4.8 out of 5.0 - ratings that are significantly higher than our industry averages . 

Training 

We
have also created a number of programs to foster the professional development of our employees and to help attract top-tier talent. To
help our staff continue to build clinical skills, we created a Medical Mentorship Program whereby EMTs and paramedics can learn advanced
medical techniques including phlebotomy, mobile ultrasound, EKG training, point of care testing, vaccine administration, and wound care.
Once certified, our employees can put these newly acquired skills to use while providing our Mobile Health services. 

Our
staff of ten training coordinators runs a robust, in-person onboarding program to help train employees and keep them up to date in relevant
procedures and protocols. We are an official American Heart Association Training Site and offer all of our employees in-house basic
life support (BLS), advanced cardiovascular life support (ACLS), and pediatric advanced life support (PALS) training and certification. 

We
have also implemented a virtual training program for company policy and procedures training, mandated OSHA training courses, hazardous
materials awareness, FEMA Incident Command Systems training (100, 200, 700, 800), clinical skills, customer service, diversity, HIPAA
regulations, safety and compliance, on-site traffic control, and annual documentation training. 

Our
drivers are additionally trained in emergency vehicle operator course (EVOC) and Coaching the Emergency Vehicle Operator (CEVO) 4 driver
training, vehicle maintenance incident reporting, transport risk assessment, critical care transport orientation, and fatigue abatement.
Our system is utilized for credential tracking and Continuous Quality Improvement, so that our staff maintains all required credentials
relevant to their positions with our company. 

Employees
and their supervisors are automatically notified at designated times of recertification deadlines. Course completion, assignments, and
other compliance requirements are tracked in this system as well. Verification monitoring ensures that all employees meet current state
requirements. This tool verifies Office of Inspector General OIG of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services HHS exclusions at the state and federal levels and performs sanction screening for licensed personnel and 24/7 monitoring
of state board licenses. 

Our
comprehensive training programs utilize a full range of resources, including print materials, training modules, webinars, seminars, and
videos provided by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, and federal, state, and local entities, medical institutions, and public
health agencies. 

In
December 2021, we launched DocGo EMS Academy, a full-service program dedicated to recruiting and training EMS clinicians. Combining
classroom education with practical hands-on learning, the programs are designed to help existing healthcare professionals advance
their careers and provide aspiring entry-level workers with the opportunity to enter the healthcare industry. DocGo EMS Academy is
tailored to EMS workers, from EMTs to paramedics. This comprehensive training program is available in select states and offers free
tuition for students who continue their employment with DocGo, which we anticipate could assist us in our recruiting efforts. 

4 

Merger with Motion Acquisition Corp. 

On November 5, 2021 (the Closing
Date ), DocGo Inc., a Delaware corporation (formerly known as Motion Acquisition Corp. Motion prior to the Closing
Date and after the Closing Date, DocGo , consummated the previously announced business combination (the Closing pursuant to that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger dated March 8, 2021 (the Merger Agreement ), by and among Motion, Motion
Merger Sub Corp., a Delaware corporation and a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Motion Merger Sub ), and Ambulnz, Inc.,
a Delaware corporation Ambulnz ). In connection with the Closing, the registrant changed its name from Motion Acquisition
Corp. to DocGo Inc. As contemplated by the Merger Agreement and as described in Motion s definitive proxy statement/consent solicitation/prospectus
filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC on October 14, 2021 (the Prospectus ), Merger
Sub was merged with and into Ambulnz, with Ambulnz continuing as the surviving corporation (the Merger and, together with
the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, the Business Combination ). As a result of the Merger, Ambulnz
is a wholly-owned subsidiary of DocGo and each share of Series A preferred stock of Ambulnz, no par value Ambulnz Preferred Stock ),
Class A common stock of Ambulnz, no par value Ambulnz Class A Common Stock ), and Class B common stock of Ambulnz, no par
value Ambulnz Class B Common Stock , together with Ambulnz Class A Common Stock, Ambulnz Common Stock was
cancelled and converted into the right to receive a portion of merger consideration issuable as common stock of DocGo, par value 0.0001 Common Stock ), pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement.

In connection with the Business
Combination, the Company raised 158.0 million, net of transaction costs of 20.0 million. This amount was comprised of 43.4 million
of cash held in Motion s trust account from its initial public offering, net of DocGo s transaction costs and underwriters 
fees of 9.6 million, and 114.6 million of cash in connection with the concurrent PIPE private placement of shares of common stock
to certain investors at a price of 10.00 per share (the PIPE Financing ), net of 10.4
million in transaction costs. These transaction costs consisted of banking, legal, and other professional fees which were recorded as
a reduction to additional paid-in capital. 

Competition 

The
U.S. healthcare industry is highly competitive, and we compete with a broad and diverse set of companies spanning both of our business
segments. The competitive landscape is highly fragmented for both medical mobility services and last-mile healthcare solutions,
ranging in each case from small, locally owned and operated providers to large national organizations. While we do not believe that any
single competitor offers our full suite of mobility solutions and last-mile healthcare services, numerous companies offer
components of medical mobility transportation and/or telehealth services that compete with our solutions. 

Success
in the medical transportation industry is based primarily on the ability to improve customer service, such as on-time performance and
efficient call intake; to provide comprehensive clinical care; and to recruit, train and motivate employees, particularly ambulance crews
who have direct contact with patients and healthcare personnel. Pricing, billing and reimbursement expertise are also critical. Competitors
within the industry vary considerably in type and identity by market, with our primary competitors being small, locally owned operators
as well as local fire departments and other local government providers. Larger private provider competitors include Rural/Metro Corporation,
Falck, American Medical Response (AMR), Southwest Ambulance, Paramedics Plus and Acadian Ambulance. 

Competition
in the mobile health industry is primarily based on scale; ease of use, convenience and accessibility; brand recognition; breadth, depth,
and efficacy of telehealth services; technology; clinical quality; customer support; cost; reputation; and customer satisfaction and value.
The major competitors include much larger, national or regional telehealth providers such as Dispatch Health, Teladoc, Amwell, and One
Medical (acquired by Amazon in February 2023) that generally provide telehealth on behalf of self-insured employers and insurance plans.
These competitors, however, generally do not provide direct patient care or last-mile care on behalf of the provider organization.
We also believe there are several smaller, private organizations providing in-home or on-site care utilizing different, higher
cost healthcare providers. Non-traditional providers and others such as payors may enter the space and/or develop innovative technologies
or business activities that could disrupt the industry. Competition could also increase from large technology companies, such as Apple,
Amazon, Facebook, Verizon, or Microsoft, who may develop their own telehealth solutions or acquire existing industry participants, such
as Amazon s acquisition of One Medical in February 2023, as well as from large retailers like Walmart, CVS and others. Despite the
significant growth of telehealth services in recent years, we believe the market is still in its infancy and new competitors with
similar and novel models will enter the market as it matures. 

5 

Intellectual Property 

We own and use trademarks
and service marks on or in connection with our services, including both unregistered common law marks and registered trademarks. We have
registered Ambulnz and our corporate logo in the United States and the United Kingdom. We have registered DocGo 
word mark and design in the both the United States and the United Kingdom and are in the process of registering both in the EU. We are
also the registered holder of a variety of domain names that include Ambulnz , DocGo and similar variations. 

Our proprietary platform,
mobile application, and associated software code and firmware are protected as trade secrets and our confidential information, as appropriate.
We also license the use of certain technology and other intellectual property rights owned and controlled by others. We believe that our
intellectual property is a valuable asset to our business that affords us a competitive advantage in the markets in which we operate.
We maintain our intellectual property and confidential business information in a number of ways. For instance, we have a policy requiring
all companies we work with to execute confidentiality agreements upon commencement of any business relationship with us. Our agreements
with customers include confidentiality and non-disclosure provisions, as well. 

We require our employees,
independent contractors and consultants to execute confidentiality and proprietary agreements in connection with their employment or consulting
relationships with us and to assign to us inventions conceived during the term of their employment or engagement while using our property
or which relate to our business. 

Upon discovery of potential
infringement of our intellectual property, we assess and, when necessary, take action to protect our rights as appropriate. 

Regulation 

Our
operations are subject to comprehensive United States federal, state and local rules and regulations and comparable multiple levels
of international regulation in the jurisdictions in which we do business. The laws and regulations governing our business and interpretations
of those laws and regulations continue to expand, are subject to frequent change and may become more restrictive. Our ability to operate
profitably will depend in part upon our ability, and that of our healthcare provider partners, to maintain all necessary licenses and
to operate in compliance with applicable laws and regulations. We therefore devote significant resources to monitoring developments in
healthcare regulation. As the applicable laws and regulations change, we may be required to make conforming modifications in our business
processes from time to time. In many jurisdictions where we operate, neither our current nor our anticipated business model, in particular
with respect to our Mobile Health related services, has been the subject of judicial or administrative interpretation. We cannot be assured
that a review of our business by courts or regulatory authorities will not result in determinations that could limit or otherwise adversely
affect our operations or that the healthcare regulatory environment will not change in a way that restricts our operations. 

False Claims Act 

The
federal False Claims Act is a means of policing false bills or false requests for payment in the healthcare delivery system. Among other
things, the federal False Claims Act authorizes the imposition of up to three times the government s damages and significant per
claim civil penalties on any person (including an individual, organization or company) who, among other acts: 

knowingly presents or causes
to be presented to the federal government a false or fraudulent claim for payment or approval; 

knowingly makes, uses or causes
to be made or used a false record or statement material to a false or fraudulent claim; 

knowingly makes, uses or causes
to be made or used a false record or statement material to an obligation to pay the government, or knowingly conceals; 

knowingly and improperly avoids
or decreases an obligation to pay or transmit money or property to the federal government; or 

conspires to commit the above
acts. 

6 

In
addition, amendments to the federal False Claims Act and Social Security Act impose severe penalties for the knowing and improper retention
of overpayments collected from government payors. Under these provisions, within 60 days of identifying and quantifying an overpayment,
a provider is required to notify the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services CMS ), or the Medicare Administrative Contractor
of the overpayment and the reason for it and return the overpayment. An overpayment impermissibly retained could subject a party to liability
under the federal False Claims Act, exclusion from government healthcare programs, including Medicare and Medicaid, and penalties under
the federal Civil Monetary Penalties Law discussed below. 

The
penalties for a violation of the federal False Claims Act range from 5,500 to 11,000 (adjusted for inflation) for each false claim,
plus up to three times the amount of damages caused by each false claim, which can be as much as the amounts received directly or indirectly
from the government for each such false claim. On June 19, 2020, the U.S. Department of Justice DOJ issued a
final rule announcing adjustments to federal False Claims Act penalties, under which the per claim range increases to a range from 11,803
to 23,607 per claim, so long as the underlying conduct occurred after November 2, 2015. 

The
federal government has used the statute to prosecute a wide variety of alleged false claims and fraud allegedly perpetrated against Medicare
and state healthcare programs, including but not limited to coding errors, billing for services not rendered, the submission of false
cost or other reports, billing for services at a higher payment rate than appropriate, billing under a comprehensive code as well as under
one or more component codes included in the comprehensive code, billing for care that is not considered medically necessary and false
reporting of risk-adjusted diagnostic codes to Medicare Advantage (or Part C) Plans. The Affordable Care Act, as currently structured,
provides that claims tainted by a violation of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute are false for purposes of the federal False Claims
Act. Some courts have held that filing claims or failing to refund amounts collected in violation of the Stark Law can form the basis
for liability under the federal False Claims Act. In addition to the provisions of the federal False Claims Act, which provide for civil
enforcement through qui tam whistleblower lawsuits, the federal government can also use several criminal statutes to prosecute
persons who are alleged to have submitted false or fraudulent claims for payment to the federal government. 

Federal Fraud and
Abuse Laws 

The
federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic
and Clinical Health Act HITECH ), and their implementing regulations and related rules (collectively, HIPAA ),
established several separate criminal penalties for making false or fraudulent claims to insurance companies and other non-governmental
payors of healthcare services. Under HIPAA, these two additional federal crimes are: Healthcare Fraud and False Statements
Relating to Healthcare Matters. The Healthcare Fraud statute prohibits knowingly and recklessly executing a scheme or artifice
to defraud any healthcare benefit program, including private payors. A violation of this statute is a felony and may result in fines,
imprisonment or exclusion from government sponsored programs. The False Statements Relating to Healthcare Matters statute prohibits knowingly
and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up a material fact by any trick, scheme or device or making any materially false, fictitious
or fraudulent statement in connection with the delivery of or payment for healthcare benefits, items or services. A violation of this
statute is a felony and may result in fines or imprisonment. This statute could be used by the government to assert criminal liability
if a healthcare provider knowingly fails to refund an overpayment. These provisions are intended to punish some of the same conduct in
the submission of claims to private payors as the federal False Claims Act covers in connection with governmental health programs. 

7 

In
addition, the Civil Monetary Penalties Law imposes civil administrative sanctions for, among other violations, inappropriate billing of
services to federally funded healthcare programs and employing or contracting with individuals or entities who are excluded from participation
in federally funded healthcare programs. Moreover, a person who offers or transfers to a Medicare or Medicaid beneficiary any remuneration,
including waivers of co-payments and deductible amounts (or any part thereof), that the person knows or should know is likely to influence
the beneficiary s selection of a particular provider, practitioner or supplier of Medicare or Medicaid payable items or services
may be liable for civil monetary penalties of up to 20,000 for each wrongful act. Moreover, in certain cases, providers who routinely
waive co-payments and deductibles for Medicare and Medicaid beneficiaries can also be held liable under the federal Anti-Kickback Statute
and federal False Claims Act, either of which can impose additional penalties associated with the wrongful act. One of the statutory exceptions
to the prohibition is non-routine, unadvertised waivers of co-payments or deductible amounts based on individualized determinations
of financial need or exhaustion of reasonable collection efforts. The OIG emphasizes, however, that this exception should only be used
occasionally to address special financial needs of a particular patient. Although this prohibition applies only to federal healthcare
program beneficiaries, the routine waivers of co-payments and deductibles offered to patients covered by commercial payors may implicate
applicable state laws related to, among other things, unlawful schemes to defraud, excessive fees for services, tortious interference
with patient contracts and statutory or common law fraud. 

State Fraud and
Abuse Laws 

Various
states in which we operate have also adopted similar fraud and abuse laws as the federal laws and statutes described above. The scope
of these laws and the interpretations thereof vary from state to state and are enforced by state courts and regulatory authorities, each
with broad discretion. Some state fraud and abuse laws apply to items or services reimbursed by any payor, including patients and commercial
insurers, not just those reimbursed by a federally funded healthcare program. A determination of liability under such state fraud and
abuse laws could result in fines and penalties and restrictions on our ability to operate in these jurisdictions. 

Health Information
Privacy and Security Laws 

There
are numerous U.S. federal and state laws and regulations related to the privacy and security of personally identifiable information PII ), including health information. In particular, HIPAA establishes privacy and security standards that limit the use
and disclosure of protected health information PHI ), and require the implementation of administrative, physical, and technical
safeguards to ensure the confidentiality, integrity and availability of individually identifiable health information in electronic form.
HIPAA s requirements to covered entities and to their independent contractors, agents and other business associates 
that create, receive, maintain or transmit PHI in connection with providing services to covered entities. Although we are a covered entity
under HIPAA, we are also a business associate of other covered entities when we are working on behalf of our healthcare provider partners. 

Violations
of HIPAA may result in civil and criminal penalties. The civil penalties range from 119 to 59,522 per violation, with a cap of 1.8 million
per year for violations of the same standard during the same calendar year. However, a single breach incident can result in violations
of multiple standards. We must also comply with HIPAA s breach notification rule. Under the breach notification rule, covered entities
must notify affected individuals without unreasonable delay in the case of a breach of unsecured PHI, which may compromise the privacy,
security or integrity of the PHI. In addition, notification must be provided to HHS and the local media in cases where a breach affects
more than 500 individuals. Breaches affecting fewer than 500 individuals must be reported to HHS on an annual basis. The regulations also
require business associates of covered entities to notify the covered entity of breaches by the business associate. 

State
attorneys general also have the right to prosecute HIPAA violations committed against residents of their states. While HIPAA does not
create a private right of action that would allow individuals to sue in civil court for a HIPAA violation, its standards have been used
as the basis for the duty of care in state civil suits, such as those for negligence or recklessness in misusing personal information.
In addition, HIPAA mandates that HHS conduct periodic compliance audits of HIPAA-covered entities and their business associates for compliance.
It also tasks HHS with establishing a methodology whereby harmed individuals who were the victims of breaches of unsecured PHI may receive
a percentage of the fine paid by the violator under the Civil Monetary Penalties Law paid by the violator. In light of recent enforcement
activity, and statements from HHS, we expect increased federal and state HIPAA privacy and security enforcement efforts. 

8 

HIPAA
also requires HHS to adopt national standards establishing electronic transaction standards that all healthcare providers must use when
submitting or receiving certain healthcare transactions electronically. 

Many
states in which we operate and in which our customers reside also have laws that protect the privacy and security of sensitive and personal
information, including health information. These laws may be similar to or even more protective than HIPAA and other federal privacy laws.
For example, the laws of the State of California, in which we operate, are more restrictive than HIPAA. Where state laws are more
protective than HIPAA, we must comply with the state laws we are subject to, in addition to HIPAA. In certain cases, it may be necessary
to modify our systems or planned operations to comply with these more stringent state laws. Not only may some of these state laws impose
fines and penalties upon violators, but also some, unlike HIPAA, may afford private rights of action to individuals who believe their
personal information has been misused. In addition, state laws are changing rapidly, and there is discussion of a new federal privacy
law or federal breach notification law, to which we may be subject. 

In
recent years, there have been a number of well-publicized data breaches involving the improper use and disclosure of PII and PHI. Many
states have responded to these incidents by enacting laws requiring holders of personal information to maintain safeguards and to take
certain actions in response to a data breach, such as providing prompt notification of the breach to affected individuals and state officials.
In addition, under HIPAA and pursuant to the related contracts that we enter into with our healthcare provider partners and other third
parties, we must report breaches of unsecured PHI to our contractual partners following discovery of the breach. Notification must also
be made in certain circumstances to affected individuals, federal authorities and others. 

In
addition to HIPAA, state health information privacy and state health information privacy laws, we may be subject to other state and federal
privacy laws, including laws that prohibit unfair privacy and security practices and deceptive statements about privacy and security and
laws that place specific requirements on certain types of activities, such as data security and texting. 

Anti-Kickback Statute 

The
federal Anti-Kickback Statute is a broadly worded prohibition on the knowing and willful offer, payment, solicitation or receipt of any
form of remuneration in return for, or to induce, (i) the referral of a person covered by Medicare, Medicaid or other governmental
programs, (ii) the furnishing or arranging for the furnishing of items or services reimbursable under Medicare, Medicaid or other
governmental programs or (iii) the purchasing, leasing or ordering or arranging or recommending purchasing, leasing or ordering of
any item or service reimbursable under Medicare, Medicaid or other governmental programs. Certain federal courts have held that the Anti-Kickback Statute
can be violated if one purpose of a payment is to induce referrals. In addition, a person or entity does not need to have
actual knowledge of this statute or specific intent to violate it to have committed a violation, making it easier for the government to
prove that a defendant had the requisite state of mind or scienter required for a violation. Moreover, the government may
assert that a claim including items or services resulting from a violation of the Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent
claim for purposes of the federal False Claims Act. Violations of the Anti-Kickback Statute can result in exclusion from Medicare, Medicaid
or other governmental programs as well as civil and criminal penalties, including fines of 104,330 per violation, plus up to three times
the amount of the unlawful remuneration, and imprisonment of up to ten years. Civil penalties for such conduct can further be assessed
under the federal False Claims Act. In addition to a few statutory exceptions, the OIG has published safe harbor regulations that outline
categories of activities that are deemed protected from prosecution under the Anti-Kickback Statute provided all applicable criteria
are met. The failure of a financial relationship to meet all of the applicable safe harbor criteria does not necessarily mean that the
particular arrangement violates the Anti-Kickback Statute. However, conduct and business arrangements that do not fully satisfy each
applicable safe harbor may result in increased scrutiny by government enforcement authorities, such as the OIG. 

9 

Federal Stark Law 

Section 1877
of the Social Security Act, also known as the physician self-referral law and commonly referred to as the Stark Law, prohibits a physician
who has a financial relationship, or who has an immediate family member who has a financial relationship, with entities providing certain
designated health services from referring Medicare patients to such entities for the furnishing of designated health services, unless
an exception applies. Although uncertainty exists, federal agencies and at least one court have taken the position that the Stark Law
also applies to Medicaid. Designated health services are defined to include, among others, clinical laboratory services, physical therapy
services, occupational therapy services, radiology services including ultrasound services, durable medical equipment and supplies, parenteral
and enteral nutrients, equipment, and supplies, home health services, outpatient prescription drugs, inpatient and outpatient hospital
services and outpatient speech-language pathology services. The types of financial arrangements between a physician and an entity
providing designated health services that trigger the self-referral prohibitions of the Stark Law are broad and include direct and
indirect ownership and investment interests and compensation arrangements. The Stark Law prohibits any entity providing designated health
services that has received a prohibited referral from presenting, or causing to be presented, a claim or billing for the services arising
out of the prohibited referral. Similarly, the Stark Law prohibits an entity from furnishing a designated health service
to another entity in which it has a financial relationship when that entity bills for the service. The Stark Law also prohibits self-referrals within
an organization by its own physicians, although broad exceptions exist. The prohibition applies regardless of the reasons for the financial
relationship and the referral. Unlike the federal Anti-Kickback Statute discussed above, the Stark Law is a strict liability statute,
which means proof of specific intent to violate the law is not required. 

If
the Stark Law is implicated, the financial relationship must fully satisfy a Stark Law exception. If an exception is not satisfied, then
the parties to the arrangement could be subject to sanctions, including denial of payment for claims for services provided in violation
of the statute, mandatory refunds of amounts collected for such services, civil penalties of up to 25,820 for each violation and twice
the dollar value of each such service as well as possible exclusion from future participation in the federally funded healthcare programs,
including Medicare and Medicaid. A person who engages in a scheme to circumvent the Stark Law s prohibitions may be fined up to
 172,137 for each applicable arrangement or scheme. Amounts collected on claims related to prohibited referrals must be reported and refunded
generally within 60 days after the date on which the overpayment was identified. In addition, the government and some courts have
taken the position that claims presented in violation of the various statutes, including the Stark Law, and failure to return overpayments
in a timely manner can form the basis for liability under the federal False Claims Act discussed below based on the contention that a
provider impliedly certifies compliance with all applicable laws, regulations and other rules when submitting claims for reimbursement. 

U.S. Corporate
Practice of Medicine; Fee Splitting 

The
laws and regulations relating to our operations vary from state to state and many states prohibit general business corporations, such
as us, from practicing medicine, controlling physicians medical decisions or engaging in some practices such as splitting professional
fees with physicians. We contract with healthcare providers, physicians or physician-owned professional associations and professional
corporations as part of our business. An important aspect of our strategy is to form contractual relationships with different third-party providers
pursuant to which we provide them or their patients with medical transportation and/or telehealth services and they pay us for those services
out of the fees they collect from patients and third-party payors. In certain instances, we also share a portion of our revenues
with our partners. These contractual relationships are subject to various state laws that prohibit fee splitting or the practice of medicine
by lay entities or persons and are intended to prevent unlicensed persons from interfering with or influencing the physician s professional
judgment. In addition, various state laws also generally prohibit the sharing of professional services income with nonprofessional or
business interests. Activities other than those directly related to the delivery of healthcare may be considered an element of the practice
of medicine in many states. Under the corporate practice of medicine restrictions of certain states, decisions and activities such as
scheduling, contracting, setting rates and the hiring and management of non-clinical personnel may implicate the restrictions on the corporate
practice of medicine. 

State
corporate practice of medicine and fee-splitting laws vary from state to state and are not always consistent. In addition, these requirements
are subject to broad powers of interpretation and enforcement by state regulators. Regulatory authorities or other parties may assert
that, despite these arrangements, we are engaged in the corporate practice of medicine or that our contractual arrangements with affiliated
third parties constitute unlawful fee splitting. In this event, failure to comply could lead to adverse judicial or administrative action
against us and/or our healthcare provider partners, civil or criminal penalties, receipt of cease-and-desist orders from state regulators,
loss of licenses, and the need to make changes to the terms of engagement with our provider partners that interfere with our business. 

10 

International Regulation 

We
expect to continue to expand our operations internationally through both organic growth and acquisitions. Our international operations
are subject to different, and sometimes more stringent, legal and regulatory requirements, which vary widely by jurisdiction, including
anti-corruption laws such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act FCPA ), and corresponding foreign laws, including the U.K. Bribery
Act 2010; regulation by the U.S. Treasury s Office of Foreign Assets Control OFAC and economic sanctions
laws; various privacy, insurance, tax, tariff and trade laws and regulations; corporate governance, privacy, data protection, data mining,
data transfer, labor and employment, intellectual property, consumer protection and investment laws and regulations; discriminatory licensing
procedures; required localization of records and funds; and limitations on dividends and repatriation of capital. 

Other Regulations 

Our
operations are subject to various state hazardous waste and non-hazardous medical waste disposal laws. These laws do not classify as hazardous
most of the waste produced from healthcare services. Occupational Safety and Health Administration regulations require employers to provide
workers who are occupationally subject to blood or other potentially infectious materials with prescribed protections. These regulatory
requirements apply to all healthcare facilities, including primary care centers, and require employers to make a determination as to which
employees may be exposed to blood or other potentially infectious materials and to have in effect a written exposure control plan. In
addition, employers are required to provide or deploy hepatitis B vaccinations, personal protective equipment and other safety devices,
infection control training, post-exposure evaluation and follow-up, waste disposal techniques and procedures and work practice controls.
Employers are also required to comply with various record-keeping requirements. 

Some
of our operations may be subject to compliance with certain provisions of the federal Fair Debt Collection Practices Act and comparable
statutes in many states. Under the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act, a third-party collection company is restricted in the methods it
uses to contact consumer debtors and elicit payments with respect to placed accounts. Requirements under state collection agency statutes
vary, with most requiring compliance similar to that required under the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act. Many of the states in which
we operate have comparable state statutes as well. 

See
the section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K titled Risk Factors Risks Related to DocGo s Legal and
Regulatory Environment. 

Available Information 

We file or furnish electronically
with the SEC our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports.
We make available on our website at www.DocGo.com, under Investors, free of charge, copies of these reports, and amendments
thereto, as soon as reasonably practicable after filing or furnishing these reports with the SEC. 

11 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

Risks Related to
DocGo s Business Strategy 

DocGo s failure to successfully implement
its business strategy could adversely affect its business. 

DocGo s future financial
performance and success is dependent in large part upon its ability to implement its business strategy successfully. DocGo s business
strategy includes several initiatives, including developing contractual relationships with new healthcare provider partners and expanding
its business with existing partners; capitalizing on organic growth opportunities such as growing complementary and integrated service
offerings, particularly with respect to its mobile health solutions; pursuing selective acquisitions to expand its geographic presence,
among other things; and enhancing operational efficiencies and productivity. DocGo may not be able to implement its business strategy
successfully or achieve the anticipated benefits of its business plan, which could adversely affect its long-term growth, profitability
and ability to service its debt obligations. Even if DocGo is able to implement some or all of the initiatives of its business plan, one
or more initiatives may not be successful or if successful, may not achieve the anticipated goals, results or outcomes, and DocGo s
operating results may not improve to the extent it anticipates, or at all, or it could be adversely affected. 

Implementation of DocGo s
business strategy could also be negatively impacted by a number of factors beyond its control, including increased competition, government
regulation, general macroeconomic conditions, including an inflationary environment, rising interest rates and recessionary fears, the
geopolitical environment, including the war in Ukraine and rising tensions in the Taiwan Strait, and pandemic or endemics, including COVID-19,
and increased operating costs, including costs of labor, or other expenses. In particular, DocGo s future success is contingent
on DocGo s ability to both penetrate new markets and to further penetrate existing markets, which is subject to a number of uncertainties,
including our ability to obtain necessary licenses in new markets, to establish and grow new customer relationships and our ability to
attract and retain skilled personnel, many of which are beyond DocGo s control. Expanding service offerings such as DocGo s
mobile health solutions also carries unique risks, including lack of market acceptance or the potential inability to realize an appropriate
return, if any, on the capital invested. Government regulations in both DocGo s domestic and international markets can also delay
or prevent expansion or the introduction of new service offerings or require changes to some of DocGo s current service offerings,
which could negatively impact the success of DocGo s strategies and financial results. In addition, to the extent DocGo has misjudged
the nature or extent of industry trends or its competition, it may have difficulty in identifying new provider partners, achieving any
geographic expansion, introducing new service offerings or achieving DocGo s other strategic objectives. As such, due to these and
other known and unknown risks, DocGo cannot assure you that its business strategy will be successful, and any failure to effectively implement
its business strategy and otherwise grow the business could have a material adverse effect on DocGo s business, financial condition
and results of operations. 

DocGo relies on its contractual relationships
with its healthcare provider partners. 

DocGo significantly relies
on its contractual relationships with its healthcare provider partners and other strategic partners and alliances to generate revenues,
expand into new markets and further penetrate existing markets. In recent years, DocGo has entered into strategic business relationships
with, among others, healthcare providers and hospital systems, to take advantage of commercial opportunities across its operations, but
particularly in its medical transportation services segment. The structure of DocGo s relationships with its healthcare provider
partners is a novel model in DocGo s industry and because there is little precedent for this approach, there can be no assurances
that it will be operationally or financially successful in the long term. 

DocGo s contractual
relationships with its healthcare provider partners and its reliance on revenues generated pursuant to these arrangements carry commercial
and other risks and uncertainties that are different from those underlying DocGo s other revenue streams, including the opportunity
cost of not pursuing other ventures independently or with other partners. For example, strategic partners may have business or economic
interests that are inconsistent with those of DocGo and may take actions contrary to DocGo s interests. While DocGo typically manages
the day-to-day operations, DocGo s partners have certain consent rights, including certain decisions such as the annual
budget and the hiring and firing of key management personnel for the venture, and they may not agree with decisions that DocGo believes
are appropriate or are otherwise in the venture s or its best interests. This structure can also lead to disputes with partners,
which could require DocGo s management to commit additional time and resources to resolve any disagreements or, in some instances,
may lead to arbitration or litigation. Contractual relationships like these typically carry termination rights and one or more of DocGo s
partners may choose to exit the relationship prematurely and, in certain arrangements, the partner may have the option to sell its interest
in the venture to DocGo or acquire DocGo s stake at a predetermined price, even if the venture is beneficial to DocGo and in DocGo s
interest to continue the venture. If one of DocGo s ventures or any of its strategic partners is subject to a regulatory investigation
or legal dispute or is otherwise the subject of any negative publicity, DocGo may be associated with the matter and be similarly harmed,
regardless of whether the specific partnership or DocGo itself had any connection to the underlying matters. In addition, DocGo may, in
certain circumstances, be liable for the actions of its partners. Contractual relationships such as these can also raise fraud and abuse
issues. For example, the Office of Inspector General (the OIG of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services HHS has taken the position that certain contractual relationships between a party which makes referrals and a party which
receives referrals for a specific type of service may violate the federal Anti-Kickback Statute if not appropriately structured.
Any of the foregoing risks or other risks related to DocGo s reliance on its strategic partners and other relationships could have
a material adverse effect on DocGo s business, financial condition and results of operations. 

12 

DocGo incurs significant up-front costs
in its client relationships and any inability to maintain and grow these client relationships over time or to recover these costs could
adversely affect its business. 

DocGo s business strategy
depends heavily on achieving economies of scale because its initial up-front investment is costly and the associated revenue is recognized
on a ratable basis. DocGo devotes significant resources to establish relationships with its clients and implement its solutions. DocGo
typically incurs higher variable costs for labor and medical and other supplies in the initial stages of a project, as the focus at that
stage is on ensuring that the projects are staffed and stocked properly, even at the risk of temporarily overstaffing the project until
revenue achieves the anticipated scale. These risks are heightened when the client is a large enterprise, such as DocGo s healthcare
provider or government partners. Accordingly, DocGo s results of operations depend, in substantial part, on its ability to maintain
and grow its relationships with customers over time, allowing DocGo to build economies of scale and recoup up-front costs. Additionally,
as DocGo s business grows, its client acquisition costs could outpace its build-up of recurring revenue, and DocGo may be unable
to successfully manage its total operating costs to achieve profitability, or if achieved, to maintain profitability. If DocGo fails to
achieve appropriate economies of scale or if it fails to manage or anticipate demand, its business, financial condition and results of
operations could be materially adversely affected. 

The growth of DocGo s business depends,
in part, on its ability to execute on its acquisition strategy. 

A significant portion of DocGo s
historical growth has occurred through acquisitions, such as its acquisitions in 2022 of Government Medical Services, Ryan Brothers Ambulance,
Exceptional Ambulance and Community Ambulance Services, and it anticipates continued growth through acquisitions in the future. DocGo s
growth strategy is primarily focused on geographic expansion, often as part of growing its relationship with an existing healthcare provider
partner, and DocGo expects acquisitions to be its primary means of obtaining the infrastructure, licenses or other resources necessary
to enter new markets in the future. DocGo evaluates, and expects to continue to evaluate on a regular basis, a variety of possible acquisition
transactions. 

DocGo cannot predict the timing
of any contemplated transactions, and there can be no assurances that DocGo will be able to identify suitable acquisition opportunities
in the geographies into which it expects to grow or, if it does, that any transaction can be consummated on terms acceptable to it, if
at all. DocGo also competes for acquisitions with other potential acquirers, some of which may have greater financial or operational resources
than DocGo. A significant change in DocGo s business; macroeconomic factors, including inflationary pressures, rising interest rates
and recessionary fears; unexpected decreases in cash flows, tightening of the capital markets or any restrictions imposed by DocGo s
debt obligations may limit its ability to obtain the necessary capital for acquisitions or otherwise impede its ability to complete an
acquisition. Certain proposed acquisitions or dispositions may also trigger regulatory review by governmental agencies, including the
U.S. Department of Justice (the DOJ and the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (the FTC ), under their
respective regulatory authority. Any delay, prohibition or modification required by regulatory authorities for competitive purposes or
otherwise could adversely affect the terms of a proposed acquisition or could require DocGo to modify or abandon an otherwise attractive
acquisition opportunity. The failure to identify suitable transaction partners and to consummate transactions on acceptable terms, or
at all, could adversely affect DocGo s business, financial condition and results of operations. 

DocGo s acquisition strategy exposes
it to significant risks and additional costs. 

Acquisitions involve risks
that the businesses acquired will not perform as expected or provide sufficient infrastructure and other resources necessary to operate
in a given geography, and DocGo s judgments regarding the values, strengths and weaknesses and profitability of acquired businesses
may prove to be wrong. DocGo may be held liable for certain unforeseen pre-acquisition liabilities of an acquired business, including,
among others, tax liabilities, environmental liabilities, liabilities for regulatory violations and liabilities for employment practices,
and these liabilities could be significant. In addition, an acquisition could result in the impairment of client relationships and other
acquired assets, such as goodwill. DocGo may also incur costs and experience inefficiencies to the extent an acquisition expands the services,
markets or geographies in which it operates. Acquisitions may require that DocGo incur additional debt to finance the transaction, which
could be substantial and limit its operating flexibility or, alternatively, acquisitions may require that DocGo issue shares of its Common
Stock as consideration, which could dilute share ownership. Acquisitions can also involve post-transaction disputes regarding a number
of matters, including a purchase price or working capital adjustment, earn-out or other contingent payments, environmental liabilities
or other obligations. DocGo s recent growth and its acquisition strategy have placed, and will continue to place, significant demands
on management s time, which may divert their attention from DocGo s day-to-day business operations and may lead
to significant due diligence and other expenses regardless of whether DocGo pursues or consummates any potential acquisition. DocGo also
may not be able to manage its growth resulting from acquisitions due to the number, diversity and geographic disparity of the businesses
it may acquire or for other reasons. These and other risks related to acquisitions could adversely affect DocGo s business, financial
condition and results of operations. 

13 

Any inability to successfully integrate
acquisitions or realize their anticipated benefits could adversely affect DocGo s business. 

Acquisitions require that
DocGo integrate separate companies that have historically operated independently or as part of another, larger organization, and that
have different systems, processes and cultures. DocGo may not be able to successfully integrate any business it has acquired or may acquire,
or may not be able to do so in a timely, efficient or cost-effective manner. Risks related to the successful integration of an acquired
business include: 

diverting the attention of DocGo s management and that
of the acquired business; 

merging or linking different accounting and financial reporting
systems and systems of internal controls and, in some instances, implementing new controls and procedures; 

merging computer, technology and other information networks
and systems, including enterprise resource planning systems and billing systems; 

assimilating personnel, human resources, billing and collections,
and other administrative departments and potentially contrasting corporate cultures; 

disrupting relationships with or losses of key clients and
suppliers of DocGo s business or the acquired business; 

interfering with, or loss of momentum in, DocGo s ongoing
business or that of the acquired company; 

failure to retain DocGo s key personnel or that of the
acquired company; and 

delays or cost-overruns in the integration process. 

DocGo s inability
to manage its growth through acquisitions, including its inability to manage the integration process, and to realize the anticipated
benefits of an acquisition could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Risks Related to DocGo s Business
and Industry 

The COVID-19 pandemic has materially impacted
DocGo s business. 

The COVID-19 pandemic and
related direct and indirect impacts have adversely affected, and may continue to adversely affect, the DocGo healthcare transportation
segment, and has also heightened various risks related to DocGo s business. 

For example, should there
be an outbreak of COVID-19 among DocGo s employees in one or more of its markets, in response, DocGo may need to significantly
reduce or cease operations in that market. DocGo s cost structure has also been adversely impacted by the pandemic. A number of
DocGo s suppliers have been negatively impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic and there have been significant disruptions in its
supply chains, particularly with respect to the personal protective equipment, or PPE, that DocGo s healthcare professionals require
to do their jobs. At times, sufficient levels of PPE have not been available and these shortages have limited DocGo s ability to
meet demand and provide its services to customers in a timely manner. Further, the demand for PPE in the healthcare industry and the public
at large caused by the pandemic has significantly increased the cost of PPE and DocGo may not be able to recover these increased costs
in the rates it charges for its services, which could adversely affect DocGo s profitability. Limitations on the availability or
increases in the price of PPE have and could in the future continue to adversely affect DocGo s business and results of operations. 

14 

However, the pandemic also
significantly increased the demand for DocGo s remote and mobile testing and vaccination services during the second half of 2020
and throughout 2021 and the first half of 2022 and many of these contracts were on a short-term basis, often spanning only a number
of weeks or months. Much of DocGo s revenue, employee and operations growth has occurred during recent years, which has
been partially driven by significant COVID-related impacts. For example, the Company estimates that mass COVID testing relating revenue
for 2022 was approximately 75 million. DocGo s ability to forecast its future operating results is limited and subject to a number
of uncertainties, including its ability to predict revenue and expense levels, and plan for and model future growth. Moreover, at least
with respect to COVID-19-related testing and vaccination, particularly as the pandemic reaches endemic stages and demand subsides,
there can be no assurances that DocGo will be able to find alternative revenue streams to compensate for the loss. We have witnessed a
significant reduction in COVID testing activity since the second half of 2022 and expect that this activity will continue to decline. 

The pandemic has adversely
affected many industries as well as the economies and financial markets of many countries, including the United States, causing a
significant deceleration of economic activity. This slowdown has reduced production, decreased demand for a broad variety of goods and
services, diminished trade levels, and led to widespread corporate downsizing, causing a sharp increase in unemployment. There has also
been disruption to and extreme volatility in the global capital markets, which could increase the cost of, or entirely restrict access
to, capital. The long-term impact of this pandemic on the U.S. and world economies remains uncertain, and even at times when the
pandemic is largely contained, these adverse impacts could worsen, impacting all segments of the global economy, and result in a significant
recession or worse. 

The degree to which COVID-19
impacts DocGo s business operations, strategy, financial condition and results of operations will depend on future developments,
which are highly uncertain, continuously evolving and unpredictable, including, but not limited to, the severity of any new outbreaks,
resurgences and variants, actions taken to contain resurgences or variants or to address their impact, and other effects. As the COVID-19
pandemic reaches endemic stages, the future impacts to DocGo of COVID-19 remain uncertain, but such impacts could have a material adverse
impact on our business, strategy and financial condition. 

The high level of competition in DocGo s
industry could adversely affect its business. 

The medical transportation
industry is highly competitive. In its healthcare transportation segment, DocGo competes with governmental entities, including cities
and fire districts, hospitals, local and volunteer private providers, as well as other regional and local private companies. The industry
also includes several large national and regional providers such as Rural/Metro Corporation, Falck, American Medical Response (AMR), Southwest
Ambulance, Paramedics Plus and Acadian Ambulance. Key competitive factors in the medical transportation services industry include the
ability to improve customer service, such as on-time performance and efficient call intake; to provide comprehensive clinical care;
and to recruit, train and motivate employees, particularly ambulance crews who have direct contact with patients and healthcare personnel.
Pricing, billing and reimbursement expertise are also very important. 

While the mobile health/telehealth
market is in an early stage of development, it is also competitive and DocGo expects it to become increasingly competitive in the future,
which could make it difficult for DocGo to succeed. The major competitors in the industry include much larger, national or regional telehealth
providers such as Dispatch Health, Teladoc, Amwell, and One Medical (acquired by Amazon in February 2023) that generally provide telehealth
on behalf of self-insured employers and insurance plans. These competitors, however, generally do not provide direct patient care
or last-mile care on behalf of the provider organization. DocGo also believes there are several smaller, private organizations providing
in-home or in-site care utilizing different, higher cost healthcare providers. Non-traditional providers and others such
as large health systems or payors, some of which may be DocGo customers or partners, may enter the space using consumer-grade video
conferencing platforms such as Zoom and Twilio or develop innovative technologies or business activities that could be disruptive to the
industry. Competition could also increase from large technology companies such as Apple, Amazon, Facebook, Verizon, or Microsoft, who
may develop their own telehealth solutions or acquire existing industry participants, such as Amazon s acquisition of One Medical
in February 2023, as well as from large retailers like Walmart, which see an opportunity in the surge in interest in telehealth in connection
with the COVID-19 pandemic. Competition in the telehealth industry is primarily based on scale; ease of use, convenience and accessibility;
brand recognition; breadth, depth, and efficacy of telehealth services; technology; clinical quality; customer support; cost; reputation;
and customer satisfaction and value. 

15 

DocGo may not be successful
in maintaining or growing its competitive position in one or more of its existing markets or in those into which it may expand. Some of
DocGo s competitors may have access to greater financial or other resources than it does, which may afford them greater power, efficiency,
financial flexibility, geographical reach or capital resources for growth. In addition, some of DocGo s competitors are vertically
integrated and can leverage this structure to their advantage. DocGo may fail to identify optimal service or geographic markets, focus
its attention on suboptimal service or geographic markets or fail to execute an appropriate business model in certain service or geographic
markets. DocGo s competitors may develop new services or technologies that are superior to DocGo s, develop more efficient
or effective methods of providing services or adapt more quickly, efficiently or effectively than DocGo to new technologies and opportunities.
DocGo s competitors may be positioned to provide better services or influence customer requirements, or more quickly respond to
changing customer requirements, and thereby establish stronger customer relationships. DocGo s competitors may offer their services
at lower prices because, among other things, they may possess the ability to provide similar services more efficiently, as part of a bundle
with other services or generally at a lower cost. These pricing pressures could require DocGo to lower its prices to at or below its costs,
requiring DocGo to sacrifice margins or incur losses. Alternatively, DocGo may choose to forgo entering certain markets or exit other
markets, which could limit its growth and competitive reach. Any failure by DocGo to compete or to generally maintain and improve its
competitive position could adversely affect its business, financial condition and results of operations. 

DocGo s revenue could be adversely
affected if it loses some or all of its business under existing contracts. 

A significant portion of DocGo s
revenue growth has historically resulted from increases in the business and related fees it collects under existing contracts and the
addition of new contracts. DocGo s contracts with healthcare providers and other customers generally have terms of one to three years,
and most of its contracts are terminable by either of the parties upon notice of as little as 30 days. Even if DocGo has an existing
contract with a healthcare provider, the contract does not create any exclusive relationship and even if DocGo is given preferred status,
the customer often still does business with one or more of DocGo s competitors. For example, execution under DocGo s medical
transportation services contracts requires that an ambulance or other necessary fleet vehicle be available and within a certain proximity
and the time of need and, if one is not available, the customer can and will seek alternative options. Furthermore, certain of DocGo s
contracts will expire during each fiscal period, and DocGo may be required to seek renewal of these contracts through a formal bidding
process. Even if DocGo is successful in renewing the contract, the contract may contain terms that are not as favorable to DocGo as its
current contracts. There can be no assurances that DocGo will successfully retain its existing contracts and any loss of contracts or
reduction in services provided thereunder or under any renewal could have a material adverse effect on DocGo s business, financial
condition and results of operations. 

DocGo s reliance on government contracts
could adversely affect its business. 

In recent years, DocGo s
government contract work has represented a substantial portion of its overall revenue, representing approximately 64 and 65 of DocGo s
revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and maintaining and continuing to grow this revenue stream
is an important part of DocGo s growth strategy. However, government contract work is subject to significant risks and uncertainties.
For example, only eligible parties can bid on and service most government contracts, which requires DocGo to comply with various statutes,
rules, regulations and other governmental policies, including those related to wages, benefits, overtime, working conditions, equal employment
opportunity, affirmative action and drug testing. If DocGo fails to comply with any of these requirements, it may be suspended or barred
from government work or subject to various administrative sanctions and civil and criminal penalties and fines. Government contract work
subjects DocGo to government audits, investigations, and proceedings, which could also lead to DocGo being barred from government work
or subjected to fines if it is determined that a statute, rule, regulation, policy or contractual provision has been violated. Audits
can also lead to adjustments to the amount of contract costs DocGo believes are reimbursable or to the ultimate amount DocGo may be paid
under the agreement. 

16 

In addition, government contracts
typically include strict provisions relating to service level agreements SLAs ), involving specific operating performance
metrics with which the provider must comply. Failure to comply with these SLAs could result in DocGo receiving reduced revenues from these
contracts, DocGo being removed from the project in favor of another provider or DocGo s programs ceasing entirely. 

Additionally, governments
are typically under no obligation to maintain funding at any specific level, and funds for government programs can be eliminated with
little or no notice. Given the currently uncertain general economic outlook, whereby a recession could lead to a reduction in a government s
tax revenues, as well as potential changes in the controlling political party in these municipalities, who might be less favorably inclined
toward government spending on health care and other social services, the long-term outlook for funding for certain government programs
is uncertain. As a result, contracts with government agencies may only be partially funded or may be terminated, and DocGo may not realize
all of the potential revenue from those contracts. Government contracts typically can be paused or canceled entirely at any time, in whole
or in part, at the government s convenience or the government can default with little or no prior notice. Under these circumstances,
the contractor typically receives payment only for the lesser of the work completed or the amount authorized under the contract, but not
the anticipated revenue and profit that could have been earned had the contract been completed. A temporary stoppage or delay or the complete
cancellation of a project can create inefficiencies, such as leaving portions of DocGo s fleet idle for a significant period of
time, cause DocGo to lose some or all of its investment in the project or result in financial and other damages that DocGo may not be
able to recover from the government. The timing of project awards, including expansions of existing projects, is also unpredictable and
can involve complex and lengthy negotiations and competitive bidding processes. Other risks associated with government contracting include
more extended collection cycles and heightened or unlimited indemnification obligations. Any failure to maintain and grow DocGo s
government contract revenues for one or more of these or any other reasons could adversely affect DocGo s business, financial condition
and results of operations. 

A significant portion of DocGo s recent
revenue growth is derived from a small number of large customers. 

A significant portion of DocGo s
revenues and income growth in 2022 was derived from a from a limited number of customers. For the year ended December 31, 2022, one customer
accounted for approximately 35 of total sales, while no other customer accounted for as much as 10 of total revenue. This customer is
a public benefit corporation, operating and provisioning services on behalf of a variety of municipal agencies. DocGo s services
for this customer are provided under several different contracts, spanning a variety of projects. These contracts are not guaranteed and
are terminable at will by the customer. However, termination of any one of those particular contracts does not necessarily indicate a
greater likelihood of termination of any of the customer s other contracts, as these contracts are awarded on a per project basis,
with each project running independently of the others. DocGo cannot assure you that this customer or other large customers will continue
to do business with it on terms or at rates currently in effect, if at all, or will not elect to do business with DocGo s competitors
or otherwise perform their own services themselves. The loss of one of DocGo s top customers, if not offset by revenues from new
or other existing customers, could have a material adverse effect on DocGo s business, financial condition and results of operations. 

DocGo may enter into a large-scale deployment
of resources in response to a national emergency as a subcontractor to FEMA or other similar entities, which may adversely affect DocGo s
business. 

DocGo does not believe that
a FEMA deployment would adversely affect its ability to service its customers, and DocGo is not contractually obligated to respond to
FEMA requests. However, if management elects to participate in response to a national emergency, any significant FEMA deployment would
require significant management attention and could reduce DocGo s ability to pursue other opportunities, including to pursue geographic
expansion and its growth strategies, which could have an adverse effect on DocGo s business, financial condition and results of
operations. 

17 

Risks Related to DocGo s Limited
Operating History 

DocGo s limited operating history
may make it difficult to evaluate its business, which may be unsuccessful. 

DocGo has a limited operating
history since its inception in 2015. As such, there is limited information on which to base an evaluation of its business and prospects.
DocGo s operations are subject to all of the risks inherent in the establishment of a recently formed business, including adding
management personnel, managing general expenditures, and managing the timing of payments to vendors and cash receipts from customers,
and its success may be limited by unexpected expenses, difficulties, inefficiencies, complications and delays, including the need for
additional financing, challenges with the successful commercialization of its services and its geographic expansion, market and customer
acceptance of its services and technologies, unexpected issues with federal or state regulatory authorities, competition from larger operations,
uncertain intellectual property protection, fluctuations in expenses and dependence on corporate partners and collaborators. Any failure
to successfully address these and other risks and uncertainties commonly associated with early-stage companies could seriously harm DocGo s
business and prospects, and it may not succeed given the challenges it faces in the markets in which it operates or may choose to expand
into in the future. Additionally, DocGo s strategy of providing healthcare transportation services with significant reliance on
a mobile platform is novel, the telehealth industry is nascent and still evolving and there are no well-established companies offering
the last-mile telehealth solutions that DocGo offers, all of which carry its own unique risks, including market and consumer
acceptance and adoption. Any evaluation of DocGo s business and its prospects must be considered in light of these factors and the
other risks and uncertainties frequently encountered by companies in this early stage of development. No assurance can be given that DocGo
will be able to successfully navigate these issues or implement any of its growth strategies in a timely or effective manner, which could
negatively impact DocGo s business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Much of DocGo s revenue,
employee and operations growth has occurred during the past three years, which has been partially driven by significant COVID-related
impacts. The Company estimates that COVID testing related revenue for 2021 was approximately 110 million and 75 million in 2022. However,
as the COVID-19 pandemic has reached endemic levels and demand for COVID-related products has subsided, DocGo s COVID testing-related
revenues have declined, and at the end of 2022 represented an insignificant proportion of the Company s overall revenues. DocGo s
future growth will be driven by its ability to continue to replace these COVID-testing-related revenues with other revenue streams. DocGo s
ability to forecast its future operating results is limited and subject to a number of uncertainties, including its ability to predict
revenue and expense levels, and plan for and model future growth. 

DocGo has a history of losses, expects its
operating expenses to increase significantly in the foreseeable future and may not achieve or sustain profitability. 

From inception to 2021, DocGo
recorded a net loss each fiscal year. Fiscal year 2021 was the first year in which DocGo recorded net income, and DocGo recorded net income
of 22.8 million in fiscal year 2022. Prior to 2021, when DocGo recorded 19.2 million in net income, DocGo had experienced a net loss
in each year since inception, including a net loss of 14.8 million for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020. As of
December 31, 2022, DocGo had an accumulated deficit of 36.6 million. While DocGo has recently been able to generate revenues
and believes its business strategy provides for predictable revenue streams in future periods, its revenues may not increase in future
periods, and it may resume incurring net losses for some time as it continues to grow. Even if DocGo generates net income in a given year,
there remains the likelihood that the Company could incur net losses in any given quarter, given the fluctuating nature of revenues and
expenses, particularly given the significant costs that are incurred during the beginning stages of new projects, coupled with marketing
and personnel costs incurred for developing potential new business lines. It is difficult for DocGo to predict its future results of operations,
and it expects its operating expenses to increase significantly over the next several years as it continues to expand its operations
and infrastructure, acquire additional vehicles, hire additional personnel, make and integrate future acquisitions and invest in technology
and research and development. In addition to the costs to grow its business, DocGo also expects to incur significant additional legal,
accounting and other expenses as a public company. If DocGo fails to increase its revenue to offset the increases in its operating expenses,
DocGo may not achieve or sustain profitability in the future. 

18 

If DocGo is unable to effectively manage
its growth, its financial performance and future prospects will be adversely affected. 

Since DocGo s inception
in 2015, it has experienced rapid growth in the United States and more recently, internationally in the United Kingdom, and
it expects to continue to grow in the future. For example, DocGo s revenues have grown from 30.9 million in the year ended
December 31, 2017 to 440.5 million in the year ended December 31, 2022, and DocGo s employee base has grown to nearly
3,000 employees (exclusive of independent contractors and agency employees) in just over seven years. This growth has placed, and
may continue to place, significant strain on DocGo s management, its operational and financial infrastructure and its controls and
procedures, which may not be adequate to support this growth or sustain further expansion in the future. 

DocGo s ability to effectively
manage its growth has required, and will continue to require, it to expand and improve its operational and financial infrastructure, including
its controls and procedures, and to retain, attract, train, motivate and manage employees, including qualified medical professionals,
operations personnel and financial and accounting staff. Additionally, DocGo has needed to, and will continue to need to, integrate new
technologies and acquisitions into its existing business and establish consistent policies across regions and functions. Achieving these
goals has required DocGo to commit substantial financial, operational and technical resources, and DocGo expects these demands to persist,
and very likely to increase, as it continues to grow in the future. 

The expansion and increasing
complexity of DocGo s business has placed significant strain on its operations, personnel and systems and further growth in the
future could restrict DocGo s ability to develop and improve its operational, financial and management controls and enhance its
reporting systems and procedures. If DocGo is not able to effectively manage this expansion in its operations and attract, train and retain
additional qualified personnel in an efficient manner, DocGo s operations and services will be adversely affected and its customers
may choose one or more of its competitors. Additionally, DocGo s failure to maintain or upgrade its technology infrastructure effectively
to support its growth or otherwise maintain its technological competitive advantage could result in unanticipated system disruptions,
slow response times, or an unsatisfactory customer experience, any of which could cause DocGo to no longer be in compliance with the minimum
service levels required by certain customer contracts. An inability to maintain effective management, financial and reporting systems,
controls and procedures could adversely affect DocGo s ability to provide timely and accurate financial information or result in
a misstatement of account balances or disclosures. If DocGo is unable to effectively manage its recent or future growth, its operations,
business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

DocGo is currently an emerging growth
company and it cannot be certain if the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies will make the Common
Stock less attractive to investors. 

DocGo is currently an emerging
growth company as defined in the JOBS Act. As an emerging growth company, DocGo is only required to provide two years of audited
financial statements and only two years of related selected financial data and management discussion and analysis of financial condition
and results of operations disclosure. In addition, DocGo is not required to obtain auditor attestation of its reporting on internal control
over financial reporting, has reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation and is not required to hold non-binding advisory
votes on executive compensation. In addition, the JOBS Act provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of an extended
transition period to comply with new or revised accounting standards. This allows an emerging growth company to delay the adoption
of these accounting standards until they would otherwise apply to private companies. DocGo has elected to take advantage of such extended
transition period. DocGo cannot predict whether investors will find its Common Stock to be less attractive as a result of its reliance
on these exemptions. If some investors find its Common Stock to be less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market
for the Common Stock and the price of the Common Stock may be more volatile than the historical trading market. 

DocGo will remain an emerging
growth company until the earliest of: (i) the end of the fiscal year in which DocGo has total annual gross revenue of 1.07 billion;
(ii) the last day of DocGo s fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the Initial Public Offering (or December 31,
2025); (iii) the date on which DocGo issues more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt during the preceding three-year period;
or (iv) the end of the fiscal year in which the market value of the Common Stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million
as of the last business day of its most recently completed second fiscal quarter. 

Further, there is no guarantee
that the exemptions available under the JOBS Act will result in significantly lower compliance costs. To the extent that DocGo chooses
not to use exemptions from various reporting requirements under the JOBS Act, or if it is no longer an emerging growth company, it will
incur additional compliance costs, which may impact DocGo s financial condition. 

19 

Risks Related to Information Technology 

DocGo relies on data center providers, Internet
infrastructure, bandwidth providers, third-party computer hardware and software, other third parties and DocGo s own systems for
providing services to DocGo s clients and consumers, and any failure or interruption in the services provided by these third parties
or DocGo s own systems could expose DocGo to disputes, litigation and negatively impact DocGo s relationships with clients,
adversely affecting DocGo s brand and DocGo s business. Such disputes and litigation could cause DocGo to incur significant
additional legal and other expenses. 

DocGo serves its clients and
consumers from two geographically dispersed data centers, one in the United States and one in the United Kingdom. While DocGo controls
and has access to its servers, DocGo does not control the operation of these facilities. The owners of DocGo s data center facilities
have no obligation to renew their agreements with DocGo on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. If DocGo is unable to renew these
agreements on commercially reasonable terms, or if one of DocGo s data center operators is acquired, DocGo may be required to transfer
its servers and other infrastructure to new data center facilities, and DocGo may incur significant costs and possible service interruption
in connection with doing so. Problems faced by DocGo s third-party data center locations with the telecommunication network providers
with whom DocGo or they contract, or with the systems by which DocGo s telecommunications providers allocate capacity among their
clients, including us, could adversely affect the experience of our clients and consumers. DocGo s third-party data center operators
could decide to close their facilities without adequate notice. In addition, any financial difficulties, such as bankruptcy faced by DocGo s
third-party data center operators or any of the service providers with whom DocGo or they contract may have negative effects on our business,
the nature and extent of which are difficult to predict. 

Additionally, if DocGo s
data centers are unable to keep up with DocGo s growing needs for capacity, this could have an adverse effect on DocGo s business.
For example, a rapid expansion of DocGo s business could affect the service levels at DocGo s data centers or cause such data
centers and systems to fail. Any changes in third-party service levels at DocGo s data centers or any disruptions or other performance
problems with DocGo s solution could adversely affect DocGo s reputation and may damage DocGo s clients and consumers 
stored files or result in lengthy interruptions in DocGo s services. Interruptions in DocGo s services may reduce DocGo s
revenue, cause us to issue refunds to clients for prepaid and unused subscriptions, as well as penalties related to service level credits
and uptime, subject to potential liability or adversely affect client renewal rates. 

In addition, our ability to
deliver DocGo s Internet-based services depends on the development and maintenance of the infrastructure of the Internet by third
parties. This includes maintenance of a reliable network backbone with the necessary speed, data capacity, bandwidth capacity and security.
Our services are designed to operate without interruption in accordance with DocGo s service level commitments. However, DocGo has
experienced, including during the period immediately following the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic, and expect that DocGo may experience
in the future interruptions and delays in services and availability from time to time. In the event of a catastrophic event with respect
to one or more of DocGo s systems, DocGo may experience an extended period of system unavailability, which could negatively impact
DocGo s relationship with clients and customers. To operate without interruption, both DocGo and its service providers must guard
against: 

damage from fire, power loss, natural disasters
and other force majeure events outside DocGo s control; 

communications failures; 

software and hardware errors, failures and crashes; 

security breaches, computer viruses, hacking,
denial-of-service attacks, and similar disruptive problems; and 

other potential interruptions. 

20 

DocGo also relies on
computer hardware purchased and software licensed from third parties in order to offer its services. These licenses are generally commercially
available on varying terms. However, it is possible that this hardware and software may not continue to be available on commercially reasonable
terms, or at all. Any loss of the right to use any of this hardware or software could result in delays in the provisions of DocGo s
services until equivalent technology is either developed by DocGo or, if available from third parties, is identified, obtained and integrated. 

DocGo exercises limited
control over third-party vendors, which increases DocGo s vulnerability to problems with technology and information services they
provide. Interruptions in DocGo s network access and services may in connection with third-party technology and information services
reduce DocGo s revenues, cause DocGo to issue refunds to clients, subject DocGo to potential liability and adversely affect client
renewal rates. Although DocGo maintains a security and privacy damages insurance policy, the coverage under DocGo s policies may
not be adequate to compensate DocGo for all losses that may occur related to the services provided by DocGo s third-party vendors.
In addition, DocGo may not be able to continue to obtain adequate insurance coverage at an acceptable cost, if at all. 

DocGo s ability to rely
on these services of third-party vendors could be impaired as a result of the failure of such providers to comply with applicable laws,
regulations and contractual covenants, or as a result of events affecting such providers, such as power loss, telecommunication failures,
software or hardware errors, computer viruses, cyber incidents and similar disruptive problems, fire, flood and natural disasters. Any
such failure or event could adversely affect DocGo s relationships with its clients and damage its reputation. This could materially
and adversely impact DocGo s business, financial condition and operating results. 

DocGo s proprietary software may not
operate properly, which could damage DocGo s reputation, give rise to claims against DocGo or divert application of DocGo s
resources from other purpose, any of which could harm DocGo s business, financial condition and results of operations. 

DocGo s platform provides
consumers the ability to, among other things, register for DocGo s services; complete, view and edit medical history; request a
visit (either scheduled or on demand); and conduct a visit (via video or phone). Proprietary software development is time-consuming, expensive
and complex, and may involve unforeseen difficulties. DocGo encounters technical obstacles from time to time, and it is possible that
DocGo may discover additional problems that prevent its proprietary applications from operating properly or in accordance with its contractual
obligations to its customers. If DocGo s solution does not function reliably or fails to achieve client expectations in terms of
performance, clients could assert claims against DocGo or attempt to cancel their contracts with DocGo. This could damage DocGo s
reputation, lead to a loss of revenues and impair its ability to attract or maintain clients. 

Moreover, data services are
complex and those DocGo offers have in the past contained, and may in the future develop or contain, undetected defects or errors. Material
performance problems, defects or errors in DocGo s existing or new software-based products and services may arise in the future
and may result from interface of our solution with systems and data that DocGo did not develop and the function of which is outside of
DocGo s control or undetected in our testing. These defects and errors, and any failure by DocGo to identify and address them, could
result in loss of revenue or market share, diversion of development resources, harm to DocGo s reputation and increased service
and maintenance costs. Defects or errors may discourage existing or potential clients from purchasing our solution from DocGo. Correction
of defects or errors could prove to be impossible or impracticable. The costs incurred in correcting any defects or errors may be substantial
and could have a material adverse effect on DocGo s financial condition and results of operations. 

DocGo invested in and implemented
upgraded information systems and processes in 2022. While DocGo expects these investments to provide incremental advantages, DocGo cannot
assure you that all enhancements will be completed in a timely manner, within DocGo s budget or that such enhancements will be sufficient
to meet the expectations of DocGo s current and prospective customers. 

21 

If DocGo cannot implement its solution for
clients or resolve any technical issues in a timely manner, DocGo may lose clients and its reputation may be harmed. 

DocGo s clients utilize
a variety of data formats, applications and information systems and our solution must support clients data formats and integrate
with complex enterprise applications and information systems. If DocGo s enterprise software does not currently support a client s
required data format or appropriate integrate with a client s applications and information systems, then DocGo must configure its
enterprise software to do so, which increases DocGo s expenses. Additionally, DocGo does not control its clients implementation
schedules. As a result, if DocGo s clients do not allocate the internal resources necessary to meet their implementation responsibilities,
or if DocGo faces unanticipated implementation difficulties, the implementation may be delayed. If the client implementation process is
not executed successfully or if execution is delayed, DocGo could incur significant costs, clients could become dissatisfied and decide
not to increase utilization of DocGo s solution or not to implement DocGo s solution beyond an initial term of commitment
or, in some cases, revenue recognition could be delayed. In addition, competitors with more efficient operating models with lower implementation
costs could jeopardize DocGo s client relationships. 

DocGo s clients depend
on DocGo s support services to resolve any technical issues relating to DocGo s solution and services, and DocGo may be unable
to respond quickly enough to accommodate short-term increases in member demand for support services, particularly as DocGo increases the
size of its client, member and patient bases. DocGo may also be unable to modify the format of its support services to compete with changes
in support services provided by competitors. It is difficult to predict member demand for technical support services, and if member demand
increases significantly, DocGo may be unable to provide satisfactory support services to its consumers. Further, if DocGo is unable to
address consumers needs in a timely fashion or further develop and enhance its solution, or if a client or member is not satisfied
with the quality of work performed by DocGo or with the technical support services rendered, then DocGo could incur additional costs to
address the situation or be required to issue credits or refunds for amounts related to unused services, and DocGo s profitability
may be impaired and clients dissatisfaction with DocGo s solution could damage its ability to expand the number of software-based
products and services purchased by such clients. These clients may not renew their contracts, seek to terminate their relationship with
DocGo or renew on less favorable terms. Moreover, negative publicity related to DocGo s client relationships, regardless of its
accuracy, may further damage its business, by affecting its reputation or ability to compete for new business with current or prospective
clients. If any of these were to occur, DocGo s revenue may decline and its business, financial condition and results of operations
could be adversely affected. 

DocGo s reliance on third-party software
could adversely affect its business. 

DocGo s success depends
in part on its integrations and relationships with third-party software providers, particularly with the development and expansion
of DocGo s offerings and technologies. DocGo also relies on third-party encryption and authentication technologies licensed
from third parties that are designed to securely transmit electronic medical records and other personal patient information. DocGo uses
third-party software internally as well, including for communication purposes. If these third parties cease to provide access to
the software that DocGo uses, if it is not available on terms that DocGo believes to be reasonable, or it is not available in the most
current version, DocGo may be required to seek comparable software from other sources, which may be more expensive or inferior, or may
not be available at all. Some of DocGo s technology partners may also take actions which disrupt the utility of the software to
DocGo or the interoperability of DocGo s platform with their own products or services, or exert strong business influence on DocGo s
ability to and the terms on which it operates and distributes its platform. Additionally, third-party services and products are constantly
evolving, and DocGo may not be able to modify its operations or platform to assure its compatibility with that of other third parties
following development changes. DocGo s third-party licenses are typically non-exclusive and its competitors may obtain
the right to use any of the technology covered by these licenses to compete directly with it. If any of DocGo s technology partners
limits access or modifies their products, standards or terms of use in a manner that degrades the functionality or performance of DocGo s
platform, that is otherwise unsatisfactory or adverse to DocGo, or that gives preferential treatment to competitive products or services,
DocGo s business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

22 

Some of DocGo s software and systems
contain open-source software, which may pose particular risks to DocGo s proprietary software, technologies, products and services
in a manner that could harm its business. 

DocGo uses software licensed
to DocGo by third-party developers under open source licenses in connection with the development or deployment of its proprietary
software and expects to continue to use open-source software in the future. Some open-source licenses contain express requirements, which
may be triggered under certain circumstances, that licensees make available source code for modifications or derivative works created
or prohibit such modifications or derivative works from being licensed for a fee. Although DocGo monitors its use of any open-source software
to avoid subjecting its platform to such requirements, the terms of many open-source licenses have not been interpreted by U.S. or foreign
courts, and there is a risk that these licenses could be construed in a way that could impose unanticipated conditions or restrictions
on DocGo s ability to develop or use its proprietary software. DocGo may face claims from third parties demanding the release or
license of the open-source software or derivative works that DocGo developed from such software (which could include its proprietary source
code) or otherwise seeking to enforce the terms of applicable open-source licenses. These claims could result in litigation and could
require DocGo to publicly release portions of its proprietary source code or cease distributing or otherwise using the implicated solutions
unless and until DocGo can re-engineer them. 

In addition, DocGo s
use of open-source software may present greater risks than use of other third-party commercial software, as open-source licensors generally
do not provide support, warranties, indemnification or other contractual protections regarding infringement claims or the quality of the
code. To the extent that DocGo s platform depends upon the successful operation of open-source software, any undetected errors or
defects in open-source software that DocGo uses could prevent the deployment or impair the functionality of its systems and injure its
reputation. In addition, the public availability of such software may make it easier for others to compromise its platform. Any of these
risks could be difficult to eliminate or manage and, if not addressed, could have an adverse effect on DocGo s business, financial
condition and results of operations. 

Security breaches, loss of data and other
disruptions could compromise sensitive business, customer or patient information or prevent DocGo from accessing critical information
and expose it to liability, which could adversely affect DocGo s business. 

DocGo is highly dependent
on information technology networks and systems, including on-site systems, managed data center systems and cloud-based computing
center systems, to securely process, transmit and store sensitive data and information, such as protected health information PHI and other types of personal data or personally identifiable information PII relating to its employees, customers, patients
and other confidential or proprietary business information. Computer malware, viruses, spamming, and phishing attacks have become more
prevalent, have occurred on DocGo s systems in the past, and may occur on DocGo s systems in the future. Various other factors
may also cause system failures, including power outages, catastrophic events, inadequate or ineffective redundancy, issues with upgrading
or creating new systems or platforms, flaws in third-party software or services, errors or intentional acts by DocGo s employees
or third-party service providers, or breaches in the security of these systems or platforms. These and other issues can create system
disruptions, shutdowns or unauthorized access to or disclosure or modifications of such sensitive data or information, including PHI or
PII. DocGo also utilizes third-party service providers for important aspects of the collection, storage, processing and transmission
of this sensitive information and therefore is dependent on these third parties to similarly manage cybersecurity risks. 

23 

Because of the sensitivity
of PHI, other PII and other sensitive information that DocGo and its service providers collect, store, transmit, and otherwise process,
the security of DocGo s technology platform and other aspects of its services, including those provided or facilitated by DocGo s
third-party service providers, are important to DocGo s operations and business strategy. DocGo takes certain administrative,
physical and technological safeguards to address these risks, such as by requiring contractors and other third-party service providers
who handle this PHI, other PII and other sensitive information to enter into agreements that contractually obligate them to use reasonable
efforts to safeguard such PHI, other PII, and other sensitive information. DocGo is also in the process of upgrading its systems to be
ISO 27001 and Service Organization Controls (SOC) 2 compliant. Measures taken to protect DocGo s systems, those of its contractors
or third-party service providers, or the PHI, other PII, or other sensitive information DocGo or contractors or third-party service
providers process or maintain, may not adequately protect DocGo from the risks associated with the collection, storage, processing and
transmission of such sensitive information. Additionally, updates or upgrades to systems, including those currently underway with respect
to ISO 27001 and SOC 2 compliance, are time-consuming and costly, and they may not be effective in preventing data breaches or operate
as designed, and they could create new inefficiencies or vulnerabilities. DocGo may also be required to expend significant capital and
other resources to address problems caused by security breaches. Despite DocGo s implementation of security measures, cyberattacks
are becoming more sophisticated and frequent. As a result, DocGo or its third-party service providers may be unable to anticipate
these techniques or to implement adequate protective measures. If DocGo is unable to earn and maintain necessary certifications, including
ISO 27001 and SOC 2 compliance, it could result in reputational harm and customer churn, and adversely affect DocGo s ability to
provide its services. 

A security breach or privacy
violation that leads to disclosure or unauthorized use or modification of, or that prevents access to or otherwise impacts the confidentiality,
security, or integrity of, patient information, including PHI or other PII, or other sensitive information that DocGo or its contractors
or third-party service providers maintain or otherwise process, could harm DocGo s reputation, compel it to comply with breach
notification laws, cause it to incur significant costs for remediation, fines, penalties, notification to individuals, measures intended
to repair or replace systems or technology and to prevent future occurrences, cause potential increases in insurance premiums, and require
DocGo to verify the accuracy of database contents, resulting in increased costs or loss of revenue. If DocGo is unable to prevent or mitigate
such security breaches or privacy violations or implement satisfactory remedial measures, or if it is perceived that DocGo has been unable
to do so, its operations or the functionality of its innovative technology could be disrupted; it may be unable to provide access to its
systems; it could lose customers; it could see negative repercussions to its reputation, adverse impacts on customers, loss of customer
and investor confidence, financial loss; and it could be subject to governmental investigations or other actions, regulatory or contractual
penalties, and other claims and liabilities. In addition, security breaches and other inappropriate access to, or acquisition or processing
of, information can be difficult to detect, and any delay in identifying such incidents or in providing any notification of such incidents
may lead to increased harms. 

Any such breach or interruption
of DocGo s systems or those of any of its third-party service providers could compromise DocGo s networks or data security
processes and sensitive information could be made inaccessible or could be accessed by unauthorized parties, publicly disclosed, lost
or stolen. Any such interruption in access, improper access, disclosure or other loss of information could result in legal claims or proceedings,
liability under laws and regulations that protect the privacy of member information or other personal information, such as the Health
Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical
Health Act of 2009 HITECH ), and their implementing regulations and related rules (collectively, HIPAA ),
and regulatory penalties. Unauthorized access, loss or dissemination could also disrupt DocGo s operations, including its ability
to perform its services, access customer and patient health information, collect, process, and prepare company financial information,
and provide information about DocGo s current and future services. Any such breach could also compromise DocGo s trade secrets
and other proprietary information, which could adversely affect DocGo s business and competitive position. While DocGo maintains
insurance covering certain data security and privacy damages and claim expenses, it may not carry insurance or maintain coverage sufficient
to compensate for all liabilities and even if covered, it would not address the reputational damage that could result from a security
incident. 

As of the date of this filing,
DocGo has not been impacted by any security breaches to its technology platform, including its on-site systems, managed data center
systems and cloud-based computing center systems. 

24 

Risks Related to DocGo s
Operations 

DocGo s success depends on its key
management personnel. 

DocGo s success depends
to a significant degree upon the contributions of certain key management personnel. The loss of any of DocGo s key personnel could
affect its ability to run its business effectively. DocGo s success will depend on its ability to retain its current management
and to develop, attract, and retain qualified personnel in the future. Competition for senior management personnel is intense with increasingly
aggressive compensation packages, and DocGo cannot assure you that it can retain its key personnel or that its succession planning will
prove effective. The loss of a member of senior management requires the remaining executive officers and the Board of Directors of DocGo
(the Board to divert immediate and substantial attention to seeking a replacement. The inability to fill vacancies in DocGo s
key personnel positions, including executive positions, on a timely basis could adversely affect its ability to implement its business
strategy, which would negatively impact its results of operations. 

DocGo s labor costs are significant
and any inability to control those costs could adversely affect its business. 

Labor expenses (which includes both directly employed personnel as
well as subcontracted labor) are DocGo s largest cost, representing approximately 69 and 60 of its 2022 and 2021 revenues, respectively.
DocGo competes, in a highly competitive labor market, with other healthcare providers to attract healthcare professionals, including EMTs,
paramedics and nurses, to support its operations. In some markets in which DocGo operates, the lack of availability of clinical personnel
has become a significant operating issue that all healthcare providers face. This labor shortage has, and could continue in the future,
require DocGo to increase wages and benefits to recruit and retain qualified personnel or to identify and contract with more expensive
temporary personnel. DocGo also depends on the available labor pool of technology-skilled workers in certain of the markets in which
it operates. 

If DocGo s labor costs
increase, and it is unable to raise rates to offset these increased costs, DocGo s results of operations and cash flows will likely
be adversely affected. In particular, because a significant percentage of DocGo s revenue consists of fixed, prospective payments,
its ability to pass along increased labor costs is limited. If labor costs rise at an annual rate greater than its revenues, DocGo s
results of operations and cash flows will likely be adversely affected. 

Any union activity that may
occur within DocGo s workforce in the future could contribute to increased labor costs. Certain proposed changes in federal labor
laws and the National Labor Relations Board s modification of its election procedures could increase the likelihood of employee
unionization attempts. Although none of DocGo s employees are currently represented by a collective bargaining agreement, to the
extent a significant portion of its employee base unionizes, it is possible DocGo s labor costs could increase materially. DocGo s
failure to recruit and retain qualified healthcare professionals, or to control labor costs, could have a material adverse effect on DocGo s
business, financial condition and results of operations. 

DocGo s inability to successfully
recruit, train and retain qualified healthcare professionals could adversely affect its business. 

The pool of qualified healthcare
professionals, including EMTs, paramedics, LPNs and nurses, available to staff DocGo s broad spectrum of contracts and customer
needs is limited and DocGo invests significant resources to attract, train and retain these professionals. There is a relatively high
rate of turnover in healthcare professional positions and, with DocGo s expansion, its requirements in these positions have increased
significantly. A significant number of employees have joined DocGo in recent years as it has grown, and DocGo s success is
dependent on its ability to maintain and instill its culture, align its talent with its business needs, engage its employees and inspire
them to be open to change, to innovate and to maintain a customer-driven focus when delivering its services. As such, DocGo s
ability to recruit, train and retain a sufficient number of qualified healthcare professionals has a direct impact on its operations. 

25 

DocGo has, from time to time,
experienced, and it expects to continue to experience, difficulty in hiring and retaining healthcare professionals with appropriate qualifications,
a difficulty that is amplified by the scope of the geographic and demographic diversity of the markets in which DocGo operates or may
expand into in the future. In the U.S., this difficulty is exacerbated by the currently tight labor market. Moreover, DocGo s customers,
including the healthcare providers with which it partners, have increasingly demanded a greater degree of specialized skills, training
and experience in the healthcare professionals providing services under their contracts, which also decreases the number of healthcare
professionals who may be qualified to staff certain of DocGo s contracts. DocGo competes with other companies to recruit and retain
these qualified healthcare professionals, including DocGo s direct competitors, government and private emergency and first responders
as well as healthcare providers, including DocGo s partners and customers. Competition to fill these positions can be even greater
in certain geographic regions, including more rural or economically depressed areas. In addition, the COVID-19 pandemic has significantly
increased the demand for healthcare professionals in all regards, which makes it more difficult for DocGo to attract and retain the necessary
qualified professionals. If DocGo is unable to attract, train and retain highly qualified healthcare professions, or if turnover rates
are higher than it anticipates, it could have an adverse effect on DocGo s business, financial condition and results of operations. 

DocGo s employees may work in challenging
environments. 

DocGo
operates in a highly regulated environment with constantly evolving legal and regulatory frameworks. Consequently, the Company is subject
to heightened risk of legal claims or other regulatory enforcement actions. Although the Company has implemented policies and procedures
designed to ensure compliance with existing laws and regulations, there can be no assurance that our team members, contractors, or agents
will not violate our policies and procedures. Moreover, a failure to maintain effective control processes could lead to violations, unintentional
or otherwise, of laws and regulations and may put our employees and others in close proximity to potentially harmful environments or situations.
These potentially harmful environments or situations may result in injuries to DocGo s employees, which could result in liability
to DocGo or delay the completion or commencement of DocGo s services. 

Unsafe work sites also
have the potential to lead to claims, litigation or other liability, or increase employee turnover, increase costs, damage DocGo s
reputation and brand and raise its operating and insurance costs. Any of the foregoing could result in, among other things, financial
losses, litigation or other liability or reputational harm, which could have a material adverse effect on DocGo s business, financial
condition and results of operations. 

DocGo s inability to collect on its
customer receivables or unfavorable shifts in payor mix could adversely affect its business. 

The general practice in DocGo s
industry is to provide healthcare services in advance of payment and, in many cases, prior to any assessment of the patient s insurance
coverage and his or her ability to pay in the event insurance coverage is not available. DocGo ultimately bills a number of different
payors, including private insurance, Medicare and Medicaid, the healthcare provider or facility and self-pay patients. These different
payors typically have different billing, coding, documentation and other compliance requirements that DocGo must satisfy and any procedural
deficiencies or incorrect or incomplete information could result in delays or partial or complete non-payment for the services DocGo
has rendered. Changes in payor mix, particularly those that increase the percentage of patients covered by lower paying government programs
as compared to private insurance or that increase the percentage of self-pay patients, can reduce the amount DocGo receives for its
services and adversely affect DocGo s ability to collect on its receivables. The ability to bill and collect on certain accounts
may also be limited by statutory, regulatory and investigatory initiatives, such as restrictions on charges for out-of-network services
or by private lawsuits, including those directed at healthcare charges and collection practices for uninsured and underinsured patients.
Other factors that can adversely affect DocGo s billing and collection efforts include general macroeconomic conditions, disputes
between payors as to which party is responsible for payment, variation in coverage for similar services among various payors and the ability
of individual patients to pay. These and other risks and uncertainties that impact DocGo s ability to timely bill and collect on
its receivables or the amount DocGo can charge for its services could adversely affect DocGo s business, financial condition or
results of operations. 

26 

DocGo may not accurately assess the costs
it will incur under new revenue opportunities. 

DocGo must accurately assess
the costs it will incur in providing its services in order to realize adequate profit margins and otherwise meet its financial and strategic
objectives, particularly with respect to the expansion of its mobile health business. However, increasing pressures from healthcare payors
to restrict or reduce reimbursement rates at a time when the costs of providing medical services continue to increase, in particular due
to labor shortages and other factors, make assessing the costs associated with the pricing of new contracts, maintenance of existing contracts,
and pricing new services that DocGo has not previously offered, more difficult. Starting new contracts and service offerings has typically
resulted in a temporary negative impact to cash flow as DocGo absorbed various expenses before it was able to bill and collect revenue
associated with the new contracts or services. In addition, integrating new contracts, particularly those in new geographic locations,
could prove more costly, and could require more management time than DocGo anticipates. Any failure to accurately predict costs or the
timing of payments from customers or to negotiate an adequate profit margin could have a material adverse effect on DocGo s business,
financial condition and results of operations. 

If DocGo is unable to successfully develop
new offerings and technologies, or adapt to rapidly changing technology and industry standards or changes to regulatory requirements,
DocGo s business could be adversely affected. 

Technology, including the
mobile technologies DocGo utilizes on its innovative platform, is characterized by rapid change, changing consume requirements, short
product lifecycles, and evolving industry standards and changing regulatory requirements. DocGo s continued success and growth depend
in part upon its ability to enhance its solutions with next-generation technologies and to develop or to acquire and market new services
to access new consumer populations. As DocGo s operations grow, DocGo must continuously improve and upgrade its systems and infrastructure
while maintaining or improving the reliability and integrity of its infrastructure as the cost of technology increases. DocGo s
future success also depends on its ability to adapt its systems and infrastructure to meet rapidly evolving consumer trends and demands
while continuing to improve the performance, features, and reliability of its solutions in response to competitive services and offerings.
DocGo may not be able to maintain its existing systems or replace or introduce new technologies and systems as quickly as DocGo would
like or in a cost-effective manner. 

There is no guarantee that
DocGo will possess the resources, either financial or personnel, for the research, design, and development of new applications or services,
or that DocGo will be able to utilize these resources successfully and avoid technological or market obsolescence. Further, there can
be no assurance that technological advances by one or more of DocGo s competitors or future competitors will not resolute in DocGo s
present or future applications and services becoming uncompetitive or obsolete. If DocGo is unable to enhance its offerings and network
capabilities to keep pace with rapid technological and regulatory change, or if new technologies emerge that are able to deliver competitive
offerings at lower prices, more efficiently, more conveniently, or more securely than DocGo s offerings, its business, financial
condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

DocGo s success will
also depend on the availability of its mobile apps in app stores and in super-app environments, and the creations, maintenance
and development of relationships with key participants in related industries, some of which may also be DocGo s competitors. In
addition, if accessibility of various apps is limited by government actions, the full functionality of devices may not be available to
its members. Moreover, third-party platforms, services, and offerings are constantly evolving, and DocGo may not be able to modify its
platform to assures its compatibility with those third parties. If DocGo loses such interoperability, DocGo experiences difficulties or
increased costs in integrating its offerings into alternative devices or systems, or manufacturers or operating systems elect not to include
DocGo s offerings, make changes that degrade the functionality of its offerings, or give preferential treatment to competitive products,
the growth of DocGo s business, financial condition, and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. This risk
may be exacerbated by the frequency with which individuals change or upgrade their devices. In the event individuals choose devices that
do not already include or supports DocGo s platform or do not install DocGo s mobile apps when they change or upgrade their
devices, member engagement may be harmed. 

27 

DocGo s marketing efforts to help
grow its business, including its recent rebrand, may not be effective. 

Promoting awareness of DocGo s
brand, innovative technology and services is important to its ability to grow its business, to attract and retain customers and to gain
market acceptance of its products and services, and these efforts can be costly. DocGo believes that much of the growth in its business
is in part attributable to its marketing initiatives. DocGo s marketing initiatives may become increasingly expensive and generating
a meaningful return on those initiatives may be difficult. Even if DocGo successfully increases revenue as a result of its paid marketing
efforts, it may not offset the additional marketing expenses it incurs. Any factor that diminishes DocGo s reputation or that of
its brands, including adverse publicity or failing to meet the expectations of customers, could make it substantially more difficult for
DocGo to attract new customers. If these marketing efforts are not successful, DocGo s business, financial condition and results
of operations could be adversely affected. 

DocGo s insurance coverage, including
the reserves DocGo establishes with respect to its insurable losses, could adversely affect its business. 

In connection with DocGo s insurance programs, management establishes
reserves for losses and related expenses within its self-insured retention limits, which represent estimates involving actuarial
and statistical projections, at a given point in time, of DocGo s expectations of the ultimate resolution and administration costs
of losses it has incurred in respect of its liability risks. Insurance reserves inherently are subject to uncertainty. DocGo s reserves
are based on historical claims, demographic factors, industry trends, severity and exposure factors and other actuarial assumptions. DocGo
uses these actuarial estimates to determine appropriate reserves, and DocGo s reserves could be significantly affected if current
and future occurrences differ from historical claim trends and expectations. While DocGo monitors claims closely when it estimates reserves,
the complexity of the claims and the wide range of potential outcomes may hamper timely adjustments to the assumptions DocGo uses in these
estimates. Actual losses and related expenses may deviate, individually and in the aggregate, from the reserve estimates reflected in
DocGo s Consolidated Financial Statements. If DocGo determines that its estimated reserves are inadequate, it would be required
to increase reserves at the time of the determination, which would reduce DocGo s earnings in the period in which the deficiency
is determined and could have a material adverse effect on DocGo s business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Some of DocGo s insurance
coverage is through third-party insurers. To the extent DocGo holds policies to cover certain groups of claims or relies on insurance
coverage obtained by third parties to cover such claims, DocGo may still be responsible for losses. This could occur for a variety of
reasons, including if DocGo or such third parties did not obtain sufficient insurance limits, did not buy an extended reporting period
policy, where applicable, or the issuing insurance company is unable or unwilling to pay such claims. Furthermore, for DocGo s losses
that are insured or reinsured through commercial insurance companies, it is subject to the credit risk of those insurance
companies. In addition, professional liability insurance is expensive and insurance premiums may increase significantly in the future,
particularly as DocGo expands the geographies in which it does business. As a result, adequate professional liability insurance may not
be available to it in the future at acceptable costs or at all. While DocGo believes its commercial insurance company providers are creditworthy,
there can be no assurance that such insurance companies will remain so in the future, and any failure of DocGo s insurance coverage
to adequately cover any losses could have a material adverse effect on DocGo s business, financial condition and results of operations. 

28 

DocGo is required to make capital expenditures
in order to remain competitive. 

DocGo s capital expenditure
requirements primarily relate to maintaining, growing and upgrading its vehicle fleet and medical equipment to serve its customers and
remain competitive. The aging of DocGo s ambulance fleet requires DocGo to make regular capital expenditures, including to lease
newer replacement ambulances to maintain its current level of service. DocGo s net capital expenditures totaled 3.2 million
and 4.7 million in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, representing acquisitions of property and
equipment, less the proceeds from disposals of property and equipment. In addition, changing competitive conditions or the emergence of
any significant advances in medical technology could require DocGo to invest significant capital in additional equipment or capacity in
order to remain competitive. DocGo may also commit significant capital to acquiring new infrastructure to expand into new geographies.
If DocGo is unable to fund any such investment, due to macroeconomic factors such as rising inflation, lack of access to the capital markets,
rising interest rates or otherwise, or otherwise fails to invest in new ambulances, medical equipment or other infrastructure, its business,
financial condition or results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 

DocGo s international operations subject
it to additional risks that could adversely affect its business. 

DocGo currently provides healthcare
transportation services in the United Kingdom and intends to further expand its operations and services internationally, which subjects
DocGo to regulatory, macroeconomic, geopolitical and other events and uncertainties in these foreign jurisdictions. In addition to the
risks discussed elsewhere herein that are common to DocGo s operations more generally, DocGo faces additional risks specific to
its international operations, including but not limited to: 

geopolitical,
social, macroeconomic and financial instability, including wars, civil unrest, acts of terrorism and other conflicts, such as the war
in Ukraine and rising tensions in the Taiwan Strait; pandemics and endemics; and an inflationary environment, rising interest rates and
recessionary fears; 

difficulties
and increased costs in developing, staffing and simultaneously managing a large number of varying foreign operations, including as a
result of distance, language, cultural differences and labor shortages and expenses; 

restrictions
and limitations on the transfer or repatriation of funds; 

fluctuations
in currency exchange rates; 

costs
and challenges associated with complying with varying legal and regulatory environments in multiple foreign jurisdictions, including
privacy laws such as the E.U. General Data Protection Regulation; 

laws
and business practices that favor local competitors or prohibit foreign ownership of certain businesses; 

potential
for privatization and other confiscatory actions; and 

other
dynamics in international jurisdictions, any of which could result in substantial additional legal or compliance costs, liabilities or
obligations for DocGo or could require it to significantly modify its current business practices or even exit a given market. 

Foreign operations bring increased
complexity and the costs of managing or overseeing foreign operations, including adapting and localizing services or systems to specific
regions and countries can be material. Further, international operations carry inherent uncertainties regarding the effect of local or
domestic actions, such as the unpredictable impact of the United Kingdom s exit from the European Union (Brexit) and the uncertainty
regarding how the agreements reached will operate, any of which could be material. International operations also carry financial risks
such as those related to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and disparate tax laws. These and other risks related to DocGo s
existing or future foreign operations, or the associated costs or liabilities, could have a material adverse effect on DocGo s business,
financial condition and results of operations. 

29 

DocGo s business could be materially
and adversely affected by natural disasters, other catastrophic events, acts of war or terrorism, cybersecurity incidents, and/or other
acts by third parties. 

DocGo and its customers depend
on the ability of its business to run smoothly, including the ability of its fleet of ambulances, which are often needed in times of emergency,
to transport patients. Any material disruption caused by natural disasters, including, fires, floods, hurricanes, volcanoes, and earthquakes
(in each case, including due to climate change or otherwise) power loss or shortages; environmental disasters; telecommunications or business
information systems failures; acts of war or terrorism; viral outbreaks and other similar epidemics; cybersecurity incidents; and other
actions by third parties and other similar disruptions could cause DocGo to lose critical data and services and otherwise adversely affect
DocGo s ability to conduct business. Even with disaster recovery arrangements, DocGo s services could be interrupted and DocGo s
insurance coverage may not compensate it for losses that may occur in the wake of such events. If any disruption results in the destruction
of some or all of DocGo s fleet, significant disruption to DocGo s business, contributes to a general decrease in local, regional
or global macroeconomic activity or otherwise impairs DocGo s ability to meet customer demands, or if DocGo is not able to develop
or execute on an adequate recovery plan in such circumstances, DocGo s business, financial condition and results of operations could
be materially adversely affected. 

Rising inflation may negatively impact DocGo s business
and financial results. 

The inflation rate in the U.S., as measured by the Consumer Price Index
(CPI) has generally trended up since early 2021. This data is reported monthly, showing year-over-year changes in prices across a basket
of goods and services. For 2021, inflation increased from the 1.4 -2.6 range in the first quarter, to 4.2 in April, and was in the 5.0 -6.0 
range through the end of the third quarter of 2021, before increasing to the 6.0 -7.0 range in the fourth quarter. For the full year,
the inflation rate was 4.7 in 2021, the highest annual rate since the 5.4 rate recorded in 1990. The inflation rate continued to increase
in early 2022, reaching approximately 9.1 in June 2022, 8.2 in September 2022, and declining to 6.5 in December 2022. In an attempt
to dampen inflation, the U.S. Federal Reserve implemented seven interest rate increases in 2022, raising its benchmark rate (the federal
funds rate from near 0.00 at the beginning of the year to a level of 4.25 to 4.50 as of the end of December 2022, and as of
the date of the filing of this Annual Report, it has so far implemented one interest rate increase in 2023, to the current level of 4.50 
- 4.75 . Looking into 2023, DocGo anticipates a moderation of the inflation rate, as a result of these recent rate increases, but DocGo
expects that inflation will remain well above the levels seen in the previous 10 years, when the annual inflation rate ranged from 0.1 
to 2.4 . If inflation is above the levels that the Company anticipates, gross margins could be below plan and DocGo s business,
operating results and cash flows may be adversely affected. 

Risks Related to DocGo s Intellectual
Property 

DocGo s failure to protect or enforce
its intellectual property rights could impair our ability to protect our technology and our brand. 

DocGo s success depends
in part on its ability to enforce and protect its intellectual property rights and technology, including its code, information, data,
processes and other forms of information, know-how and technology. DocGo relies on a combination of copyrights, trademarks, service
marks, trade secret laws and contractual restrictions to establish and protect its intellectual property and other proprietary rights.
DocGo also enters into confidentiality and invention assignment agreements with its employees and consultants and enters into confidentiality
agreements with certain of its third-party providers and strategic partners. These laws, procedures and restrictions provide only
limited protection and any of our intellectual property rights may be challenged, invalidated, circumvented, infringed, or misappropriated. 

Some of DocGo s intellectual
property protections do not prevent competitors or others from independently developing technologies that are substantially equivalent
or superior to DocGo s offerings. Further, it may still be possible for competitors and other unauthorized third parties to copy
DocGo s technology and use its proprietary information to create or enhance competing platforms, solutions and services. DocGo also
enters into strategic relationships, joint development and other similar agreements with third parties where intellectual property arising
from such relationships may be jointly owned or may be transferred or licensed to the counterparty. These arrangements may limit DocGo s
ability to protect, maintain, enforce or commercialize such intellectual property rights, including requiring agreement with or payment
to the joint development partners before protecting, maintaining, licensing or initiating enforcement of such intellectual property rights,
and may allow such joint development partners to register, maintain, enforce or license such intellectual property rights in a manner
that may affect the value of the jointly owned intellectual property or DocGo s ability to compete in the market. As DocGo expands
its international activities, its exposure to unauthorized use, copying, transfer and disclosure of proprietary information will likely
increase as the laws of some countries do not provide the same level of intellectual property protection as do the laws of the United States,
and effective intellectual property protections may not be available or may be limited and harder to enforce in some jurisdictions. 

30 

DocGo may be required to spend
significant resources in order to establish, monitor and protect its intellectual property rights. DocGo may not always detect infringement
of its intellectual property rights, and defending or enforcing its intellectual property rights, even if successfully detected, prosecuted,
enjoined, or remedied, could result in the expenditure of significant financial and managerial resources. Any enforcement efforts, and
litigation in particular, could be costly, time-consuming and distracting to management and could result in the impairment or loss
of portions of DocGo s intellectual property. DocGo s efforts to enforce its intellectual property rights may also be met
with defenses, counterclaims and countersuits attacking the validity and enforceability of its intellectual property rights. An adverse
determination of any litigation proceedings could put DocGo s patents at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly and could
put DocGo s related pending patent applications at risk of not issuing. DocGo s inability to protect its proprietary technology
against unauthorized copying or use, as well as any costly litigation or extensive enforcement activities, could impair the functionality
of DocGo s platform, delay introductions of enhancements to the platform, result in DocGo s substituting inferior or more
costly technologies, harm DocGo s reputation or brand and otherwise have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition
and results of operations. 

Claims by others that DocGo infringed their
proprietary technology or other intellectual property rights could adversely affect DocGo s business. 

In recent years, there has
been significant litigation in the United States involving patents and other intellectual property rights. Companies in the internet and
technology industries are increasingly bringing and becoming subject to suits alleging infringement of proprietary rights, particularly
patent rights, and our competitors and other third parties may hold or have pending patent applications, which could be related to our
business. These risks have been amplified by the increase in third parties, which DocGo refers to as non-practicing entities, whose sole
primary business is to assert such claims. Regardless of the merits of any other intellectual property litigation, DocGo may be required
to expend significant management time and financial resources on the defense of such claims, and any adverse outcome of any such claim
could have a material adverse effect on DocGo s business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Given the competitive landscape
and pervasiveness of litigation in DocGo s industry, from time to time, third parties may assert claims of infringement of intellectual
property rights against DocGo. In addition, third parties have previously sent DocGo correspondence regarding various allegations of intellectual
property infringement. DocGo incorporates technology from third parties into its platform and, as such, it cannot be certain that these
licensors are not infringing the intellectual property rights of others or that the suppliers and licensors have sufficient rights to
the technology in all jurisdictions in which DocGo may operate. As DocGo gains an increasingly higher public profile, DocGo expects the
possibility of these and other types of intellectual property rights claims against it will grow. Although DocGo believes that it has
meritorious defenses, there can be no assurance that DocGo will be successful in defending against these and future allegations or in
reaching a business resolution that is acceptable to DocGo. 

Many potential litigants,
including some of DocGo s competitors and non-practicing entities, have the ability to dedicate substantial resources to assert
their intellectual property rights. Any claim of infringement by a third party, even those without merit, could be costly, time-consuming and
a significant distraction to management. Furthermore, because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual
property litigation, DocGo could risk compromising its confidential information during this type of litigation. In addition, in some instances,
DocGo may agree to indemnify our clients against certain third-party claims, which may include claims that DocGo s solutions infringe
the intellectual property rights of such third parties. DocGo s business could be adversely affected by any significant disputes
between DocGo and its clients as to the applicability or scope of DocGo s indemnification obligations to them. With respect to any
intellectual property rights litigation or indemnification obligation, DocGo may need to negotiate a license to continue operations if
found to be in violation of a third party s rights, and these licenses may not be available on favorable or commercially reasonable
terms, or at all. DocGo may be required to pay substantial damages, royalties or other fees in connection with a claimant securing a judgment
against it, DocGo may be subject to an injunction or other restrictions that prevent it from using the relevant intellectual property,
or DocGo may determine it is prudent to agree to a settlement that restricts DocGo s operations or its use of certain intellectual
property, any of which could adversely affect DocGo s business, financial condition and results of operations. 

31 

Risks Related to DocGo s Legal and
Regulatory Environment 

DocGo could be subject to lawsuits for which
it does not have sufficient reserves, which could have a material adverse effect on DocGo s business, financial condition and results
of operations. 

Healthcare providers and other
participants in the healthcare industry have become subject to an increasing number of lawsuits alleging medical malpractice and related
legal theories such as negligent hiring, supervision and credentialing. Similarly, healthcare transportation services can result in lawsuits
related to vehicle collisions and personal injuries, patient care incidents or mistreatment and employee job-related injuries. Moreover,
in the normal course of DocGo s business, it has been and may continue to be involved in lawsuits, claims, audits and investigations,
including those arising out of its billing practices, employment disputes, contractual claims and other business disputes for which DocGo
may have no insurance coverage, and which are not subject to actuarial estimates. Some of these lawsuits may involve large claim amounts
and substantial defense costs. 

Adverse outcomes with respect
to litigation or any of these legal proceedings may result in significant settlement costs or judgments, penalties and fines, which may
or may not be covered by DocGo s existing insurance or may require DocGo to modify its services or require it to stop serving certain
customers or geographies, all of which could negatively impact its existing business and its ability to grow. DocGo may also become subject
to periodic audits, which would likely increase its regulatory compliance costs and may require it to change its business practices or
the scope of its operations. Managing legal proceedings, litigation and audits, even if DocGo achieves favorable outcomes, is time-consuming and
diverts management s attention from DocGo s day-to-day business. The outcome of these matters or future claims and
disputes are difficult to predict and determining reserves for pending litigation and other legal, regulatory and audit matters requires
significant judgment. There can be no assurance that DocGo s expectations will prove correct, and even if these matters are resolved
in its favor or without significant cash settlements, these matters, and the time and resources necessary to litigate or resolve them,
could have a material effect on DocGo s results of operations in the period when it identifies the matter, and could have a material
adverse effect on DocGo s business, financial condition and results of operations. 

DocGo is subject to a variety of federal,
state and local laws and regulatory regimes, including a variety of labor laws and regulations, and changes to or the failure to comply
with these laws and regulations could adversely affect DocGo s business. 

DocGo is subject to various federal, state, and local laws and regulations
including the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 ERISA and regulations promulgated by the Internal
Revenue Service IRS ), the U.S. Department of Labor and the Occupational Safety and Health Administration. DocGo is
also subject to a variety of federal and state employment and labor laws and regulations, including the Americans with Disabilities Act,
the federal Fair Labor Standards Act, the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act, and other regulations related to working
conditions, wage-hour pay, overtime pay, family leave, employee benefits, antidiscrimination, termination of employment, safety standards
and other workplace regulations. Compliance with these and other applicable laws and regulations can be time-consuming and costly.
Failure to properly adhere to these and other applicable laws and regulations could result in investigations, the imposition of penalties
or adverse legal judgments by public or private plaintiffs. Changes to these laws and regulations can also increase costs and require
DocGo to commit additional resources to comply with these laws. For example, the raising of the federal minimum wage or the minimum wage
within a state where DocGo has significant operations, which has been and continues to be a subject of ongoing discussions in Washington,
D.C. and other U.S. state capitals, could significantly increase DocGo s selling, general and administrative expenses. Changes
to or any failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations could also have a material adverse effect on DocGo s business,
financial condition and results of operations. 

32 

DocGo s ability to utilize its net
operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes may be limited. 

As of December 31, 2022
and 2021, DocGo had aggregate federal net operating loss carryforwards of approximately 53.6 million and 56.6 million, respectively.
As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had state net operating loss carryforwards of approximately 74.2 million and 67.2 million,
respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, DocGo had approximately 903 and 202,965 respectively, of foreign net operating
loss carryforwards. The federal net operating loss carryforwards generated after December 31, 2017, of approximately 62.2 million carry
forward indefinitely, while the remaining federal net carryforwards of approximately 11.7 million begin to expire in 2037. State and
foreign net operating loss carryforwards generated in the tax years from 2017 to 2020 will begin to expire, if not utilized, by 2039.
DocGo s unused losses generally carry forward to offset future taxable income, if any, until such unused losses expire. DocGo may
be unable to use these losses to offset income before such unused losses expire. However, U.S. federal net operating losses generated
in 2019 and forward are not subject to expiration and, if not utilized by fiscal 2021, are only available to offset 80 of taxable income
each year due to changes in tax law attributable to the passage of Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. In addition, if DocGo undergoes an ownership
change generally defined as a greater than 50 cumulative change in the equity ownership of certain shareholders
over a rolling three-year period under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code, DocGo s ability to
use its pre-change net operating loss carryforwards and other pre-change tax attributes to offset future taxable income or taxes
may be limited. Although the Merger did not constitute such an ownership change, DocGo may experience ownership changes in the future
as a result of changes in its stock ownership, some of which may not be within DocGo s control, which could materially reduce or
eliminate DocGo s ability to use these losses or tax attributes to offset future taxable income or tax and have an adverse effect
on its business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Changes in tax laws or unanticipated tax
liabilities could adversely affect DocGo s effective income tax rate and profitability. 

DocGo is subject to income
taxes in the United States (federal and state) and various foreign jurisdictions. DocGo s effective income tax rate could be
adversely affected in the future by a number of factors, including changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, changes
in tax laws and regulations or their interpretations and application, and the outcome of income tax audits in various jurisdictions around
the world. In particular, the Biden administration has proposed increases to the U.S. corporate income tax rate from 21 to 28 and
made other proposals. If any of these (or similar) proposals are ultimately enacted into law, in whole or in part, they could have a negative
impact on DocGo s effective tax rate. DocGo cannot predict the likelihood, timing or substance of U.S. tax proposals and will
continue to monitor the progress of such proposals, as well as other global tax reform initiatives. 

DocGo continues to monitor
changes in tax laws in the U.S. and the impact of proposed and enacted legislation in the various foreign jurisdictions in which it operates.
In August 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 was enacted, which, among other things, includes a new 15 alternative minimum tax
on the adjusted financial statement income of certain large corporations for tax years beginning after December 31, 2022. President Biden
has also provided informal guidance on tax law changes he may support. Among other things, proposed changes would raise the rate on both
domestic and foreign income. If any of these proposals are ultimately enacted into legislation, they could materially impact DocGo s
tax provision, cash tax liability and effective tax rate. 

Changes in accounting rules, assumptions
or judgments could materially and adversely affect DocGo. 

Accounting rules and interpretations
for certain aspects of DocGo s financial reporting are highly complex and involve significant assumptions and judgment. These complexities
could lead to a delay in the preparation and dissemination of DocGo s financial statements. Furthermore, changes in accounting rules
and interpretations or in DocGo s accounting assumptions or judgments, such as asset impairments and contingencies, are likely to
significantly impact its financial statements. In some cases, DocGo could be required to apply a new or revised standard retroactively,
resulting in restating financial statements from prior period(s). Any of these circumstances could have a material adverse effect on DocGo s
business, financial condition and results of operations. For additional information, see the financial statements of DocGo and related
footnotes included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

33 

DocGo s internal control over financial
reporting may not be effective and its independent registered public accounting firm may not be able to certify as to their effectiveness,
which could adversely affect DocGo s business. 

As a public company, DocGo has significant requirements for enhanced
financial reporting and internal controls, including the SEC s rules implementing Sections 302 and 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act,
which require management to certify financial and other information in its quarterly and annual reports and provide an annual management
report on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. DocGo has made, and will continue to make, changes to its internal
controls and procedures for financial reporting and accounting systems to meet its reporting obligations as a public company. The process
of designing and implementing effective internal controls is a continuous effort that requires DocGo to anticipate and react to changes
in its business and the economic and regulatory environments and to expend significant resources to maintain a system of internal controls
that is adequate to satisfy its reporting obligations as a public company. The measures DocGo takes may not be sufficient to satisfy its
obligations as a public company and if DocGo is unable to establish or maintain appropriate internal financial reporting controls and
procedures, it could cause DocGo to fail to meet its reporting obligations on a timely basis, result in material misstatements in its
Consolidated Financial Statements and harm its results of operations. DocGo is an emerging growth company and, as such, its independent
registered public accounting firm will not be required to formally attest to the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting pursuant to Section 404 until the date DocGo is no longer an emerging growth company. At such time, DocGo s independent
registered public accounting firm may issue a report that is adverse in the event that it is not satisfied with the level at which DocGo s
controls are documented, designed or operating, or it may not issue an unqualified report. 

To comply with the requirements of being a public company, DocGo may
need to undertake various actions, such as implementing additional internal controls and procedures and hiring additional accounting or
internal audit staff. The rules governing the standards that must be met for DocGo s management to assess its internal control over
financial reporting are complex and require significant documentation, testing and possible remediation. Testing and maintaining internal
controls can divert management s attention from other matters that are important to the operation of DocGo s business. In
connection with the implementation of the necessary procedures and practices related to internal control over financial reporting, DocGo
may identify deficiencies that it may not be able to remediate in time to meet the deadline imposed by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act for compliance
with the requirements of Section 404. DocGo s testing, or the subsequent testing (if required) by its independent registered public
accounting firm, may reveal deficiencies in its internal controls over financial reporting that are deemed to be material weaknesses.
Any material weaknesses could result in a material misstatement of DocGo s annual or quarterly Consolidated Financial Statements
or disclosures that may not be prevented or detected. If DocGo identifies material weaknesses in its internal control over financial reporting
or is unable to comply with the requirements of Section 404 or assert that its internal control over financial reporting is effective,
or if DocGo s independent registered public accounting firm is unable to express an opinion as to the effectiveness of its internal
control over financial reporting when such disclosure is required, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of DocGo s
financial reports and the market price of its common stock could be negatively affected, and DocGo could become subject to investigations
by the SEC or other regulatory authorities, any of which could have an adverse effect on DocGo s business, financial condition and
results of operations. 

34 

DocGo conducts business in the heavily regulated
healthcare industry and any failure to comply with these laws and government regulations could require DocGo to make significant changes
to its operations and could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

The U.S. healthcare industry
is heavily regulated and closely scrutinized by federal and state governments. Comprehensive statutes and regulations govern the manner
in which DocGo provides and bills for its services and collects reimbursement from governmental programs and private payors, its relationship
with its providers, vendors and clients, its marketing activities and other aspects of its operations. Of particular importance are: 

the federal False Claims Act that imposes civil
and criminal liability on individuals or entities that knowingly submit false or fraudulent claims for payment to the government or knowingly
make, or cause to be made, a false statement in order to have a false claim paid, including qui tam or whistleblower suits; 

the federal Civil Monetary Penalties Law, which
prohibits, among other things, the offering or transfer of remuneration to a Medicare or state healthcare program beneficiary if the person
knows or should know it is likely to influence the beneficiary s selection of a particular provider, practitioner or supplier of
services reimbursable by Medicare or a state healthcare program, unless an exception applies; 

reassignment of payment rules that prohibit certain
types of billing and collection practices in connection with claims payable by the Medicare or Medicaid programs; 

a provision of the Social Security Act that imposes
criminal penalties on healthcare providers who fail to disclose or refund known overpayments; 

federal and state laws that prohibit providers
from billing and receiving payment from Medicare and Medicaid for services unless the services are medically necessary, adequately and
accurately documented, and billed using codes that accurately reflect the type and level of services rendered; 

the criminal healthcare fraud provisions of HIPAA
that prohibit knowingly and willfully executing a scheme or artifice to defraud any healthcare benefit program or falsifying, concealing
or covering up a material fact or making any materially false, fictitious or fraudulent statement in connection with the delivery of or
payment for healthcare benefits, items or services. HIPAA also imposes certain regulatory and contractual requirements regarding the privacy,
security and transmission of PHI. Similar to the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, a person or entity does not need to have actual
knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it to have committed a violation; 

federal and state laws and policies that require
healthcare providers to maintain licensure, certification or accreditation to provide professional healthcare services, to enroll and
participate in the Medicare and Medicaid programs, to report certain changes in their operations to the agencies that administer these
programs, as well as state insurance laws; 

the federal Anti-Kickback Statute that prohibits
the knowing and willful offer, payment, solicitation or receipt of any bribe, kickback, rebate or other remuneration for referring an
individual, in return for ordering, leasing, purchasing or recommending or arranging for or to induce the referral of an individual or
the ordering, purchasing or leasing of items or services covered, in whole or in part, by any federal healthcare program, such as Medicare
and Medicaid. Remuneration has been interpreted broadly to be anything of value, and could include compensation, discounts or free marketing
services. A person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it to have committed
a violation. In addition, the government may assert that a claim including items or services resulting from a violation of the federal
Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the False Claims Act; 

similar state law provisions pertaining to false
claims, self-referral and anti-kickback issues, some of which may apply to items or services reimbursed by any third-party payor,
including commercial insurers or services paid out-of-pocket by patients; 

the federal physician self-referral law
under Section 1877 of the Social Security Act, commonly referred to as the Stark Law, that, unless one of the statutory or regulatory
exceptions applies, prohibits physicians from referring Medicare or Medicaid patients to an entity for the provision of certain designated
health services if the physician or a member of such physician s immediate family has a direct or indirect financial relationship
(including an ownership interest or a compensation arrangement) with the entity, and prohibits the entity from billing Medicare or Medicaid
for such designated health services. Failure to refund amounts received as a result of a prohibited referral on a timely basis may constitute
a false or fraudulent claim and may result in civil penalties and additional penalties under the federal False Claims Act noted below; 

state laws that prohibit general business corporations,
such as DocGo, from practicing medicine, controlling physicians medical decisions or engaging in some practices such as splitting
fees with physicians; 

the Federal Trade Commission Act and federal
and state consumer protection, advertisement and unfair competition laws, which broadly regulate marketplace activities and activities
that could potentially harm consumers; and 

laws that regulate debt collection practices. 

35 

DocGo s ability to provide
its services internationally is subject to the similar laws and regulations in those jurisdictions and the interpretation of these laws
is evolving and varies significantly from country to county. As in the United States, many of these laws and regulations are enforced
by governmental, judicial and regulatory authorities with broad discretion. Although similar to their U.S. counterparts in the subject
matters addressed, these foreign laws may be very different in what is required of the business and how they regulate the underlying activities.
DocGo cannot be certain that its interpretation of such laws and regulations are correct in how its structures its operations, its arrangements
with its healthcare provider partners, services agreements and customer arrangements. 

Many of these laws and regulations
are complex, broad in scope and have few or narrowly structured exceptions and safe harbors. Often DocGo is required to fit certain activities
within one of the statutory exceptions and safe harbors available and it is possible that some of DocGo s current or future business
activities could be subject to challenge under one or more of such laws. Achieving and sustaining compliance with these laws can be time-consuming,
requires the commitment of significant resources and may prove costly. The risk of DocGo being found in violation of these laws and regulations
is increased by the fact that many of these laws and regulations have not been fully interpreted by the regulatory authorities or the
courts, and their provisions are sometimes open to a variety of interpretations. DocGo s failure to accurately anticipate the application
of these laws and regulations to its current or future business or any other failure or alleged failure to comply with legal or regulatory
requirements could create liability for DocGo and negatively affect its business. Any action against DocGo for violation of these laws
or regulations, even if DocGo successfully defends against it, could cause DocGo to incur significant legal expenses, divert management s
attention from the operation of the business and result in adverse publicity. 

Enforcement officials have
a number of mechanisms to combat regulatory compliance, fraud and abuse, and if DocGo fails to comply with applicable laws and regulations,
it could be liable for civil or criminal penalties, including fines, damages, recoupment of overpayments, loss of licenses needed to operate,
loss of enrollment status and approvals necessary to participate in Medicare, Medicaid and other government and private third-party healthcare
and payor programs, and exclusion from participation in Medicare, Medicaid and other government healthcare programs. Investors, officers
and managing employees associated with entities found to have committed healthcare fraud may also be excluded from participation in government
healthcare programs. In addition, because of the potential for large monetary exposure, criminal liability and negative publicity, healthcare
providers often resolve allegations without admissions of liability for significant and material amounts to avoid the uncertainty of damages
that may be awarded in litigation proceedings. Such settlements often contain additional compliance and reporting requirements as part
of a consent decree, settlement agreement or corporate integrity agreement. 

DocGo believes that its business
operations materially comply with applicable healthcare laws and regulations. However, some of the healthcare laws and regulations applicable
to DocGo are subject to limited or evolving interpretations, and a review of DocGo s business or operations by a court, law enforcement
or a regulatory authority might result in a determination of non-compliance. Any failure to comply with applicable legal and regulatory
requirements and the consequences of such non-compliance, including those discussed above, could have a significant adverse effect on
DocGo s business, financial condition and results of operations. 

DocGo is required to comply with laws governing
the transmission, security and privacy of health information and personally identifiable information. 

Numerous state and federal
laws and regulations govern the collection, dissemination, use, privacy, confidentiality, security, availability, integrity and other
processing of personal health information PHI and personal identifiable information PII ), including HIPAA. HIPAA
establishes a set of national privacy and security standards for the protection of PHI by health plans, healthcare clearinghouses and
certain healthcare providers, referred to as covered entities, and the business associates with whom such covered entities
contract for services. HIPAA requires covered entities such as DocGo and their business associates to develop and maintain policies and
procedures with respect to PHI that is used or disclosed, including the adoption of administrative, physical and technical safeguards
to protect this information. HIPAA also implemented the use of standard transaction code sets and standard identifiers that covered entities
must use when submitting or receiving certain electronic healthcare transactions, including activities associated with the billing and
collection of healthcare claims. 

HIPAA also authorizes state
attorneys general to file suit on behalf of their residents. Courts may award damages, costs and attorneys fees related to violations
of HIPAA in these cases. While HIPAA does not create a private right of action allowing individuals to sue DocGo in civil court for violations
of HIPAA, its standards have been used as the basis for duty of care in state civil suits such as those for negligence or recklessness
in the misuse or breach of PHI. In addition, HIPAA mandates that the Secretary of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services HHS conduct periodic compliance audits of covered entities and business associates for compliance with the HIPAA privacy
and security requirements. HIPAA also tasks HHS with establishing a methodology whereby harmed individuals who were the victims of breaches
of unsecured PHI may receive a percentage of the fine paid by the violator under the Civil Monetary Penalties Law. 

36 

HIPAA further requires that
patients be notified of any unauthorized acquisition, access, use or disclosure of their unsecured PHI that compromises the privacy or
security of such information, with certain exceptions related to unintentional or inadvertent use or disclosure by employees or authorized
individuals. HIPAA specifies that such notifications must be made without unreasonable delay and in no case later than 60 calendar days
after discovery of the breach. If a breach affects 500 patients or more, it must be reported to HHS without unreasonable delay,
and HHS will post the name of the breaching entity on its public web site. Breaches affecting 500 patients or more in the same state or
jurisdiction must also be reported to a prominent media outlet serving the state or jurisdiction in which the breach occurred. If a breach
involves fewer than 500 people, the covered entity must record it in a log and notify HHS within 60 days after the end of the calendar
year during which the breach was discovered. 

In addition to HIPAA, numerous other federal
and state laws and regulations protect the confidentiality, privacy, availability, integrity and security of PHI and other types of PII. State
statutes and regulations vary from state to state, and these laws and regulations in many cases are more restrictive than, and may not
be preempted by, HIPAA. These laws and regulations are often uncertain, contradictory and subject to change or differing interpretations,
and DocGo expects new laws, rules and regulations regarding privacy, data protection and information security to be proposed and enacted
in the future. By way of example, the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), which went into effect on January 1, 2020 and was amended
by the California Privacy Rights Act (CPRA), a ballot measure approved by California voters in November 2020 that went into effect January
1, 2023, has had a profound impact on the privacy and data security landscape. As the first comprehensive consumer privacy legislation
in the U.S., the CCPA created where applicable (some information may be exempt from most of CCPA s/CPRA s requirements if
subject to HIPAA, for example), which were further expanded by the CPRA. Other states, including Colorado, Connecticut and Utah, have
followed suit, and others may in the future, creating a patchwork of overlapping but different state laws and thus complicating compliance
efforts. 

As existing data security
laws evolve and new ones are implemented, DocGo may not be able to comply with such requirements in a timely manner, or such requirements
may not be compatible with its current processes. Changing DocGo s processes could be time-consuming and expensive, and failure
to implement required changes within the applicable timeframe could subject DocGo to liability for non-compliance. Some states may afford
private rights of action to individuals who believe their PII has been misused. This complex, dynamic legal landscape regarding privacy,
data protection and information security creates significant compliance issues for DocGo and potentially restricts its ability to collect,
use and disclose data and can expose it to additional expense, adverse publicity and liability. 

There is ongoing concern from
privacy advocates, regulators and others regarding data protection and privacy issues, and the number of jurisdictions with data protection
and privacy laws has been increasing. In addition, the scope of protection afforded to data subjects by many of these data protection
and privacy laws has been increasing. There are also ongoing public policy discussions regarding whether the standards for deidentified,
anonymous or pseudonymized health information are sufficient, and whether the risk of re-identification is sufficiently small to
adequately protect patient privacy. These trends may lead to further restrictions on the use of this and similar categories of information.
These initiatives or future initiatives could compromise DocGo s ability to access and use data or to develop or market current
or future services. 

While DocGo has implemented
data privacy and security measures in an effort to comply with applicable laws and regulations relating to privacy and data protection,
some PHI and other PII or confidential information is transmitted to or from DocGo by third parties, who may not implement adequate security
and privacy measures, and it is possible that laws, rules and regulations relating to privacy, data protection or information security
may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent with DocGo s practices or those of third parties who transmit PHI
and other PII or confidential information to DocGo. Additionally, as a business associate under HIPAA, DocGo may also be liable for privacy
and security breaches of PHI and certain similar failures of DocGo s subcontractors. Even though DocGo contractually requires its
subcontractors to safeguard protected health information as required by law, DocGo has limited control over their actions and practices.
If DocGo or these third parties are found to have violated such laws, rules or regulations, it could result in government-imposed fines,
orders requiring that DocGo or these third parties change its or their practices, or criminal charges, which could adversely affect DocGo s
business. Complying with these various laws and regulations could cause DocGo to incur substantial costs or require it to change its business
practices, systems and compliance procedures in a manner adverse to its business. 

DocGo publishes statements
to its patients and partners that describe how it handles and protects PHI. If federal or state regulatory authorities or private
litigants consider any portion of these statements to be untrue, DocGo may be subject to claims of deceptive practices, which could lead
to significant liabilities and consequences, including, without limitation, costs of responding to investigations, defending against litigation,
settling claims and complying with regulatory or court orders. 

DocGo also sends short message
service, or SMS, text messages to potential end users who are eligible to use its service through certain customers and partners. While
DocGo obtains consent from or on behalf of these individuals to send text messages, federal or state regulatory authorities or private
litigants may claim that the notices and disclosures DocGo provides, form of consents it obtains or its SMS texting practices, are not
adequate. These SMS texting campaigns are potential sources of risk for class action lawsuits and liability for DocGo. An increased
number of class action suits under federal and state laws have been filed in the past year against companies who conduct SMS texting programs,
which have resulted in or may result in multimillion-dollar settlements to the plaintiffs. Any future such litigation against DocGo
could be costly and time-consuming to defend. 

Any failure to comply with
HIPAA or similar laws and regulations and the consequences of such non-compliance could have a material adverse impact on DocGo s
business, financial condition and results of operations. 

37 

If DocGo does not effectively adapt to changes
in the healthcare industry, including changes to laws and regulations regarding telehealth, DocGo s business may be harmed. 

The unpredictability of the
healthcare regulatory landscape means that sudden changes in laws, rules, regulations and policy are possible. Federal, state and local
legislative bodies frequently pass legislation and promulgate regulations that affect the healthcare industry. As has been the trend in
the past decade with healthcare reform, it is reasonable to assume that there will continue to be increased government oversight and regulation
of the healthcare industry in the future, particularly in times of changing political, regulatory and other influences. DocGo cannot provide
any assurances regarding the ultimate content, timing or effect of any new healthcare legislation or regulations, nor is it possible at
this time to estimate the impact of potential new legislation or regulations on its business. It is possible that future legislation enacted
by Congress or state legislatures, or regulations promulgated by regulatory authorities at the federal or state level, could adversely
affect DocGo s current or future business. The extent to which a jurisdiction considers particular actions or relationships to comply
with the applicable legal requirements is also subject to evolving interpretations by medical boards and state attorneys general, among
others, each with broad discretion. It is possible that the changes to the Medicare, Medicaid or other governmental healthcare program
reimbursements may serve as precedent to possible changes in other payors reimbursement policies in a manner adverse to DocGo.
Similarly, changes in private payor reimbursements could lead to adverse changes in Medicare, Medicaid and other governmental healthcare
programs. 

As one example, the telehealth
industry is still relatively young and DocGo s ability to provide its telehealth solutions is directly dependent upon the development
and interpretation of the laws governing remote healthcare, the practice of medicine and healthcare delivery in the applicable jurisdictions
and more broadly. A few states have imposed different, and, in some cases, additional, standards regarding the provision of services via
telehealth. State medical boards have also established new rules or interpreted existing rules in their respective states in a manner
that has limited the way telehealth services can be provided. Although the Covid-19 pandemic has led to the relaxation of certain
Medicare, Medicaid and state licensure restrictions on the delivery of telehealth services, it is uncertain how long the relaxed policies
will remain in effect, particularly with the Public Health Emergency PHE expected to end on May 11, 2023. There can be
no guarantee that upon expiration of the PHE such restrictions will not be reinstated or changed in a way that adversely affects DocGo s
current or future telehealth offerings. 

Accordingly, DocGo must monitor
its compliance with law in every jurisdiction in which it operates, on a regular basis. While DocGo believes that it has structured its
contracts and operations in material compliance with applicable healthcare laws and regulations, the healthcare laws and regulations applicable
to DocGo may be amended or interpreted in new or different ways that are adverse to DocGo and new laws and regulations adverse to DocGo s
current or future business may be adopted in the future. There can be no assurance that DocGo will be able to successfully address changes
in the current regulatory environment or new laws and regulations that may be implemented in the future, or that practices which are compliant
now will continue to be so in the future. Any failure to comply with any changes to or new developments in the healthcare regulatory environment
could have a material adverse effect on DocGo s business, financial condition and results of operations. 

DocGo must be properly enrolled in governmental
healthcare programs before it can receive reimbursement for services, and there may be delays in the enrollment process. 

Each time DocGo expands into
a new market, whether organically or by way of acquisition, DocGo must enroll the new operations under DocGo s applicable group
identification number for Medicare and Medicaid programs and for certain managed care and private insurance programs before DocGo is eligible
to receive reimbursement for services rendered to beneficiaries of those programs. The estimated time to receive approval for the enrollment
is sometimes difficult to predict. 

With respect to Medicare,
providers can retrospectively bill Medicare for services provided 30 days prior to the effective date of the enrollment. In addition,
the enrollment rules provide that the effective date of the enrollment will be the later of the date on which the enrollment application
was filed and approved by the Medicare contractor, or the date on which the provider began providing services. If DocGo is unable to complete
the enrollment process within the 30 days after the commencement of services, DocGo will be precluded from billing Medicare for any
services which were provided to a Medicare beneficiary more than 30 days prior to the effective date of the enrollment. With respect
to Medicaid, new enrollment rules and whether a state will allow providers to retrospectively bill Medicaid for services provided prior
to submitting an enrollment application varies by state. Failure to timely enroll could reduce DocGo s total revenues and have a
material adverse effect on the business, financial condition or results of operations. 

The Affordable Care Act, as
currently structured, added additional enrollment requirements for Medicare and Medicaid, which have been further enhanced through implementing
regulations and increased enforcement scrutiny. Every enrolled provider must revalidate its enrollment at regular intervals and must update
the Medicare contractors and many state Medicaid programs with significant changes on a timely basis. If DocGo fails to provide sufficient
documentation as required to maintain its enrollment, Medicare and Medicaid could deny continued future enrollment or revoke DocGo s
enrollment and billing privileges. 

The requirements for enrollment,
licensure, certification and accreditation may include notification or approval in the event of a transfer or change of ownership or certain
other changes. Other agencies or payors with which DocGo has contracts may have similar requirements, and some of these processes may
be complex. Failure to provide required notifications or obtain necessary approvals may result in the delay or inability to complete an
acquisition or transfer, loss of licensure, lapses in reimbursement or other penalties. While DocGo makes reasonable efforts to substantially
comply with these requirements, it cannot assure you that the agencies that administer these programs or have awarded DocGo contracts
will not find that DocGo has failed to comply in some material respects. A finding of non-compliance and any resulting payment delays,
refund demands or other sanctions could have a material adverse effect on DocGo s business, financial condition or results of operations. 

38 

Reductions in Medicare reimbursement rates
or changes in the rules governing the Medicare program could have a material adverse effect on DocGo. 

DocGo
generates a significant amount of revenues from Medicare, either directly or through Medicare Advantage MA plans, particularly
in its healthcare transportation segment. Medicare revenues represent approximately 6.6 and 7.6 of DocGo s revenues for the years
ended December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively. In addition,
many private payors base their reimbursement rates on the published Medicare rates or are themselves reimbursed by Medicare for the services
DocGo provides. As a result, DocGo s results of operations are, in part, dependent on government funding levels for Medicare programs
and any changes that limit or reduce MA or general Medicare reimbursement levels, such as reductions in or limitations of reimbursement
amounts or rates under programs, reductions in funding of programs, expansion of benefits without adequate funding or elimination of coverage
for certain benefits or for certain individuals, could have a material adverse effect on DocGo s business, financial condition and
results of operations. 

The Medicare program and its
reimbursement rates and rules are subject to frequent change. These include statutory and regulatory changes, rate adjustments (including
retroactive adjustments), administrative or executive orders and government funding restrictions, all of which may materially adversely
affect the rates at which Medicare reimburses DocGo for its services. Budget pressures often cause the federal government to reduce or
place limits on reimbursement rates under Medicare. Implementation of these and other types of measures could result in substantial reductions
in DocGo s revenues and operating margins. For example, due to the federal sequestration, an automatic 2 reduction in Medicare
spending took effect beginning in April 2013. Although temporarily paused/reduced from May 1, 2020 through June 30, 2022 due to The
Cares Act, which was signed into law on March 27, 2020, and designed to provide financial support and resources to individuals and
business affected by the COVID-19 pandemic, the 2 reduction was reimposed as of July 1, 2022. 

Each year, the Centers for
Medicare and Medicaid Services CMS issues a final rule to establish the MA benchmark payment rates for the following calendar
year. Reductions to MA rates impacting DocGo may be greater than the industry average rate and the final impact of the MA rates can vary
from any estimate DocGo may have. In addition, CMS may change the rules governing the Medicare program, including those governing reimbursement.
Reductions in reimbursement rates or the scope of services being reimbursed could have a material adverse effect on DocGo s business,
financial condition and results of operations. 

State and federal efforts to reduce Medicaid
spending could adversely affect DocGo. 

Certain
of DocGo s customers who are individuals are dual-eligible, meaning their coverage comes from both Medicare and Medicaid. As a result,
a small portion of DocGo s revenue comes from Medicaid, accounting for approximately 1.1 and 1.8 of revenue for the years
ended December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively. Medicaid is
a joint federal-state program purchasing healthcare services for the low income and indigent as well as certain higher income individuals
with significant health needs. Under broad federal criteria, states establish rules for eligibility, services and payment. Medicaid is
a state-administered program financed by both state funds and matching federal funds. Medicaid spending has increased rapidly in
recent years, becoming a significant component of state budgets. This, combined with slower state revenue growth, has led both the
federal government and many states to institute measures aimed at controlling the growth of Medicaid spending, and in some instances reducing
aggregate Medicaid spending. 

For example, a number of states
have adopted or are considering legislation designed to reduce their Medicaid expenditures, such as financial arrangements commonly referred
to as provider taxes. Under provider tax arrangements, states collect taxes from healthcare providers and then use the revenue to pay
the providers as a Medicaid expenditure, which allows the states to then claim additional federal matching funds on the additional reimbursements.
Current federal law provides for a cap on the maximum allowable provider tax as a percentage of the provider s total revenue. There
can be no assurance that federal law will continue to provide matching federal funds on state Medicaid expenditures funded through provider
taxes, or that the current caps on provider taxes will not be reduced. Any discontinuance or reduction in federal matching of provider
tax-related Medicaid expenditures could have a significant and adverse effect on states Medicaid expenditures, and as a result
could have an adverse effect on DocGo s business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Also, as part of the movement
to repeal, replace or modify the Health Care Reform Law and as a means to reduce the federal budget deficit, there are renewed congressional
efforts to move Medicaid from an open-ended program with coverage and benefits set by the federal government to one in which states
receive a fixed amount of federal funds, either through block grants or per capita caps, and have more flexibility to determine benefits,
eligibility or provider payments. If those changes are implemented, DocGo cannot predict whether the amount of fixed federal funding to
the states will be based on current payment amounts, or if it will be based on lower payment amounts, which would negatively impact those
states that expanded their Medicaid programs in response to the Health Care Reform Law. 

DocGo expects these state
and federal efforts to continue for the foreseeable future. The Medicaid program and its reimbursement rates and rules are subject to
frequent change at both the federal and state level. These include statutory and regulatory changes, rate adjustments (including retroactive
adjustments), administrative or executive orders and government funding restrictions, all of which may materially adversely affect the
rates at which DocGo s services are reimbursed by state Medicaid plans. 

39 

DocGo could become the subject of federal
and state investigations and compliance reviews. 

Companies in the broader healthcare
industry are subject to a high level of scrutiny by various governmental agencies and their agents. Both federal and state government
agencies have heightened and coordinated civil and criminal enforcement efforts as part of numerous ongoing investigations of healthcare
companies, as well as their executives and managers. These investigations relate to a wide variety of topics, including referral and billing
practices. For example, to enforce compliance with the federal laws, the U.S. Department of Justice and the Office of Inspector General
have established national enforcement initiatives that focus on specific billing practices or other suspected areas of abuse. Given the
significant size of actual and potential settlements, it is expected that the government will continue to devote substantial resources
to investigating healthcare providers compliance, including compliance with the healthcare reimbursement rules and fraud and abuse
laws. DocGo is also required to conduct periodic internal audits in connection with its third-party relationships and, in the ordinary
course of business receives repayment demands from third-party payors based on allegations that its services were not medically necessary,
were billed at an improper level or otherwise violated applicable billing requirements that require investigation. Further, DocGo periodically
conducts internal reviews of its regulatory compliance. To date no investigation or audit of DocGo, its executives or its managers has
occurred, whether by the government and its agents, a third-party or DocGo itself. However, should such an investigation or audit
occur, it could result in significant expense to DocGo in addition to adverse publicity and diversion of the management s attention
from DocGo s business regardless of the outcome. Any adverse findings against DocGo could result in significant fines, penalties
and other sanctions, any of which could have a material adverse effect on DocGo s business, financial condition and results of operations. 

DocGo s business practices may be
found to constitute illegal fee-splitting or corporate practice of medicine, which may lead to penalties and could adversely affect DocGo s
business. 

Many states have laws that
prohibit business corporations such as DocGo from practicing medicine, employing physicians, exercising control over medical judgments
or decisions of physicians or other health care professionals (such as EMTs and nurses), or engaging in certain business arrangements
such as fee-splitting, with each of the foregoing activities collectively referred to as the corporate practice of medicine. 
In some states these prohibitions are expressly stated in a statute or regulation, while in other states the prohibition is a matter of
judicial or regulatory interpretation. Many of the states in which DocGo currently operates generally prohibit the corporate practice
of medicine, and other states may as well, including those into which DocGo may expand in the future. 

The state laws and regulations
and administrative and judicial decisions that enumerate the specific corporate practice of medicine rules vary considerably from state
to state and have been subject to limited judicial or regulatory interpretations. These laws and regulations are enforced by both the
courts and government agencies, each with broad discretion. Courts, government agencies or other parties, including physicians, may assert
that DocGo is engaged in the unlawful corporate practice of medicine. While penalties for violations of the corporate practice of medicine
vary from state to state, as a result of such allegations, DocGo could be subject to civil and criminal penalties, its contracts could
be found legally invalid and unenforceable, in whole or in part, or DocGo could be required to restructure its contractual arrangements
entirely. If found to be engaged in the corporate practice of medicine, DocGo may not be able to restructure its operations or its contractual
arrangements on favorable terms or at all. Any failure to comply with these laws and regulations regarding the corporate practice of medicine
and the consequences of such non-compliance could have a material adverse impact on DocGo s business, financial condition and
results of operations. 

DocGo believes its business
is structured to comply with the applicable regulations governing fee-splitting and the corporate practice of medicine in the states
where it generates revenue; however, in many cases and as noted above, these laws and regulations applicable to DocGo are subject to limited
or evolving interpretations, and there can be no assurances that a review of DocGo s business or operations by a court, law enforcement
or a regulatory authority might result in a determination of non-compliance. 

40 

Risks Related to DocGo s Indebtedness 

DocGo s future indebtedness could
require that it dedicate a portion of its cash flows to debt service obligations and reduce the funds that would otherwise be available
for other general corporate purposes and other business opportunities, which could adversely affect DocGo s operating performance,
growth, profitability and financial condition, which in turn could make it more difficult for it to generate cash flow sufficient to satisfy
all of its obligations under its future indebtedness. 

As of December 31, 2022, DocGo
did not have any amounts outstanding under a credit agreement (the Credit Agreement ), dated as of November 1, 2022, among
DocGo, the lender parties thereto, and Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent (the Agent ). The Credit Agreement provides
for a revolving credit facility in the initial aggregate principal amount of 90 million (the Revolving Facility ). Borrowings
under the Revolving Facility bear interest at a per annum rate equal to: (i) at DocGo s option, the (x) the base rate or (y) the
adjusted term SOFR rate, plus (ii) the applicable margin. DocGo is also required to pay a commitment fee to the lenders under the Revolving
Facility in respect of any unutilized commitments thereunder. DocGo s future indebtedness, including future borrowings under the
Credit Agreement or similar future arrangements, could require that it dedicate a portion of its cash flows to debt service payments.

DocGo s future indebtedness
could reduce the funds that would otherwise be available for operations, future business opportunities and payments of its future debt
obligations and could limit its ability to: 

obtain additional financing, if necessary, for
working capital and operations, or such financing may not be available on favorable terms; 

make needed capital expenditures; 

make strategic acquisitions or investments or
enter into joint ventures; 

react to changes or withstand a future downturn
in its business, the industry or the economy in general; 

meet expected demand growth, budget targets and
forecasts of future results; 

engage in business activities, including future
opportunities that may be in its interest; and 

react to competitive pressures or compete with
competitors with less debt. 

These limitations could adversely
affect its operating performance, growth, profitability and financial condition, which would make it more difficult for it to generate
cash flow sufficient to satisfy its obligations under its future indebtedness. 

DocGo s future ability
to make scheduled payments on its future debt obligations also depends on its then-current financial condition, results of operations
and capital resources, which are subject to, among other things: the business, financial, economic, industry, competitive, regulatory
and other factors discussed in these risk factors, and on other factors, some of which are beyond its control, including: the level of
capital expenditures it makes, including those for acquisitions, if any; its debt service requirements; fluctuations in its working capital
needs; its ability to borrow funds and access capital markets; and restrictions on debt service payments and its ability to make working
capital borrowings for future debt service payments contained in the Credit Agreement. 

If DocGo is unable to generate sufficient cash flow to permit it to
meet its future debt obligations under the Credit Agreement or any future arrangements, then it would be in default and, in the case of
the Credit Agreement, the Agent could accelerate repayment of all amounts outstanding under the Credit Agreement. If its future indebtedness
were to be accelerated, there can be no assurance that DocGo would have, or be able to obtain, sufficient funds to repay such future indebtedness
in full. In addition, under the Credit Agreement, in the event of a default, the Agent could seek foreclosure of the Agent s lien
on the assets of DocGo and its subsidiary guarantors and exercise other customary secured creditor rights. 

41 

DocGo might incur future debt, which could
further increase the risks to its financial condition described above. 

DocGo may incur significant
additional indebtedness in the future, including off-balance sheet financings, trade credit, contractual obligations and general and
commercial liabilities. Although the Credit Agreement contains certain restrictions on the incurrence of additional indebtedness, these
restrictions are subject to a number of qualifications and exceptions, and the additional indebtedness incurred in compliance with these
restrictions could be substantial. These restrictions also would not prevent DocGo from incurring obligations that do not constitute
indebtedness, and additionally it has its borrowing capacity under the Revolving Facility, which as of December 31, 2022, did not have
any borrowings outstanding, and had an available borrowing capacity of approximately 90 million (which is subject to customary borrowing
conditions). DocGo may be able to increase the commitments under the Revolving Facility by an additional aggregate principal amount of
up to 50 million. DocGo s future debt levels could further exacerbate the related risks to DocGo s financial condition that
it now faces. 

If DocGo is unable to generate sufficient
cash to service its future indebtedness, it may be forced to take other actions to fund the satisfaction of its obligations under its
future indebtedness, which may not be successful. 

If DocGo s cash flow
is insufficient to fund its future debt service obligations, it could face substantial liquidity problems and could be forced to reduce
or delay investments and capital expenditures or to dispose of material assets or operations, raise additional debt or equity capital
or restructure or refinance its future indebtedness. DocGo may not be able to implement any such alternative measures on commercially
reasonable terms or at all and, even if successful, those alternative actions may not allow DocGo to meet its future debt service obligations.
Even if new financing were available, it may be on terms that are less attractive to DocGo than its then-existing indebtedness or it may
not be on terms that are acceptable to DocGo. In addition, the Credit Agreement restricts DocGo s ability to dispose of assets and
use the proceeds from those dispositions. Thus, DocGo may not be able to consummate those dispositions or to obtain proceeds in an amount
sufficient to meet any debt service obligations then due. 

If DocGo cannot generate sufficient
cash flow to permit it to meet future payment requirements on its debt, then, under the Credit Agreement, it would be in default and the
Agent could accelerate repayment of all amounts outstanding under the Credit Agreement. If DocGo s future indebtedness were to be
accelerated, there can be no assurance that it would have, or be able to obtain, sufficient funds to repay such future indebtedness in
full. In addition, in the case of the Credit Agreement, in the event of a default, the Agent could seek foreclosure of the Agent s
lien on the assets of DocGo and its subsidiary guarantors and exercise other customary secured creditor rights, and DocGo could be forced
into bankruptcy or liquidation. 

The terms of DocGo s Credit
Agreement and potential future debt arrangements could restrict its current and future operations, particularly its ability to
respond to changes or to take certain actions. 

The Credit Agreement imposes
significant operating and financial restrictions on DocGo and may limit its ability to engage in acts that may be in its best interest,
including restrictions on DocGo s ability to: 

incur or guarantee additional indebtedness; 

pay dividends and make other distributions on, or redeem or repurchase, capital
stock; 

make certain investments; 

incur certain liens; 

enter into transactions with affiliates; 

merge or consolidate; and 

transfer or sell assets. 

42 

Additionally, the Credit Agreement
also requires DocGo to maintain a certain interest coverage ratio and a net leverage ratio. DocGo s ability to comply with the covenants
and restrictions contained in the Credit Agreement may be affected by events beyond its control. If market or other macroeconomic conditions
deteriorate, its ability to comply with these covenants and restrictions may be impaired. 

A breach of the covenants
could result in an event of default under the Credit Agreement, which, if not cured or waived, could have a material adverse effect on
DocGo s business, results of operations and financial condition, including the acceleration of payments as described above. If DocGo s
then-existing indebtedness were to be accelerated, there can be no assurance that it would have, or be able to obtain, sufficient funds
to repay such indebtedness in full. In addition, in the event of a default, the Agent could seek foreclosure of the Agent s lien
on the assets of DocGo and its subsidiary guarantors and exercise other customary secured creditor rights, and DocGo could be forced into
bankruptcy or liquidation. Any future debt arrangements that DocGo may enter into could also impose similar restrictions. 

DocGo s variable rate indebtedness
could subject it to interest rate risk, which could cause its debt service obligations to increase significantly. 

Borrowings under the Revolving
Facility are at variable rates of interest and DocGo s future borrowings under the Revolving Facility could expose DocGo to interest
rate risk. If interest rates increase, DocGo s debt service obligations on its future variable rate indebtedness could increase
even though the amount borrowed will remain the same, and DocGo s net income and operating cash flows, including cash available
for servicing its indebtedness, would correspondingly decrease. 

If the financial institutions that are lenders
under the Revolving Facility fail to extend credit under the facility, DocGo s liquidity and results of operations may be adversely
affected. 

Each financial institution
that is a lender under the Revolving Facility is responsible on a several but not joint basis for providing a portion of the loans to
be made under the facility. If any participant or group of participants with a significant portion of the commitments under the Revolving
Facility fails to satisfy its or their respective obligations to extend credit under the facility and DocGo is unable to find a replacement
for such participant or participants on a timely basis (if at all), DocGo s liquidity may be adversely affected. In addition, the
lenders under the Revolving Facility may terminate or reduce the Revolving Facility in certain circumstances, which could adversely impact
DocGo s liquidity and results of operations. 

Risks Relating to Ownership of Common Stock

Nasdaq may delist DocGo s securities
from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in its securities and subject DocGo to additional
trading restrictions. 

DocGo s Common Stock
is listed on Nasdaq under the symbol DCGO. DocGo is required to meet continued listing requirements for its securities to
continue to be listed on Nasdaq, including having a minimum number of public securities holders and a minimum stock price. DocGo cannot
assure you that it will continue to meet those listing requirements in the future. 

If Nasdaq delists DocGo s
securities from trading on its exchange and DocGo is not able to list its securities on another national securities exchange, DocGo expects
its securities could be quoted on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, it could face significant material adverse consequences,
including: 

a limited availability of market quotations for
its securities; 

reduced liquidity for its securities; 

a determination that the Common Stock is a penny
stock which will require brokers trading in Common Stock to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level
of trading activity in the secondary trading market for its securities; 

a limited amount of news and analyst coverage;
and 

a decreased ability to issue additional securities
or obtain additional financing in the future. 

43 

Because there are no current plans to pay
cash dividends on Common Stock for the foreseeable future, you may not receive any return on investment unless you sell your Common Stock
for a price greater than that which you paid for it. 

DocGo intends to retain future
earnings, if any, for future operations, expansion and debt repayment and there are no current plans to pay any cash dividends for the
foreseeable future. The declaration, amount and payment of any future dividends on shares of Common Stock will be at the sole discretion
of the Board. The Board may take into account general and economic conditions, DocGo s financial condition and results of operations,
DocGo s available cash and current and anticipated cash needs, capital requirements, contractual, legal, tax, and regulatory restrictions,
implications on the payment of dividends by DocGo to its stockholders or by its subsidiaries to it and such other factors as the Board
may deem relevant. In addition, DocGo s ability to pay dividends is limited by covenants of DocGo s existing and outstanding
indebtedness and may be limited by covenants of any future indebtedness DocGo incurs. As a result, you may not receive any return on an
investment in Common Stock unless you sell Common Stock for a price greater than that which you paid for it. 

If securities analysts do not publish research
or reports about DocGo s business or if they downgrade the Common Stock or DocGo s sector, DocGo s stock price and trading
volume could decline. 

The trading market for
Common Stock relies in part on the research and reports that industry or financial analysts publish about DocGo or its business. DocGo
does not control these analysts. In addition, some financial analysts may have limited expertise with DocGo s model and operations.
Furthermore, if one or more of the analysts who do cover DocGo downgrade its stock or industry, or the stock of any of its competitors,
or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about its business, the price of Common Stock could decline. If one or more of these analysts
cease coverage of DocGo or fail to publish reports on it regularly, DocGo could lose visibility in the market, which in turn could cause
its stock price or trading volume to decline. 

Future sales, or the perception of future
sales, by DocGo or its stockholders in the public market could cause the market price for Common Stock to decline. 

The sale of shares of Common
Stock in the public market, or the perception that such sales could occur, by senior executives, directors and significant stockholders
could harm the prevailing market price of shares of Common Stock. These sales, or the possibility that these sales may occur, also might
make it more difficult for DocGo to sell equity securities in the future at a time and at a price that it deems appropriate. 

In addition, the shares of
Common Stock reserved for future issuance under DocGo s equity incentive plans will become eligible for sale in the public market
once those shares are issued, subject to provisions relating to various vesting agreements and, in some cases, limitations on volume and
manner of sale applicable to affiliates under Rule 144, as applicable. The number of shares of Common Stock reserved for future issuance
under its equity incentive plans, including Substitute Options, represents approximately 11.5 of outstanding Common Stock as of December
31, 2022. The compensation committee of the Board may determine the exact number of shares to be reserved for future issuance under its
equity incentive plans at its discretion. DocGo has filed a Form S-8 under the Securities Act to register shares of Common Stock
and securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares of Common Stock issued pursuant to DocGo s equity incentive plan and
may file additional registration statements on Form S-8 in the future. Any such Form S-8 registration statements will automatically
become effective upon filing. Accordingly, shares registered under such registration statements will be available for sale in the open
market. 

In the future, DocGo
may also issue its securities in connection with investments or acquisitions. The amount of shares of Common Stock issued in connection
with an investment or acquisition could constitute a material portion of DocGo s then-outstanding shares of Common Stock. Any
issuance of additional securities in connection with investments or acquisitions may result in additional dilution to DocGo s stockholders. 

DocGo s share repurchase program may subject it to certain
risks. 

DocGo has adopted a share repurchase program to
repurchase shares of its Common Stock; however, any future decisions to reduce or discontinue repurchasing its common stock pursuant to
its share repurchase program could cause the market price for its Common Stock to decline. 

44 

Although the Board has authorized
the share repurchase program, any determination to execute its share repurchase program will be subject to, among other things, its financial
position and results of operations, available cash and cash flow, capital requirements and other factors, as well as its board of director s
continuing determination that the repurchase program is in the best interests of its stockholders and is in compliance with all laws and
agreements applicable to the repurchase program. DocGo s share repurchase program does not obligate it to acquire any common stock.
If it fails to meet any expectations related to share repurchases, the market price of its Common Stock could decline, and could have
a material adverse impact on investor confidence. Additionally, price volatility of its Common Stock over a given period may cause the
average price at which DocGo repurchases its Common Stock to exceed the stock s market price at a given point in time. 

DocGo may further increase
or decrease the amount of repurchases of its Common Stock in the future. Any reduction or discontinuance by DocGo of repurchases of its
Common Stock pursuant to its current share repurchase program could cause the market price of its Common Stock to decline. Moreover, in
the event repurchases of DocGo s common stock are reduced or discontinued, its failure or inability to resume repurchasing Common
Stock at historical levels could result in a lower market valuation of its Common Stock. 

Anti-takeover provisions in DocGo s
organizational documents could delay or prevent a change of control. 

Certain provisions of the
Certificate of Incorporation (as the same may be amended and/or restated from time to time) and the Bylaws (as the same may be amended
and/or restated from time to time) may have an anti-takeover effect and may delay, defer or prevent a merger, acquisition, tender
offer, takeover attempt or other change of control transaction that a stockholder might consider in its best interest, including those
attempts that might result in a premium over the market price for the shares held by DocGo s stockholders. 

These provisions provide for,
among other things: 

A classified board of directors; 

the ability of the Board to issue one or more series of preferred stock; 

advance notice for nominations of directors by
stockholders and for stockholders to include matters to be considered at DocGo s annual meetings; 

certain limitations on convening special stockholder
meetings; 

limiting the ability of stockholders to act by
written consent; 

supermajority provisions to amend the bylaws
and certain sections of the certificate of incorporation; and 

the Board with express authority to make, alter or repeal the Bylaws. 

These anti-takeover provisions
could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire DocGo, even if the third party s offer may be considered beneficial by
many of DocGo s stockholders. As a result, DocGo s stockholders may be limited in their ability to obtain a premium for their
shares. These provisions could also discourage proxy contests and make it more difficult for you and other stockholders to elect directors
of your choosing and to cause DocGo to take other corporate actions you desire. See Description of Securities. 

The certificate of incorporation designates
the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be
initiated by stockholders, which could limit stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with DocGo
or its directors, officers, employees or stockholders. 

The certificate of incorporation
provides that, unless DocGo, in writing, selects or consents to the selection of an alternative forum: (a) the sole and exclusive
forum for any complaint asserting any internal corporate claims, to the fullest extent permitted by law, and subject to applicable jurisdictional
requirements, is the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or, if the Court of Chancery does not have, or declines to accept, jurisdiction,
another state court or a federal court located within the State of Delaware) and (b) the sole and exclusive forum for any complaint
asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act, to the fullest extent permitted by law, shall be the federal district courts
of the U.S.; provided however, these provisions of the certificate of incorporation will not apply to suits brought to enforce a duty
or liability created by the Exchange Act (as explained below). 

45 

As a result, (1) derivative
action or proceeding brought on behalf of DocGo, (2) action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director,
officer, stockholder or employee to DocGo or its stockholders, (3) action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of
the DGCL or the certificate of incorporation or the Bylaws, or (4) action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine
shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be exclusively brought in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or, if the Court
of Chancery does not have, or declines to accept, jurisdiction, another state court or a federal court located within the State of Delaware).
Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of DocGo s capital stock shall be deemed to have notice
of and to have consented to the provisions of the certificate of incorporation described above. This choice of forum provision may limit
a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with DocGo or its directors, officers
or other employees, which may discourage such lawsuits against DocGo and its directors, officers and employees. Alternatively, if a court
were to find these provisions of the certificate of incorporation inapplicable to, or unenforceable in respect of, one or more of the
specified types of actions or proceedings, DocGo may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions,
which could adversely affect DocGo s business and financial condition. 

The certificate of incorporation
provides that the exclusive forum provision is applicable to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, subject to certain exceptions.
Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability
created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. As a result, the exclusive forum provision does not apply to
suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive
jurisdiction. 

The market price and trading volume
of Common Stock may be volatile. 

Stock markets, including Nasdaq,
have from time-to-time experienced significant price and volume fluctuations. The market price of DocGo s Common Stock, has been
and may continue to be volatile and could decline significantly, whether such price changes are related to matters specific to DocGo,
or due to general market conditions. In addition, the trading volume in Common Stock may fluctuate and cause significant price variations
to occur. If the market price of the Common Stock declines significantly, you may be unable to resell your shares of Common Stock at or
above the market price of Common Stock. DocGo cannot assure you that the market price of Common Stock will not fluctuate widely or decline
significantly in the future in response to a number of factors, including, among others, the following: 

the realization of any of the risk factors presented
in this Annual Report; 

actual or anticipated differences in DocGo s
estimates, or in the estimates of analysts, for DocGo s revenues, results of operations, level of indebtedness, liquidity or financial
condition; 

additions and departures of key personnel; 

failure to comply with the requirements of the
Nasdaq; 

failure to comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
or other laws or regulations; 

future issuances, sales or resales, or anticipated
issuances, sales or resales, of Common Stock; 

DocGo s inability to execute its stock
repurchase program as planned, including failure to meet internal or external expectations around the timing or price of stock repurchases,
and any reductions or discontinuances of repurchases thereunder; 

46 

perceptions of the investment opportunity associated
with Common Stock relative to other investment alternatives; 

the performance and market valuations of other
similar companies; 

future announcements concerning DocGo s
business or its competitors businesses; 

broad disruptions in the financial markets, including
sudden disruptions in the credit markets; 

speculation in the press or investment community; 

actual, potential or perceived control, accounting
or reporting problems; 

changes in accounting principles, policies and
guidelines; and 

general macroeconomic and geopolitical conditions,
such as the effects of the COVID-19 or other pandemic outbreaks, recessionary fears, rising interest rates, and inflationary environment
local and national elections, fuel prices, international currency fluctuations, corruption, political instability, including the conflict
in Ukraine and rising tensions in the Taiwan Strait and acts of war or terrorism. 

In the past, securities class-action litigation
has often been instituted against companies following periods of volatility in the market price of their securities. This type of litigation
could result in substantial costs and divert DocGo s management s attention and resources, which could have a material adverse
effect on DocGo. 

Future issuances of debt securities and
equity securities may adversely affect DocGo, including the market price of Common Stock and may be dilutive to existing stockholders. 

There is no assurance
that DocGo will not incur debt or issue equity ranking senior to Common Stock. Those securities will generally have priority upon liquidation.
Such securities also may be governed by an indenture or other instrument containing covenants restricting its operating flexibility.
Additionally, any convertible or exchangeable securities that DocGo issues in the future may have rights, preferences and privileges
more favorable than those of Common Stock. Separately, additional financing may not be available on favorable terms, or at all. Because
DocGo s decision to issue debt or equity in the future will depend on market conditions and other factors, it cannot predict or
estimate the amount, timing, nature or success of DocGo s future capital raising efforts. As a result, future capital raising efforts
may reduce the market price of Common Stock and be dilutive to existing stockholders. 

The JOBS Act permits emerging growth
companies like DocGo to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements applicable to other public companies
that are not emerging growth companies. 

DocGo qualifies as an emerging
growth company as defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such, DocGo can take advantage
of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements for as long as it continues to be an emerging growth company, including (i)
the exemption from the auditor attestation requirements with respect to internal control over financial reporting under Section 404 of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, (ii) the exemptions from say-on-pay, say-on-frequency and say-on-golden parachute voting requirements
and (iii) reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in DocGo s periodic reports and proxy statements. As a
result, DocGo s stockholders may not have access to certain information they deem important. DocGo will remain an emerging growth
company until the earliest of (i) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of its Initial Public Offering,
(b) in which DocGo has a total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion or (c) in which DocGo is deemed to be a large accelerated
filer, which means the market value of the Common Stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the last business
day of its second fiscal quarter, and (ii) the date on which DocGo has issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt
during the prior three-year period. 

47 

In addition, Section 107 of
the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the exemption from complying with new or revised accounting
standards provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act as long as it is an emerging growth company. An emerging growth company
can therefore delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. The
JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to
non-emerging growth companies, but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. DocGo has elected to avail itself of such extended
transition period, which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private
companies, DocGo, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or
revised standard. This may make comparison of DocGo s financial statements with another public company that is neither an emerging
growth company nor an emerging growth company that has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because
of the potential differences in accounting standards used. 

DocGo cannot predict if investors
will find its Common Stock less attractive because it relies on these exemptions. If some investors find the Common Stock less attractive
as a result, there may be a less active trading market for the Common Stock and more stock price volatility. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

None. 

Item 2. Properties. 

Facilities 

Our
principal executive offices are located in New York City, where we occupy approximately 6,000 square feet under a lease that expires
in 2026. We use this facility for administration, sales and marketing, and general corporate activities. In addition to our headquarters,
to support our local operations, as of December 31, 2022, we owned or leased 30 office locations elsewhere in the United States (seven
in New York, six in Wisconsin, four in New Jersey, three in Texas, two each in California, Colorado and Delaware, one each in Alabama,
New Mexico, Pennsylvania and Tennessee. These local facilities are used principally for ambulance basing, garaging and maintenance, as
well as for administrative activities and general oversight. Outside of the United States, we currently lease seven facilities in
England. These facilities are used for administrative functions and ambulance basing. Our leases for our local facilities expire at various
dates through 2029. We believe our existing facilities are adequate to meet our current requirements, and we anticipate that suitable
space will be readily available if needed. We intend to procure additional, similar facilities as we expand geographically. 

Vehicle Fleet 

As
of December 31, 2022, we operated 643 vehicles in the United States, including 384 ambulances, 88 wheelchair vans and 171 basic transportation
or support vehicles. Approximately 47 of our fleet is leased and 53 is owned. We replace ambulances based upon age and usage, generally
every eight to ten years. The average age of our existing active ambulance fleet is approximately four years. We generally prefer
to lease vehicles, but we have purchased vehicles in the past when deemed appropriate. Most of our owned vehicles were acquired in connection
with business acquisitions. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we operated another 395 vehicles in the United Kingdom, including 18 First Response Ambulances, 11 Mental Health
Transport vehicles, 52 High Dependency Units, 288 Patient Transport vehicles and 26 support vehicles. Approximately 67 of our fleet is
owned and 33 is leased. 

We
use a combination of commercial and in-house maintenance services to maintain our fleet. In those geographies where quality external commercial
maintenance services are able to meet our quality standards, we will utilize those commercial maintenance services. We continue to explore
ways to decrease our overall maintenance expenditures for vehicles, including major refurbishing and overhaul of our vehicles to extend
their useful life. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 

We are subject to legal proceedings,
claims and litigation arising in the ordinary course of our business. The information set forth in Note 20 of the Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements is incorporated herein by reference. 

From
time to time, in the ordinary course of our business, we, like others in our industry, receive requests for information from government
agencies in connection with their regulatory or investigational authority. These requests can include subpoenas or demand letters for
documents to assist the government in audits or investigations. We review such requests and notices and take what we believe to be appropriate
action. We have been subject to certain requests for information and investigations in the past and could be subject to such requests
for information and investigations in the future. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not
applicable. 

48 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common
Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Our
Common Stock is currently traded on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the trading symbol DCGO. 

As
of March 14, 2023, there were 103 holders of record of our Common Stock. 

We have not declared or paid any cash dividends on our Common Stock
to date, and we do not currently intend to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future. The payment of cash dividends in the future will
depend on a number of factors, including our future revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition.
Any future determination relating to our dividend policy will be made at the discretion of our Board. Our ability to declare dividends
may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection with our indebtedness. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None. 

Repurchases of Equity Securities 

On May 24, 2022, our Board
approved a share repurchase program to purchase up to 40 million of our Common Stock (the Program ). The Program does not
obligate us to acquire any specific number of shares and will expire on November 24, 2023, and the Program may be suspended, extended,
modified or discontinued at any time. Under the Program, repurchases can be made using a variety of methods, which may include open market
purchases, block trades, privately negotiated transactions and/or a non-discretionary trading plan, all in compliance with the rules of
the SEC and other applicable legal requirements. The timing, manner, price and amount of any common stock repurchases under the Program
are determined by us in our discretion and depend on a variety of factors, including legal requirements, price and economic and market
conditions. During the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, the Company repurchased 536,839 shares. As of December 31, 2022, approximately
 36.2 million remained available for share repurchases pursuant to the Program. 

Month 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased 
 Average 
 Price 
 Paid per 
 Share 
 Total Number of Shares 
 Purchased as Part of 
 Publicly Announced 
 Plans or Programs 
 Approximate 
 Dollar Value of 
 Shares That May 
 Yet Be Purchased 
 Under the Plans 
 or Programs 
 
 October 1 through 31, 2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 39,502,000 
 
 November 1 through 30, 2022 
 193,927 
 6.88 
 193,927 
 38,168,568 
 
 December 1 through 31, 2022 
 272,912 
 7.10 
 272,912 
 36,231,296 

466,839 
 6.98 
 466,839 
 36,231,296 

Item 6. Reserved. 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and
results of operations should be read in conjunction with our Consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes included elsewhere
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The discussion and analysis below contain certain forward-looking statements about our business and
operations that are subject to the risks, uncertainties, and other factors described in the section entitled Risk Factors, 
included in Part I, Item 1A, and other factors included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. These risks, uncertainties, and
other factors could cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed in, or implied by, the forward-looking statements.
Please refer to the section entitled Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. 

Unless the context requires otherwise, references to DocGo, 
 we, us, our and the Company in this section are to the business and operations
of DocGo and its consolidated subsidiaries, including those periods prior to the Business Combination. Certain figures, such as interest
rates and other percentages, included in this section have been rounded for ease of presentation. Percentage figures included in this
section have, in some cases, been calculated on the basis of such rounded figures. For this reason, percentage amounts in this section
may vary slightly from those obtained by performing the same calculations using the figures in DocGo s Consolidated Financial Statements
or in the associated text. Certain other amounts that appear in this section may similarly not sum due to rounding. 

Overview 

DocGo,
which was originally formed in 2015, is a healthcare transportation and mobile services company that uses proprietary dispatch and
communication technology to help provide quality healthcare transportation and mobile services in-person medical treatment
directly to patients in the comfort of their homes, workplaces and other non-traditional locations, in major metropolitan
cities in the United States and the United Kingdom. 

The
Company derives revenue primarily from its two operating segments: Transportation Services and Mobile Health Services. 

Transportation Services: The services offered by this segment encompass both emergency response and non-emergency transport services. Non-emergency transport services include ambulance transports and wheelchair transports. Net revenue from Transportation Services is derived from the transportation of patients based on billings to third party payors and healthcare facilities. 

Mobile Health Services: The services offered by this segment include a wide variety of healthcare services performed at home and offices, testing, vaccinations and event services which include on-site healthcare support at sporting events and concerts. 

49 

See Item 1. Business in this Annual Report on Form 10-K
for additional information regarding DocGo s business. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022 the Company recorded net income of 30.7 million, compared to net income of 19.2 million in
the year ended December 31, 2021. 

COVID-19 

The spread of COVID-19 and the related shutdowns and restrictions had
a mixed impact on our business. In the Transportation Services segment, which comprises primarily of non-emergency medical transport,
the Company saw a decline in volumes from historical and expected levels, as elective surgeries and other non-emergency surgical procedures
were postponed. In addition, in the Mobile Health segment, the Company experienced lost revenue associated with sporting, concerts and
other events, as those events were cancelled or had a significantly restricted (or entirely eliminated) number of permitted attendees.
Ambulance transports and event-related revenues have both since recovered to pre-COVID levels or higher. 

There are two areas where the Company experienced positive business
impacts from COVID-19. In April and May 2020, the Company participated in an emergency project with Federal Emergency Management Agency
in the New York City area. This engagement resulted in incremental transportation revenue that partially offset some of the lost non-emergency
transport revenues. In addition, in response to the need for widespread COVID-19 testing and available EMTs and paramedics, the Company
expanded its operations to include Rapid Reliable Testing RRT ), with the goal of performing COVID-19 tests at nursing homes,
municipal sites, businesses, schools and other venues. RRT is part of the Mobile Health business line. Mobile Health generated approximately
 325.9 million in revenue in the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 234.4 million in 2021 and 30.9 million in 2020. While
COVID-19 testing has become a minor part of this segment s business, as of the second half of 2022, the Mobile Health segment has
continued to grow. We have expanded our service offerings in this segment to offer a wider range of testing, vaccination and other services
to a broader customer group. 

During 2020 and the early part of 2021, the Company continued to operate
with several back-office employees working remotely. During that time, the Company did not witness any significant reduction in productivity
from these employees, nearly all of whom returned to their respective offices and other locations by early 2021 and our operations have
proceeded without major interruption. DocGo also utilized several government programs in 2020 related to the pandemic, receiving approximately
 1.0 million in payments through the Public Health and Social Services Emergency Fund authorized under the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and
Economic Security Act and related legislation as well as various state and local programs. DocGo also received accelerated Medicare payments
of approximately 2.4 million that were repaid in 2022. 

As the COVID-19 pandemic reaches endemic stages, the future impacts
of it or other pandemics on DocGo remain highly uncertain and subject to numerous factors, including the severity of any new outbreaks,
resurgences and variants, actions taken to contain resurgences or variants or to address their impact, and other effects, and its related
impact on medical transportation levels remain uncertain. However, trip volumes in most of our markets returned to more normal historical
levels in 2021, and this trend continued throughout 2022. The Company generated, during 2021, COVID-19 testing revenue, included in its
Mobile Health services segment, above the levels projected, and this persisted through the second quarter of 2022. However, as expected,
COVID-19 testing revenues declined in the third quarter of 2022 and declined further in the fourth quarter, to the point where, as of
the date of the filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, they account for an insignificant proportion of total revenues. Given the nature
of the Company s contracts with most of its customers, which include multiple procedures for which the Company is paid per hours
worked, per vehicles and related equipment utilized and on a per-procedure basis (such procedures including both testing and several other
procedures), it is difficult to determine the revenues that are directly attributable to COVID-19 testing. However, the Company estimates
that COVID-19 testing revenue will continue to account for an insignificant proportion of Mobile Health segment and overall consolidated
revenues in 2023 and beyond, as COVID-19 enters the endemic phase. In a broader, strategic sense, the consumer focus on Mobile Health
services and the formation of RRT, and its emergence as a significant contributor to overall revenues, have accelerated the diversification
in the Company s business by more rapid expansion of the Mobile Health segment, which has now become our larger operating segment,
both in terms of revenues and personnel. 

The Company s current business plan assumes an increased demand
for Mobile Health services, a demand that was accelerated by the pandemic, but which we believe is also being driven by longer-term secular
factors, such as the increasing desire on the part of patients to receive treatments outside of traditional settings, such as doctor s
offices and hospitals. In the Transportation segment, volumes are expected to continue to rise, reflecting an aging population in the
U.S. and U.K., which tends to drive demand for the non-emergent medical transportation services provided by the Company. 

50 

Factors Affecting
Our Results of Operations 

Our operating results and financial performance are influenced by a
variety of factors, including, among others, our ability to obtain or maintain operating licenses; the success of our acquisition strategy;
conditions in the healthcare transportation and mobile health services markets; our competitive environment; overall macroeconomic and
geopolitical conditions, including rising interest rates, the inflationary environment, the potential recessionary environment, regional
conflict and tensions; availability of healthcare professionals; changes in the cost of labor; and production schedules of our suppliers.
Some of these important factors are briefly discussed below. Future revenue growth and improvement in operating results will be largely
contingent on DocGo s ability to penetrate new markets and further penetrate existing markets, which is subject to a number of uncertainties,
many of which are beyond DocGo s control. The COVID-19 pandemic also significantly impacted DocGo s business, as discussed
above. While the direct impact of the pandemic itself has waned, other impacts, such as supply chain disruptions and the cost and availability
of labor are expected to persist. 

Operating Licenses 

DocGo
has historically pursued a strategy to apply for ambulance operating licenses in the states, counties and cities, identified for future
new market entry. The approval of a new operating license may take an extended period of time. DocGo reduces this risk through its acquisition
strategy by identifying businesses and/or underlying licenses in these new markets that may be for sale. 

Acquisitions 

Historically
DocGo pursued an acquisition strategy to obtain ambulance operating licenses from small operators. Future acquisitions may also
include larger companies that may help drive revenue, profitability, cash flow and stockholder value, in both the Mobile Health and
the Transportation segments. During the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, DocGo completed five acquisitions, for a
purchase price of 69.1 million.

On July 6, 2022, the Company acquired Government Medical Services,
LLC GMS in exchange for 20.3 million in cash and up to a total of 3.0 million in future contingent consideration upon
GMS meeting certain performance conditions . GMS is in the business of providing licensed healthcare clinicians. We believe this
acquisition will allow us to increase our presence in that market, while giving us improved access to municipal contracts. 

On July 13, 2022, the Company acquired Exceptional Medical Transportation,
LLC Exceptional in exchange for 7.7 million in cash (and a total of 6.0 million deferred consideration). The
Company also agreed to pay an estimated 1.1 million contingent consideration upon Exceptional meeting certain performance conditions. 
Exceptional is in the business of providing medical transportation services in New Jersey. We believe this acquisition will allow us to
increase our presence in that market. 

On August 9, 2022, the Company acquired Ryan Brothers Ambulance Inc. RB ), in exchange for 7.4 million of cash (and a total of 4 million in future contingent consideration). Ryan Brothers
is in the business of providing medical transportation services in Wisconsin. We believe this acquisition will allow us to increase our
presence in that market. 

On
October 12, 2022, the Company acquired Community Ambulance Services LTD CAS in exchange for approximately 5.5
million in cash. CAS is located in the U.K. and is engaged in providing emergency and non-emergency transport
services, including high dependency, urgent care, mental health and blue light transport services and diagnostics testing. We believe
that this acquisition will help allow us to continue to grow our presence in the U.K. market. 

On December 9, 2022, Ambulnz
U.K. Ltd., a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company acquired Location Medical Services, LLC LMS for a total of 11.6 million
in cash (of which 11.3 million is deferred consideration) and 2.5 million in future contingent consideration. LMS, based in Shepperton,
U.K., provides professional medical support services, including staff and equipment, for events (festivals, equestrian, cycling, etc.),
as well as for the film and television production industry. LMS has a staff of over 250 medical professionals. We believe that this acquisition
will allow us to increase our share of the events business in the U.K. market. 

During the twelve months ended December 31, 2021, DocGo completed
one acquisition, for a purchase price of 2.3 million. 

Healthcare Services Market 

The transportation services market is highly dependent on patients
requiring transportation after surgeries and other medical procedures and treatments. During the pandemic, DocGo experienced a decrease
in transportation volumes as a result of fewer elective surgeries. However, since 2021, the Company has seen increased demand and trip
volumes in nearly all of its Transportation services markets, as elective surgeries resumed and as the Company expanded its customer base. 

51 

Overall Economic Conditions in the Markets in which we Operate 

Economic
changes both nationally and locally in our markets impact our financial performance. Unfavorable changes in demographics, health care
coverage of transportation and mobile health services, interest rates, ambulance manufacturing, a weakening of the national economy or
of any regional or local economy in which we operate and other factors beyond our control could adversely affect our business. 

Trip Volumes and Average
Trip Price 

A
 trip is defined as an instance where the Company completes the transport of a patient to a specific destination, for which
we are able to charge a fee. This metric does not include instances where a trip is ordered and subsequently either canceled (by the customer)
or declined (by the Company). As trip volume represents the most basic unit of transportation service provided by the Company, it is the
best measure of the level of demand for the Company s Transportation services, and is used by management to monitor and manage the
scale of the business. 

The
average trip price is calculated by dividing the aggregate revenue from completed transports trips by the total number
of transports, and is an important indicator of the effective rate at which the Company is being compensated for its provision of Transportation
services. 

Revenues
generated from programs under which DocGo is paid a fixed rate for the use of a fully staffed and equipped ambulance do not factor in
the trip counts or average trip prices mentioned above. We anticipate that these fixed rate, leased hour programs will account
for an increasing proportion of the Transportation segment s revenues in the future. 

Our Ability to Control Expenses 

We pay close attention to managing our working capital and operating
expenses. Some of our most significant operating expenses are labor costs, medical supplies and vehicle-related costs, such as fuel,
maintenance, repair and insurance. Insurance costs include premiums paid for coverage as well as reserves for estimated losses within
the Company s insurance policy deductibles. We aim to employ our proprietary technology to drive improvements in productivity per
transport. We regularly analyze our workforce productivity with a goal of balancing the optimum, cost-efficient labor mix for our
locations. 

Inflation 

Beginning in March 2021, the inflation rate in the US, as measured
by the Consumer Price Index (CPI) has generally trended higher. This data is reported monthly, showing year-over-year changes in prices
across a basket of goods and services. The monthly 12-month inflation rate was 2.6 in March 2021, and increased steadily over the rest
of 2021 and into 2022, with the inflation rate hitting 9.1 in June 2022. The inflation rate has seemingly moderated since that point,
declining to 6.4 in January 2023, but remains well above historical averages. On an annual basis, in 2019, the inflation rate was approximately
1.8 , while it dropped to approximately 1.2 in 2020, rising to 4.7 in 2021 and 8.0 in 2022. The increased inflation rate has had an
impact on the Company s expenses in several areas, including wages, fuel and medical and other supplies. This has had the impact
of compressing gross profit margins, as the Company is generally unable to pass these higher costs on to its customers, particularly in
the short term. In an attempt to dampen inflation, the U.S. Federal Reserve implemented seven interest rate hikes in 2022, and another
hike to date in 2023, raising its benchmark rate (the federal funds rate from near 0.00 at the beginning of 2022 to the
current level of 4.50 -4.75 as of the date of the filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The federal funds rate was raised in March,
May, June, July, September, November and December of 2022 and in February of 2023. The rate of the increase in the federal funds rate
has declined, however, with the December 2022 increase coming in at 0.50 and the February 2023 rate increase of 0.25 , compared with
rate hikes at 0.75 each in June, July, September and November of 2022. Looking to 2023, we anticipate a continued moderation of the inflation
rate when compared to the levels seen in 2022, as a result of these recent rate hikes, but expect that inflation will remain well above
the levels seen in the previous 10 years, when the annual inflation rate ranged from 0.1 to 2.4 . If inflation is above the levels that
the Company anticipates, gross margins could be below plan and our business, operating results and cash flows may be adversely affected. 

Investing in R D and Enhancing our Customer Experience 

Our
performance is dependent on the investments we make in research and development, including our ability to attract and retain highly skilled
research and development personnel. We must continually develop and introduce innovative new software services, integrate with third-party products
and services, mobile applications and other new offerings. If we fail to innovate and enhance our brand and our products, our market position
and revenue will likely be adversely affected. 

Regulatory Environment 

DocGo
is subject to federal, state and local regulations including healthcare and emergency medical services laws and regulations and tax laws
and regulations. The Company s current business plan assumes no material change in these laws and regulations. In the event any
such change occurs, compliance with new laws and regulations might significantly affect its operations and cost of doing business. 

52 

Components of Results
of Operations 

Our
business consists of two reportable segments Transportation services and Mobile Health services. The Company evaluates
the performance of both segments based primarily on results of its operations. Accordingly, other income and expenses not included in
results from operations are only included in the discussion of consolidated results of operations. 

Revenue 

The
Company s revenue consists of services provided by its Transportation segment and its Mobile Health segment. 

Cost of Revenues 

Cost
of revenues consists primarily of revenue generating wages paid to employees, vehicle insurance costs (including insurance premiums and
costs incurred under the insurance deductibles), maintenance, fuel, laboratory fees, facility rent, medical supplies and subcontractors.
We expect cost of revenue to continue to rise in proportion to the expected increase in revenue. 

Operating expenses 

General and Administrative Expenses 

General
and administrative expenses consist primarily of salaries, bad debt expense, insurance expense, consultant fees, and professional fees
for accounting services. We expect our general and administrative expense to increase as we scale up headcount with the growth of our
business, and as a result of operating as a public company, including compliance with SEC rules and regulations, audit, additional insurance
expenses, investor relations activities, and other administrative and professional services. 

Depreciation and Amortization 

DocGo
depreciates its assets using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the respective assets. Amortization of intangibles
consists of amortization of definite-lived intangible assets over their respective useful lives. 

Legal and
Regulatory Expenses 

Legal
and regulatory expenses include legal fees, consulting fees related to healthcare compliance, claims processing fees and legal settlements. 

Technology and
development Expenses 

Technology and development expense, net of capitalization, consists
primarily of costs incurred in the design and development of DocGo s proprietary technology, third-party software and technologies.
We expect technology and development expense to increase in future periods to support our growth, including as we invest in the optimization,
accuracy and reliability of our platform to help drive efficiency in our operations. These expenses may vary from period to period as
a percentage of revenue, depending primarily upon when we choose to make more significant investments, which is in turn, dependent on
numerous factors, including when we plan to enter into new business lines or customer sales channels. 

Sales, Advertising and Marketing 

Our
sales and marketing expenses consist of costs directly associated with our sales and marketing activities, which primarily include sales
commissions, marketing programs, trade shows, and promotional materials. We expect that our sales and marketing expenses will continue
to increase over time as we increase our marketing activities, grow our domestic and international operations, and continue to build brand
awareness. As the Company expands its sales efforts to include the direct-to-consumer channel, marketing expenses are likely to increase
as a percentage of revenues, given the marketing-intensive nature of that sales channel. 

Interest Expense 

Interest
expense consists primarily of interest on our outstanding borrowings under our outstanding notes payable, credit line and financing obligations. 

53 

Results of Operations 

Comparison of Fiscal
2022 with Fiscal 2021 

Years Ended December 31, 
 Change 
 Change 
 
 in Millions 
 2022 
 2021 

Revenue, net 
 440.5 
 318.7 
 121.8 
 38 

Cost of revenues 
 285.8 
 209.0 
 76.8 
 37 
 
 Operating expenses: 

General and administrative 
 103.4 
 74.9 
 28.5 
 38 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 10.6 
 7.5 
 3.1 
 41 
 
 Legal and regulatory 
 8.8 
 3.9 
 4.9 
 126 
 
 Technology and development 
 5.4 
 3.3 
 2.1 
 64 
 
 Sales, advertising and marketing 
 4.7 
 4.8 
 (0.1 
 (2 
 
 Total expenses 
 418.7 
 303.4 
 115.3 
 38 
 
 Income (loss) from operations 
 21.8 
 15.4 
 6.5 

Other income (expenses): 

Interest income (expense), net 
 0.8 
 (0.8 
 1.6 
 200 
 
 Gain (loss) from Payroll Protection Program PPP loan forgiveness 
 - 
 0.1 
 (0.1 

Gain on remeasurement of warrant liabilities 
 1.1 
 5.2 
 (4.1 

Gain (loss) on equity method investment 
 - 
 (0.1 
 0.1 

Gain on remeasurement of finance leases 
 1.4 
 - 
 1.4 

Loss on disposal of fixed assets 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Gain on bargain purchase 
 1.6 
 - 
 1.6 

Other income (loss) 
 (3.9 
 - 
 (3.9 

Total other income (expense) 
 1.0 
 4.4 
 (3.4 
 (77 

Net income (loss) before income tax benefit (expense) 
 22.8 
 19.8 
 3.3 

Benefit (provision) for income tax 
 7.9 
 (0.6 
 8.5 

Net income (loss) 
 30.7 
 19.2 
 11.5 
 60 
 
 Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests 
 (3.9 
 (4.5 
 0.6 
 13 
 
 and Subsidiaries 
 34.6 
 23.7 
 10.9 

Consolidated 

For the year ended December
31, 2022, total revenues were 440.5 million, an increase of 121.8 million, or 38 , from the total revenues recorded in the year ended
December 31, 2021. 

Mobile Health 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, Mobile Health revenue was 325.9
million, an increase of 91.4 million, or 39 , as compared with the year ended December 31, 2021. This increase was primarily due to the
expansion of the services offered by this segment, particularly with respect to testing, vaccination and other healthcare services revenues.
This expansion accelerated through 2021 and into 2022 as the Company increased its customer base, primarily in the municipal customer
segment, and its geographic reach, while extending the terms of and/or expanding the scope of several large customer contracts and introducing
a broader range of services. Compared to the prior year, 2022 featured significantly lower COVID-19 testing revenue, which was outweighed
by the substantial increase in other Mobile Health services, as the Mobile Health segment transitioned away from its dependence on COVID-19
related revenue. COVID-19 testing continued to be a significant driver of Mobile Health revenues in the first half of 2022, but dropped
sharply in the third quarter of the year, and represented an insignificant proportion of total revenues in the fourth quarter. 

54 

Transportation Services 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, Transportation Services revenue
was 114.6 million an increase of 30.3 million, or 36 , as compared with the year ended December 31, 2021. This increase was due to a
20 increase in transportation trip volumes, from 180,753 trips for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 216,009 trips for the year ended
December 31, 2022. The increase in trip volumes was due to a combination of growth in the customer base in certain core markets, entry
into new markets in 2021 and early 2022 and acquisitions made during the second half of 2022. Our average trip price increased from 301
in the year ended December 31, 2021, to 380 in the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase in the average trip price in 2022 reflected
a shift in mix toward higher-priced transports with existing customers, as well as the acquisition of licenses to provide higher acuity
transports resulting in higher prices per trip. The average trip price also benefited from a 5.1 increase in the average Medicare reimbursement
rate for ambulance transports. In October 2022, the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) announced that the Medicare ambulance
fee schedule would be increasing by a further 8.7 , effective January 1, 2023. 

Cost of Revenue 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, total cost of revenue (exclusive
of depreciation and amortization) increased by 37 , as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, while revenue increased by approximately
38 . Cost of revenue as a percentage of revenue decreased to 64.9 in 2022 from 65.5 in 2021. 

In absolute dollar terms,
cost of revenue in the year ended December 31, 2022 increased by 76.8 million from the levels of the year ended December 31, 2021. This
was primarily attributable to a 64.9 million increase in total compensation, due to higher headcount for both the Transportation Services
and Mobile Health segments; a 16.0 million increase in subcontracted labor, driven mostly by the Mobile Health segment, where the Company
did not have sufficient personnel to staff the initial phases of large new projects; 13.6 million increase in vehicle costs, driven by
a continued increase in the Company s vehicle fleet and higher fuel and maintenance costs, as well as costs incurred to rent vehicles
to provide Mobile Health services; a 2.1 million increase in travel costs, due to field personnel and other clinicians who traveled out
of their home regions to provide Mobile Health services; a 0.4 million increase in facilities and related costs; and approximately 2.6
million in increases across a variety of other cost of revenue categories relating to the Company s increased scale and geographic
presence. These items were partially offset by a 21.1 million decrease in lab fees related to COVID-19 testing activity, reflecting sharply
lower COVID-19 testing activity in the second half of 2022, lower per-test lab fees and a shift toward rapid tests; and a 1.8 million
decline in medical supplies, reflecting a decline in COVID-19 testing activity and improved sourcing of various supplies. 

For the Mobile Health segment,
cost of revenues (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) in the year ended December 31, 2022 amounted to 199.2 million, compared
to 145.2 million in the year ended December 31, 2021. Cost of revenues as a percentage of revenues decreased slightly to 61.1 from 61.9 ,
due to the increase in revenues and the continued shift away from higher-cost subcontracted labor toward Company personnel during 2022,
which was partially offset by higher compensation costs associated with some of the Company s newer projects. 

For the Transportation services
segment, cost of revenues (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) in the year ended December 31, 2022 was 86.5 million, an increase
of 23.1 million, or 36 , from the year ended December 31, 2021. Cost of revenues as a percentage of revenues were essentially unchanged,
at 75.5 in 2022 compared to 75.3 in 2021. Increased volumes and higher average trip prices, as described above, combined with lower
average hourly wages, as recent market wage pressures began to subside, and as the Company more effectively managed its staff to reduce
overtime hours for field employees, to offset the effects of increased fuel costs. Fuel prices moderated somewhat during the third quarter
and in the fourth quarters of 2022, but the full-year average fuel price for 2022 was approximately 29 above the full-year average for
2021. We anticipate that fuel prices will remain at elevated levels for 2023, but we expect that the full-year average for 2023 will be
lower than it was in 2022. 

Operating expenses 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, operating expenses were 132.9
million compared to 94.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 41 . As a percentage of revenue, operating expenses
increased slightly, from 29.6 in 2021 to 30.2 in 2022, despite the significant increase in overall revenues described above, as the
Company continued to add to its management infrastructure and incurred a full year s worth of expenses relating to its status as
a public company. The increase of 38.3 million related primarily to a 20.1 million increase in total compensation, which includes salaries,
benefits, bonuses and commissions for both direct and subcontracted labor, reflecting higher headcount driven by the Company s overall
growth and expansion; a 7.1 million increase in legal, accounting and other professional fees related to increased revenue and related
contract generation and SEC filing-related costs; a 2.8 million increase in insurance costs reflecting the growth and expansion of the
Company, as well as the addition of directors and officers (D O) insurance in 2022; a 3.2 million increase in depreciation and amortization
charges due to an increase in assets to support revenue growth and capitalized software amortization, including from recently acquired
companies; a 2.3 million increase in rent utility expenses, due to the Company s ongoing growth and geographic expansion; a 2.9
million increase in IT infrastructure, driven by the Company s business and headcount expansion; and a 0.6 million increase in
marketing expenses, driven in part by expenditures made to develop and expand the Company s direct-to-consumer (DTC) and other Mobile
Health programs. These items were partially offset by a 0.7 million decline witnessed across several operating expense categories, such
as travel, commissions and general office expenses. The Company anticipates that operating expenses will continue to increase along with
the Company s revenue growth and remain in the range of 25 -30 of revenue in the coming quarters. 

55 

For the Mobile Health segment,
operating expenses in the year ended December 31, 2022 were 58.0 million, up 25 from operating expenses of 46.3 million in the year
ended December 31, 2021. Operating expenses as a percentage of revenues decreased to 17.8 from 19.8 in 2021, due to the increase in
Mobile Health revenues, which outweighed the effect of the significant expenditures that were made in 2022 in the expansion of services
and geographic areas of operation, as well as the continued buildout of the Mobile Health management infrastructure and the costs of developing
the Company s on-demand direct-to-consumer offering. 

For the Transportation services
segment, operating expenses in the year ended December 31, 2022 were 74.0 million, up 26.6 million, or 56 , from the year ended December
31, 2021. Operating expenses as a percentage of revenues increased to 64.6 from 56.3 in the prior year period, despite the increase
in revenues, primarily due to increases in the Company s corporate overhead expenditures, as described above, as these expenses
were allocated to the Transportation segment for purposes of segment reporting. Operating expenses for the Transportation segment were
also driven higher by the inclusion of the acquisitions the Company made in the second half of 2022. 

Interest Income (Expense), Net 

For the year ended December
31, 2022, the Company recorded 0.8 million of net interest income compared to 0.8 million of interest expense in the year ended December
31, 2021. This was due to a significantly higher amount of interest earned during 2022, resulting from an increase in the Company s
cash balances in income-bearing accounts, coupled with higher rates of interest earned on balances in these accounts, which reflected
significantly higher market interest rates. 

Gain/(loss) on Remeasurement of Warrant Liabilities 

During the year ended December
31, 2022, the Company recorded a net gain of approximately 1.1 million from the remeasurement of warrant liabilities. The warrants are
marked-to-market in each reporting period, and this gain reflected the decrease in DocGo s stock price relative to the beginning
of the period. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded a net gain of 5.2 million on the remeasurement of warrant
liabilities. On August 15, 2022, the Company announced the redemption of all of its outstanding warrants under the Warrant Agreement,
dated as of October 14, 2020, by and between Motion and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, on the redemption
date of September 16, 2022 (the Redemption Date ). Warrants surrendered for exercise on a cashless basis resulted in the
issuance of 1,406,371 shares. A total of 68,514 warrants were not surrendered on the Redemption Date and were redeemed for 0.10 per warrant. 

Gain/(Loss) on Equity Method Investment 

During the year ended December
31, 2022, the Company recorded a gain on equity method investment of 8,919, representing its share of the losses incurred by an entity
in which the Company has a minority interest, which is accounted for under the equity method. This investment was made in the fourth quarter
of 2021, during which period a loss of 66,818 was recorded in relation to this equity method investment. 

Gain on Bargain Purchase 

During the year ended December
31, 2022, the Company recorded a gain on bargain purchase of approximately 1.6 million in relation to an acquisition made during the
fourth quarter of the year, wherein the tangible net asset value of the acquired entity exceeded the purchase price. No such gain or loss
was recorded during the same period in 2021. 

Gain/(Loss) from Remeasurement of Finance Leases 

During the year ended December
31, 2022, the Company recorded a gain from remeasurement of finance leases of approximately 1.4 million, resulting from a change in estimated
remaining liabilities under the terms of its leases. No such gain or loss was recorded in the same period in 2021. 

Gain from PPP Loan Forgiveness 

In 2021, the Company recorded
a 0.1 million gain due to the forgiveness of a loan that one of its subsidiaries had obtained via the government s Paycheck Protection
Program (PPP) in 2020. No gain from loan forgiveness was recorded during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Income Tax Benefit (Expense) 

During the year ended December
31, 2022, the Company recorded an income tax benefit of 7.9 million compared to an income tax expense of 0.6 million in the year ended
December 31, 2021. The tax benefit in 2022 was due to the release of the valuation allowance recorded in previous years for net operating
losses (NOLs), as the Company determined that it was now more likely than not that it would be able to realize its NOL carryforwards in
the future. 

Net Loss Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest 

For the year ended December
31, 2022, the Company had a net loss attributable to noncontrolling interest of approximately 3.8 million compared to a net loss attributable
to noncontrolling interest of 4.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. For both periods, the loss reflected ongoing investments
in new markets that were entered into during 2021 and 2022, partially offset by income generated by those markets. 

56 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Since inception, DocGo has
completed three equity financing transactions as its principal source of liquidity. Generally, the Company has utilized equity raised
to finance operations, investments in assets, ambulance operating licenses and to fund accounts receivable. The Company has also funded
these activities through operating cash flows. In November 2021, upon the completion of the merger between Motion and Ambulnz, the Company
received proceeds of approximately 158.1 million, net of transaction expenses. Despite the fact that the Company generated positive net
income in the year ended December 31, 2022, operating cash flows are not always sufficient to meet immediate obligations arising from
current operations. For example, as the business has grown, the Company s expenditures for human capital and supplies has expanded
accordingly, and the timing of the payments for payroll and to associated vendors, compared to the timing of receipts of cash from customers,
frequently results in the need to use existing cash balances to fund these working capital needs. The Company s working capital
needs depend on many factors, including the overall growth of the Company and the various payment terms that are negotiated with customers
and vendors. Future capital requirements depend on many factors, including potential acquisitions, DocGo s level of investment in
technology and ongoing technology development, and rate of growth in existing markets and into new markets. Capital requirements might
also be affected by factors outside of the Company s control, such as interest rates, rising inflation and other monetary and fiscal
policy changes to the manner in which the Company currently operates. Additionally, as the impact of the COVID-19 on the economy and on
the Company s market environment and operations evolves, the Company routinely assesses its liquidity needs. If the Company s
growth rate is higher than is currently anticipated, resulting in greater-than-anticipated capital requirements, the Company might need
to, or choose to, raise additional capital through debt or equity financings. 

On November 1, 2022, the Company
entered into a revolving loan and security agreement with two banks, with one bank acting as the administrative agent (the Lenders ),
with an initial maximum commitment amount of 90,000,000. The revolving facility includes the ability for the Company to request an increase
to the commitment by an additional amount of up to 50,000,000, though no Lender (nor the Lenders collectively) are obligated to increase
their respective commitments. Borrowings under the revolving facility bear interest at a per annum rate equal to (i) at the Company s
option, the (x) the base rate or (y) the adjusted term SOFR rate, plus (ii) the applicable margin. The applicable margins are based on
the Company s consolidated net leverage ratio, adjusted on a quarterly basis. The initial applicable margins are 1.25 for an adjusted
term SOFR loan and 0.25 for a base rate loan and will be updated based on the Company s consolidated net leverage ratio. The revolving
facility matures on November 1, 2027. The revolving facility is secured by a first-priority lien on substantially all of the Company s
present and future personal assets and intangible assets. The revolving facility is subject to certain financial covenants, such as a
net leverage ratio and interest coverage ratio, as defined in the agreement. As of the date of the filing of this Annual Report on Form
10-K, the Company has not made any draws under the facility and there are no amounts outstanding. 

Considering the foregoing,
DocGo anticipates that its existing balances of cash and cash equivalents, future expected cash flows generated from its operations and
its available line of credit under the revolving facility (as further discussed in Note 9, Line of Credit to the Consolidated
Financial Statements) will be sufficient to satisfy operating requirements for at least the next twelve months. 

57 

Capital Resources 

Comparison as of December 31, 2022 and December
31, 2021 

As of December 31, 
 Change 
 Change 
 
 in Millions 
 2022 
 2021 

Working capital 

Current assets 
 271.1 
 256.0 
 15.1 
 6 
 
 Current liabilities 
 100.2 
 57.9 
 42.3 
 73 
 
 Total working capital 
 170.9 
 198.1 
 (27.2 
 (14 

As of December 31, 2022, available
cash totaled 157.3 million, which represented a decrease of 18.2 million compared to December 31, 2021, as changes to working capital
accounts and cash used for acquisitions in 2022 outweighed the positive cash flow generated by operations. As of December 31, 2022, working
capital amounted to 170.9 million, which represented a decrease of 27.2 million compared to December 31, 2021, which reflected the decreased
cash balance in 2022. Increased accounts receivable, which reflected the growth of the business and a shift towards higher credit quality
customers, who have longer payment terms, in 2022, were outweighed by the increase in current liabilities, which reflected the growth
of the business and amounts due to seller resulting from acquisitions. 

Cash Flows 

Year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

As of December 31, 
 Change 
 Change 
 
 in Millions 
 2022 
 2021 

Cash flow summary 

Net cash provided by/(used in) operating activities 
 28.9 
 (1.9 
 30.8 
 1,621 
 
 Net cash provided by/(used in) investing activities 
 (38.4 
 (8.6 
 (29.8 
 (347 
 
 Net cash provided by/(used in) financing activities 
 (6.2 
 155.2 
 (161.4 
 (104 
 
 Effect of exchange rate changes 
 0.7 
 - 
 0.7 
 100 
 
 Net (decrease) increase in cash 
 (15.0 
 144.7 
 (159.7 
 (110 

58 

Operating activities 

During the year ended December
31, 2022, cash provided by operating activities was 28.9 million, aided by net income of 30.73 million. Non-cash charges were 11.3
million and included 7.3 million in depreciation of property and equipment and right-of-use assets, 3.2 million from amortization of
intangible assets, 3.8 million in bad debt expense primarily related to a provision for potential uncollectible accounts receivable,
 8.1 million of stock compensation expense, and a non-cash loss of 2.9 million related to the impairment of a business unit that was
discontinued at the end of the year. These charges were partially offset by non-cash gains of 1.4 million relating to the remeasurement
of finance lease liabilities 1.1 million from the remeasurement of warrant liabilities, 1.6 million in a gain on a bargain purchase
and 9.9 million in the realization of a deferred tax asset. Changes in assets and liabilities resulted in an approximately 13.2 million
decrease to operating cash flow, as an 8.4 million increase in accounts receivable, a 4.2 million increase in prepaid expenses and a
 6.0 million decrease in accrued liabilities outweighed the effect of a 1.8 million decrease in other assets and a 3.6 million increase
in accounts payable. 

During the year ended December
31, 2021, cash used in operating activities was 1.9 million, despite net income of 19.2 million. Non-cash charges amounted to 7.7 million,
as 5.2 million in depreciation of property and equipment and right-of-use assets, 1.8 million from amortization of intangible assets,
 4.5 million in bad debt expense primarily related to a provision for potential uncollectible accounts receivable and 1.4 million of
stock compensation expense were partially offset by 5.2 million in a non-cash gain on the remeasurement of warrant liabilities. Changes
in assets and liabilities resulted in an approximately 28.8 million decrease in operating cash flow and were primarily driven by a 57.1
million increase in accounts receivable arising from the growth of the business, particularly in the fourth quarter of the year and the
inclusion of larger Mobile Health customers with extended credit terms; and a 3.5 million increase in prepaid expenses and other current
assets, partially offset by a 32.6 million increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses due primarily to the extension of credit
and timing of payments, as DocGo attempted to align the timing of payments to vendors with the timing of payments received from customers,
where possible, in an attempt to manage cash balances. 

Investing activities 

During the year ended December
31, 2022, cash used in investing activities was 38.4 million and consisted of the acquisition of property and equipment totaling approximately
 3.2 million, the acquisition of intangibles in the amount of 2.3 million and 33.0 million in the acquisition of businesses, primarily
relating to acquisitions the Company completed in the third and fourth quarters of 2022. 

During the year ended December
31, 2021, cash used in investing activities was 8.6 million, primarily consisting of the acquisition of property and equipment totaling
 4.8 million and the acquisition of businesses and intangibles of 3.1 million to support the ongoing growth of the business. In addition,
the Company made an equity investment amounting to approximately 0.7 million. 

Financing activities 

During the year ended December
31, 2022, cash used in financing activities was 6.2 million, including 3.7 million in the repurchase of Common Stock, 3.0 million in
payments under the terms of a finance lease, 2.5 million decrease in amounts due to seller and 0.9 million in repayments of notes payable,
which were partially offset by 2.1 million in non-controlling interest contributions and 2.0 million in proceeds from the exercise of
stock options. 

During the year ended December
31, 2021, cash provided by financing activities was 155.2 million, due primarily to 158.1 million in proceeds from the issuance of common
stock in connection with the Motion merger, which is net of 20.0 million in issuance costs. This was slightly offset by 2.2 million
in payments on obligations under the terms of a finance lease, and 0.5 million in expenditures to acquire the remaining 20 of the Company s
U.K. subsidiary. During 2021, the Company received 8.0 million in proceeds from a revolving bank loan, which was repaid during the fourth
quarter of 2021. 

Future minimum annual maturities
of notes payable as of December 31, 2022 are as follows: 

Amounts in millions 
 Notes Payable 
 
 2023 
 0.6 
 
 2024 
 0.5 
 
 2025 
 0.4 
 
 2026 
 0.3 
 
 Thereafter 
 0.1 
 
 Total maturities 
 1.9 
 
 Current portion of notes payable 
 (0.7 
 
 Long-term portion of notes payable 
 1.2 

59 

Future
minimum lease payments under finance leases as of the year ended December 31, 2022: 

Amounts in millions 
 Finance Leases 
 
 2023 
 3.2 
 
 2024 
 2.4 
 
 2025 
 2.2 
 
 2026 
 1.4 
 
 2027 and thereafter 
 0.4 
 
 Total future minimum lease payments 
 9.6 
 
 Less effects of discounting 
 (1.0 
 
 Present value of future minimum lease payments 
 8.6 

Future minimum lease payments
under operating leases as of the year ended December 31, 2022: 

Amounts
 in millions 
 Operating Leases 
 
 2023 
 2.8 
 
 2024 
 2.3 
 
 2025 
 2.3 
 
 2026 
 1.7 
 
 2027 and thereafter 
 1.6 
 
 Total future minimum lease payments 
 10.7 
 
 Less effects of discounting 
 (1.3 
 
 Present value of future minimum lease payments 
 9.4 

Critical Accounting
Policies 

Basis of Presentation 

The Company s Consolidated
Financial Statements are presented in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. U.S. GAAP and
pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC. The Consolidated Financial Statements include the accounts and operations of the Company
and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. All intercompany accounts and transactions are eliminated upon consolidation. Noncontrolling interests NCI on the Consolidated Balance Sheets represents the portion of consolidated joint ventures and a variable interest entity
in which the Company does not have direct equity ownership. Accounts and transactions between consolidated entities have been eliminated. 

Pursuant to the Business Combination,
the merger between Motion and Ambulnz was accounted for as a reverse recapitalization in accordance with U.S. GAAP (the Reverse
Recapitalization ). Under this method of accounting, Motion was treated as the acquired company for financial reporting
purposes. Accordingly, for accounting purposes, the Reverse Recapitalization was treated as the equivalent of Ambulnz
stock for the net assets of Motion, accompanied by a recapitalization. The net assets of Motion are stated at historical cost, with no
goodwill or other intangible assets recorded. The consolidated assets, liabilities and results of operations prior to the Reverse Recapitalization
are those of Ambulnz. The shares of common stock and corresponding capital amounts and earnings per share available for common stockholders,
prior to the Business Combination, have been retroactively restated as shares of the Company, reflecting the exchange ratio (645.1452
to 1) established in the Business Combination. Further, Ambulnz was determined to be the accounting acquirer in the transaction, as such,
the acquisition is considered to be a business combination under Accounting Standards Codification ASC ), Topic 805, Business
Combinations, ASC 805 and was accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting. 

Principles of Consolidation 

The Company holds a variable
interest in an entity which contracts with physicians and other health professionals in order to provide services to the Company. MD1
Medical Care P.C. MD1 is considered a variable interest entity VIE since it does not have sufficient equity
to finance its activities without additional subordinated financial support. An enterprise having a controlling financial interest in
a VIE must consolidate the VIE if it has both power and benefits that is, it has (1) the power to direct the activities of
a VIE that most significantly impacts the VIE s economic performance (power) and (2) the obligation to absorb losses of the
VIE that potentially could be significant to the VIE or the right to receive benefits from the VIE that potentially could be significant
to the VIE (benefits). The Company has the power and rights to control all activities of MD1 and funds and absorbs all losses of the VIE
and appropriately consolidates MD1. 

Total revenue for the VIE
amounted to 2,857,463 as of December 31, 2022. Net loss for the VIE was 373,456 as of December 31, 2022. The VIE s total assets,
all of which were current, amounted to 610,553 as of December 31, 2022. Total liabilities, all of which were current for the VIE, was
 320,424 as of December 31, 2022. The VIE s total stockholders deficit was 290,130 as of December 31, 2022. The Company
made payments of 3,018,119 and 1,746,736 to MD1 and its affiliates during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

60 

Business Combinations 

The Company accounts for its business combinations
under the provisions of ASC 805-10, Business Combinations ASC 805-10 ), which requires that the acquisition method
of accounting be used for all business combinations. Assets acquired and liabilities assumed, including NCI, are recorded at the date
of acquisition at their respective fair values. ASC 805-10 also specifies criteria that intangible assets acquired in a business combination
must meet to be recognized and reported apart from goodwill. 

Goodwill represents the excess purchase price
over the fair value of the tangible net assets and intangible assets acquired in a business combination. If the business combination provides
for contingent consideration, the Company records the contingent consideration at fair value at the acquisition date and any changes in
fair value after the acquisition date are accounted for as measurement-period adjustments. Changes in fair value of contingent consideration
resulting from events after the acquisition date, such as earn-outs, are recognized as follows: 1) if the contingent consideration is
classified as equity, the contingent consideration is not re-measured and its subsequent settlement is accounted for within equity, or
2) if the contingent consideration is classified as a liability, the changes in fair value are recognized in earnings. For transactions
that are business combinations, the Company evaluates the existence of goodwill or a gain from a bargain purchase. The Company capitalizes
acquisition-related costs and fees associated with asset acquisitions and immediately expenses acquisition-related costs and fees associated
with business combinations. 

The estimated fair value of net assets to be acquired,
including the allocation of the fair value to identifiable assets and liabilities, is determined using established valuation techniques.
Management uses assumptions on the basis of historical knowledge of the business and projected financial information of the target. These
assumptions may vary based on future events, perceptions of different market participants and other factors outside the control of management,
and such variations may be significant to estimated values. 

Goodwill and Indefinite-Lived Intangible
Assets 

Goodwill represents the excess
of the total purchase consideration over the fair value of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a business combination.
Goodwill is not amortized but is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level annually on December 31 or more frequently if events
or changes in circumstances indicate that it is more likely than not to be impaired. These events include: (i) severe adverse industry
or economic trends; (ii) significant company-specific actions, including exiting an activity in conjunction with restructuring of operations;
(iii) current, historical or projected deterioration of our financial performance; or (iv) a sustained decrease in our market capitalization,
as indicated by our publicly quoted share price, below our net book value. 

On February 3, 2023, Ambulnz
Health, LLC Health ), commenced an assignment for the benefit of creditors ABC pursuant to California law.
An ABC is a liquidation process governed by state law (California law in this instance) that is an alternative to a bankruptcy case under
federal law. Prior to commencing the ABC, Health ceased business operations and all of its employees were terminated and treated in accordance
with California law. In the ABC, all of Health s assets were transferred to an assignee (the Assignee who acts as
a fiduciary for creditors and in a capacity equivalent to that of a bankruptcy trustee. The Assignee is responsible for liquidating the
assets. Similar to a bankruptcy case, there is a claims process. Creditors of Health will receive notice of the ABC and a proof of claim
form and are required to submit a proof of claim in order to participate in distribution of net liquidation proceeds by the Assignee. 

Based on such filing for Health,
the Company impaired the goodwill assigned to that reporting unit as of December 31, 2022 by approximately 5.1 million. 

61 

Revenue Recognition 

On January 1, 2019, the Company adopted ASU 2014-09,
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers ASC 606 ), as amended. 

To determine revenue recognition for contractual
arrangements that the Company determines are within the scope of ASC 606, the Company performs the following five steps: (1) identify
each contract with a customer; (2) identify the performance obligations in the contract; (3) determine the transaction price; (4) allocate
the transaction price to performance obligations in the contract; and (5) recognize revenue when (or as) the relevant performance obligation
is satisfied. The Company only applies the five-step model to contracts when it is probable that the Company will collect the consideration
it is entitled to in exchange for the goods or services the Company provides to the customer. 

The Company generates revenues from the provision of (1) ambulance
and medical transportation services Transportation Services and (2) Mobile Health services. The customer simultaneously
receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Company as the performance obligations are fulfilled, therefore the Company satisfies
performance obligations immediately. The Company has utilized the right to invoice expedient which allows an entity to recognize
revenue in the amount of consideration to which the entity has the right to invoice when the amount that the Company has the right to
invoice corresponds directly to the value transferred to the customer. Revenues are recorded net of an estimated contractual allowances
for claims subject to contracts with responsible paying entities. The Company estimates contractual allowances at the time of billing
based on contractual terms, historical collections, or other arrangements. All transaction prices are fixed and determinable which includes
a fixed base rate, fixed mileage rate and an evaluation of historical collections by each payor. 

Income Taxes 

Income taxes are recorded in accordance with ASC
740, Income Taxes ASC 740 ), which provides for deferred taxes using an asset and liability approach. The Company
recognizes deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the financial
statements or its tax returns. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the difference between the financial statement
and tax basis of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse.
Valuation allowances are provided, if based upon the weight of available evidence, it is more likely than not that some or all of the
deferred tax assets will not be realized. The Company accounts for uncertain tax positions in accordance with the provisions of ASC 740.
When uncertain tax positions exist, the Company recognizes the tax benefit of tax positions to the extent that the benefit would more
likely than not be realized assuming examination by the taxing authority. The determination as to whether the tax benefit will more likely
than not be realized is based upon the technical merits of the tax position as well as consideration of the available facts and circumstances.
The Company recognizes any interest and penalties accrued related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. 

Please see Note 2, Summary
of Significant Accounting Policies to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Item 7A. Quantitative
and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 

We are a smaller reporting
company, as defined by Rule 12b-2 under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 and in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K, and are not required
to provide the information under this item. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data. 

62 

DocGo Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Index to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: F-2 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-3 - F-4 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-5 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-6 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-7 - F-8 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-9 - F-37 

F- 1 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm 

Shareholders and Board of Directors 

DocGo, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

New York, New York 

Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of DocGo, Inc. and Subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated
statements of operations and comprehensive income, changes in stockholders equity, and cash flows for the years then ended (collectively
referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly,
in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and
comprehensive income (loss) and its cash flows for the years then ended , in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These consolidated financial statements are the
responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial
statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated
financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we
engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor since
2021. 

March 14, 2023 

F- 2 

DocGo Inc. and Subsidiaries 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable, net of allowance of and as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Assets held for sale 
 
 -

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Intangibles, net 

Goodwill 

Restricted cash 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Finance lease right-of-use assets 

Equity method investment 

Deferred tax assets 
 
 -

Other assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities 

Line of credit 
 - 

Notes payable, current 

Due to seller 

Contingent consideration 
 
 - 
 
 Operating lease liability, current 

Liabilities held for sale 
 
 - 
 
 Finance lease liability, current 

Total current liabilities 

Notes payable, non-current 

Operating lease liability, non-current 

Finance lease liability, non-current 

Warrant liabilities 
 - 

Total liabilities 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial
Statements. 

F- 3 

DocGo Inc. and Subsidiaries 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
(CONTINUED) 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Commitments and contingencies 

STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY: 

Class A common stock par value; shares authorized as of December 31, 2022 and December 31,2021; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31,2021, respectively) 

Additional paid-in-capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss) 

Total stockholders equity attributable to DocGo Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Noncontrolling interests 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these Consolidated Financial Statements. 

F- 4 

DocGo Inc. and Subsidiaries 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE
INCOME 

Years Ended December 31 

2022 
 2021 

Revenue, net 

Expenses: 

Cost of revenues (exclusive of depreciation and amortization, which is shown separately below) 

Operating expenses: 

General and administrative 

Depreciation and amortization 

Legal and regulatory 

Technology and development 

Sales, advertising and marketing 

Total expenses 

Income from operations 

Other income (expenses): 

Interest income (expense), net 

Gain on remeasurement of warrant liabilities 

Gain (loss) on equity method investment 

Gain on remeasurement of finance leases 
 
 -

Gain on bargain purchase 
 
 -

Gain from PPP loan forgiveness 
 -

Loss on disposal of fixed assets 

Goodwill impairment 
 
 -

Other expenses 

Total other income 

Net income before income tax benefit (expense) 

Benefit (provision) for income tax 

Net income 

Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests 

Net income attributable to stockholders of DocGo Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Other comprehensive income 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

Total comprehensive income 

Net income per share attributable to DocGo Inc. and Subsidiaries 
Basic 

Weighted-average shares outstanding Basic 

Net income per share attributable to DocGo Inc. and Subsidiaries Diluted 

Weighted-average shares outstanding Diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these Consolidated Financial Statements. 

F- 5 

DocGo Inc. and Subsidiaries 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS 
EQUITY 

Accumulated 

Series
 A 
 Preferred Stock 

Class
 A 
 Common Stock 

Class
 B 
 Common Stock 

Additional 
 Paid-in- 

Accumulated 

Other 
 Comprehensive 

Noncontrolling 

Total 
 Stockholders 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Capital 

Deficit 

Income 

Interests 

Equity 

Balance
 December 31, 2020 

- 

- 

- 

() 

() 

Effect
 of reverse acquisition 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Conversion
 of share due to merger recapitalization 

() 

- 

() 

() 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Effect
 of reverse acquisition 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

() 

Share
 issued for services 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Exercise
 of cashless warrants 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Issuance of shares net redemption and issuance costs of 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

PIPE, net of issuance costs of 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Exercise
 of stock options 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Stock
 based compensation 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Fair
 value of Warrants from reverse acquisition 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

- 

- 

- 

() 
 
 U.K.
 Ltd. Shares purchase (Note 4) 
 
 - 

- 

- 

- 

() 

- 

- 

() 

() 
 
 Sponsor
 Earnout shares 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Noncontrolling
 interest contribution 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Foreign
 currency translation 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Net
 loss attributable to Noncontrolling interests 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

() 
 
 Net
 income attributable to stockholders of DocGo Inc. and Subsidiaries 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Balance
 December 31, 2021 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

() 

Equity
 cost 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

- 

- 

- 

() 
 
 Noncontrolling
 interest contribution 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Common
 stock repurchased 

- 

- 

() 

() 

- 

- 

() 

- 

- 

- 

() 
 
 Exercise
 of stock options 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Cashless
 exercise of options 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

- 

- 

- 

() 
 
 Stock
 based compensation 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Restricted
 stock units 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Share
 warrants conversion 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Net
 loss attributable to Noncontrolling interests 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

() 
 
 Foreign
 currency translation 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Net
 income attributable to stockholders of DocGo Inc. and Subsidiaries 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Balance
 December 31, 2022 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these Consolidated Financial Statements. 

F- 6 

DocGo Inc. and Subsidiaries 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation of property and equipment 

Amortization of intangible assets 

Amortization of finance lease right-of-use assets 

Loss on disposal of assets 

Deferred tax asset 
 
 -

Gain from PPP loan forgiveness 
 -

(Loss) gain on equity method investment 

Bad debt expense 

Stock based compensation 

Gain on remeasurement of finance leases 
 
 -

Gain on remeasurement of warrant liabilities 

Gain on bargain purchase 
 
 - 
 
 Goodwill impairment 
 
 -

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Cash held for sale 
 
 - 
 
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Other assets 

Accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Acquisition of property and equipment 

Acquisition of intangibles 

Acquisition of businesses 

Proceeds from disposal of property and equipment 

Acquisition of leased assets 
 -

Investments in equity method investment 
 -

Net cash used in investing activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds from revolving line of credit 
 -

Repayments of revolving line of credit 

Proceeds from FMC loan 
 
 -

Repayments of FMC loan 
 
 -

Repayments of notes payable 

Due to seller 

Noncontrolling interest contributions 

Proceeds from exercise of stock options 

Acquisition of U.K. Ltd remaining 20 shares 
 -

Common stock repurchased 
 
 -

Equity costs 
 
 -

Payments on obligations under finance lease 

Issuance costs related to merger recapitalization 
 -

Proceeds from issuance of Class A common stock, net of transaction cost 
 -

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 

Net increase in cash and restricted cash 

Cash and restricted cash at beginning of period 

Cash and restricted cash at end of period 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these Consolidated Financial Statements. 

F- 7 

DocGo Inc. and Subsidiaries 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (CONTINUED) 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Supplemental disclosure of cash and non-cash transactions: 

Cash paid for interest 

Cash paid for interest on finance lease liabilities 

Cash paid for income taxes 

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities 

Fixed assets acquired in exchange for notes payable 

Gain from PPP loan forgiveness 
 -

Due to Seller non cash 
 - 

Reconciliation of cash and restricted cash 

Cash 

Restricted Cash 

Total cash and restricted cash shown in Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

Non-cash investing activities Acquisition of business funded by acquisition payable 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these Consolidated Financial Statements. 

F- 8 

DocGo Inc. and Subsidiaries 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Common Stock ), pursuant
to the terms and conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement. 

million of net proceeds. This amount was comprised of million of cash held in Motion s trust account
from its initial public offering, net of DocGo s transaction costs and underwriters fees of million, and million
of cash in connection with the concurrent PIPE private placement of shares of common stock to certain investors at a price of per
share (the PIPE Financing), net of million in transaction costs. These transaction costs consisted of banking, legal, and
other professional fees which were recorded as a reduction to additional paid-in capital. 

F- 9 

DocGo Inc. and Subsidiaries 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

as of December 31, 2022. Net loss for the VIE was as of December 31, 2022. The VIE s total assets, all of which were current,
amounted to on December 31, 2022. Total liabilities, all of which were current for the VIE, was on December 31, 2022.
The VIE s total stockholders deficit was on December 31, 2022. The Company made payments of and
 to MD1 and its affiliates during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

. For the same period of 2021, it was not material to the financial statements. 

F- 10 

DocGo Inc. and Subsidiaries 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

of sales and of net accounts receivable, for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

of revenues and of net accounts receivable, and another customer that accounted for of revenues and of net
accounts receivable for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

of total cost for the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company expects to maintain this relationship with the vendor
and believe the services provided from this vendor are available from alternatives sources. 

of
total cost for the years ended December 31, 2021. 

and with foreign
financial institutions on December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

F- 11 

DocGo Inc. and Subsidiaries 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

Contingent consideration in connection with the Ryan Brothers Atkinson, LLC business acquisition, to be paid based
on the completion of certain performance obligations over a 24-month period. In relation to the acquisition of Exceptional, the Company
also agreed to pay up to upon meeting certain performance conditions within two years of the Closing Date. The estimated Contingent
consideration amount for Exceptional was as of December 31, 2022. 

estimated Contingent consideration in relation to the acquisition to be paid upon LMS meeting certain performance
conditions in 2023. For Government Medical Services, an amount of is recorded as Contingent consideration to be paid upon GMS
meeting certain performance conditions within a year of the Closing Date (see Note 4). 

F- 12 

DocGo Inc. and Subsidiaries 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

years 
 
 Office equipment and furniture 
 
 years 
 
 Vehicles 
 
 - years 
 
 Medical equipment 
 
 years 
 
 Leasehold improvements 

F- 13 

DocGo Inc. and Subsidiaries 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

for its Goodwill impairment for the year ended December 31, 2022
in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

F- 14 

DocGo Inc. and Subsidiaries 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

of the voting interest), management, and members of immediate families of principal owners
or management, other parties with which the company may deal with if one party controls or can significantly influence management or operating
policies of the other to an extent that one of the transacting parties might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate interests. 

F- 15 

DocGo Inc. and Subsidiaries 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

United Kingdom 

Total revenue 

Major Segments/Service Lines 

Transportation Services 

Mobile Health 

Total revenue 

Weighted-average shares - basic 

Effect of dilutive options 

Weighted-average shares - dilutive 

Net income share - basic 

Net income share - diluted 

Anti-dilutive employee share-based awards excluded 
 
 -

F- 16 

DocGo Inc. and Subsidiaries 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

interest in RND
Health Services Inc. RND for . The Company uses the equity method to account for investments in which the Company
has the ability to exercise significant influence over the operating and financial policies of the investee, but does not exercise control.
The Company s carrying value in the equity method investee is reflected in the caption Equity method investment on
the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Changes in value of RND are recorded in Gain (loss) on equity method investment on the
Consolidated Statements of Operations. The Company s judgment regarding its level of influence over the equity method investee includes
considering key factors, such as ownership interest, representation on the board of directors, and participation in policy-making decisions. 

F- 17 

DocGo Inc. and Subsidiaries 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

F- 18 

DocGo Inc. and Subsidiaries 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

Buildings 

Land 

Transportation equipment 

Medical equipment 

Leasehold improvements 

Less: Accumulated depreciation 

Property and equipment, net 

and 
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

and , respectively. 

of the outstanding shares of common stock of Government Medical Services, LLC GMS ), a
provider of medical services. The aggregate purchase price consisted of in cash consideration. Holdings also agreed to pay
GMS an additional upon GMS meeting certain performance conditions within a year of the Closing Date. Acquisition costs are
included in general and administrative expenses and totaled for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022. 

F- 19 

DocGo Inc. and Subsidiaries 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

in cash. The net assets acquired through
the CAS acquisition was mainly from the vehicles with high fair market value, which directly lead to a Gain on bargain purchase
of . CAS is engaged in providing emergency and non-emergency transport services, including high dependency,
urgent care, mental health and blue light transport services and diagnostics testing. We believe this acquisition will allow us to increase
our presence in that market, while giving us improved access to municipal contracts. Acquisition costs are included in general and administrative
expenses totaling for the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2022, respectively. 

F- 20 

DocGo Inc. and Subsidiaries 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

of the outstanding shares of
common stock of Location Medical Services, LLC LMS ). The aggregate purchase price consisted of in cash consideration.
The Company also agreed to pay LMS an additional deferred consideration and an estimated Contingent consideration
upon LMS meeting certain performance conditions in 2023. Acquisition costs are included in general and administrative expenses and totaled
 for the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2022, respectively. 

Deferred consideration 

- 

- 

- 

Amounts held under an escrow account 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Contingent consideration 

- 

Total consideration 

Recognized amounts of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed 

Cash 

Accounts receivable 

Other current assets 

- 

Property, plant and equipment 

Intangible assets 

- 

Total identifiable assets acquired 

Accounts payable 

- 

Due to seller 

- 

- 

- 

Other current liabilities 

- 

Total liabilities assumed 

Goodwill/(Gain on bargain purchase) 

() 

Total purchase price 

Net Income 

F- 21 

DocGo Inc. and Subsidiaries 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

-

Accounts receivable, net 

-

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

-

Assets held for sale 
 -

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

-

Intangibles, net 

-

Goodwill 

-

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

-

Intercompany receivables 
 
 - 

Other assets 

- 
 
 Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

-

Accrued liabilities 

- 
 
 Intercompany payables 
 
 - 

Operating lease liability, current 

-

Liabilities held for sale 
 -

Total current liabilities 
 
 -

Total liabilities 
 
 -

STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY: 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders equity attributable to DocGo Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Noncontrolling interests 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

F- 22 

DocGo Inc. and Subsidiaries 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

in the year ended December 31, 2022 in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The charge
was recorded as part of Other Income in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations and has no impact on its cash flow,
liquidity, or compliance with debt covenants. 

. 

, the changes in the carrying value of Goodwill for the period ended December 31, 2022 are as noted in the tables below: 

Goodwill acquired during the period 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

Goodwill acquired during the period 

Impairment during the year 

Reassignment of Goodwill to Assets held for sale 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

years 

Computer software 
 years 

Operating licenses 

-

Internally developed software 
 - years 

Material contracts 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Customer relationship 
 - years 
 - 

Trademark 
 years 
 - 

14,731,842 
 15,449,021 
 (7,211,617 
 22,969,246 

years 

Computer software 
 years 

Operating licenses 

- 
 -

Internally developed software 
 - years 

F- 23 

DocGo Inc. and Subsidiaries 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

Accrued lab fees 

Accrued payroll 

Medicare advance 
 -

FICA/Medicare liability 

Accrued general expenses 

Accrued subcontractors 

Accrued fuel and maintenance 

Accrued workers compensation and insurance liabilities 

Other current liabilities 

Accrued legal fees 

Credit card payable 

Total accrued liabilities 

. The agreement is
subject to certain financial covenants such as an unused fee, whereas the Company shall pay to the subsidiary of one of its members an
unused fee in the amount of of the average daily amount by which the Revolving Commitment Amount exceeds the principal
balance of the aggregate outstanding advances. All accrued and unpaid interest and unused fee shall be due and payable on the first anniversary
of the date of the agreement Revolving Credit Maturity Date ). This loan is secured by all assets of entities owned 
by DocGo Inc. As of December 31, 2021, the outstanding balance of the line of credit was zero. On January 26, 2022, the company drew 
to fund operations and meet short-term obligations. In December 2022, the Company did not renew the agreement, and repaid the outstanding
balance. 

. The revolving facility includes the ability for the Company to request an increase to
the commitment by an additional up to , though no Lender (nor the Lenders collectively) are obligated to increase their respective
commitments. Borrowings under the revolving facility bear interest at a per annum rate equal to, (i) at the Company s option, the
(x) the base rate or (y) the adjusted term SOFR rate, plus (ii) the applicable margin. The applicable margins are based on the Company s
consolidated net leverage ratio, adjusted on a quarterly basis. The Initial applicable margins are for an adjusted term SOFR loan
and for a base rate loan and will be updated based on the consolidated net leverage ratio reported in the compliance certificate.
The revolving facility matures on the five-year anniversary of the closing date, November 1, 2027. The revolving facility is secured by
a first-priority lien on substantially all of the Company s present and future personal assets and intangible assets. The revolving
facility is subject to certain financial covenants such as a net leverage ratio and interest coverage ratio, as defined in the agreement.
The Company has not made any draws under the facility and there is no amount outstanding. As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding balance
of the line of credit is . 

F- 24 

DocGo Inc. and Subsidiaries 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

, inclusive of interest ranging from through . The notes mature at various times through
2027 and are secured by transportation equipment. 

and interest and maturing between January 2022 and October 2027 

Loan received pursuant to the PPP Term Note 
 - 
 -

Total notes payable 

Less: current portion of notes payable 

Total non-current portion of notes payable 

and for the periods ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

Thereafter 

Total maturities 

Current portion of notes payable 

Non-current portion of notes payable 

Public Warrants outstanding at a fair value of million. Because the transfer of Private Warrants to anyone outside of a small group
of individuals constituting the sponsors of DocGo would result in the Private Warrants having substantially the same terms as the Public
Warrants, management determined that the fair value of each Private Warrant was the same as that of a Public Warrant, with an insignificant
adjustment for marketability restrictions. Accordingly, the Private Warrants were classified as Level 1 financial instruments. As of December
31, 2021, Private Warrants remained outstanding at a fair value of million. Due to fair value changes throughout the year
ended December 31, 2021, we recorded a gain on remeasurement of warrant liabilities of million. 

million from the remeasurement of warrant liabilities. The warrants are marked-to-market in
each reporting period, and this loss reflected the increase in DocGo s stock price relative to the beginning of the period. On
August 15, 2022, the Company announced the redemption of all of its outstanding warrants under the Warrant Agreement, dated as of
October 14, 2020, by and between Motion Acquisition Corp. Motion and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company,
as warrant agent, as part of the units sold in Motion s initial public offering, on the redemption date of September 16, 2022
(the Redemption Date ). Warrants surrendered for exercise on a cashless basis resulted in the issuance of 
shares. A total of warrants were not surrendered on the Redemption Date and were redeemed for per warrant. 

F- 25 

DocGo Inc. and Subsidiaries 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

operating
segments, Transportation Services and Mobile Health services. In accordance with ASC 280, Segment Reporting , operating segments
are components of an enterprise for which separate financial information is evaluated regularly by the chief operating decision maker,
who is the chief executive officer, in deciding how to allocate resources and assessing performance. The Company s business operates
in two operating segments because the Company s entities have two main revenue streams, and the Company s chief operating
decision maker evaluates the Company s financial information and resources and assesses the performance of these resources by revenue
stream. 

Income (loss) from operations 

Total assets 

Depreciation and amortization expense 

Stock compensation 

Long-lived assets 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Revenues 

Income (loss) from operations 

Total assets 

Depreciation and amortization expense 

Stock compensation 

Long-lived assets 

F- 26 

DocGo Inc. and Subsidiaries 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

Common Stock ), pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement. The Company s
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity reflect the 2020 shares as if the merger occurred in 2020. 

shares were authorized. Each share of Series A preferred stock was convertible into
Class A common stock at a conversion price of per share, subject to adjustment as defined in the articles of incorporation. 

of the original issue price as defined in the agreement when declared by the board of directors. 

per share, subject to adjustment as defined in the articles of incorporation,
plus all accrued and unpaid dividends thereon. After the payment of the Series A preferred stockholders, the common stockholders would
have been paid out on a pro-rate basis. 

shares per membership unit. The total authorized number of shares of common stock converted was shares, comprised
of shares of Class A common stock and shares of Class B common stock. 

shares,
comprised of shares of Class A common stock and shares of Class B common stock. Dividends may be paid
to the common stockholders out of funds legally available, when declared by the Board. 

million of the Company s common stock under a share repurchase program (the Program ). During the
second and fourth quarter of 2022, the Company repurchased shares of its common stock for . These shares were subsequently
cancelled. There were no shares repurchased during the third quarter of 2022. The Program does not oblige the Company to acquire any specific
number of shares and will expire on November 24, 2023. Under the Program, shares may be repurchased using a variety of methods, including
privately negotiated and/or open market transactions, including under plans complying with Rule 10b5-1 under the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), as part of accelerated share repurchases, block trades and other methods. The timing,
manner, price and amount of any common stock repurchases under the Program are determined by the Company in its discretion and depend
on a variety of factors, including legal requirements, price and economic and market conditions. 

F- 27 

DocGo Inc. and Subsidiaries 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

shares of Class A common stock for issuance under the Plan. The Company s stock options generally vest on various terms based on
continuous services up to five years. The stock options are subject to time vesting requirements through 2026 and are nontransferable.
Stock options granted have a maximum contractual term of years. On December 31, 2022, approximately million employee options had
vested. 

- 
 - 
 
 Expected term (in years) 
 
 - 
 
 Volatility 
 
- 
 - 
 
 Dividend yield 

Granted/ Vested during the year 

-

Exercised during the year 

-

Cancelled during the year 

-

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

Granted/ Vested during the year 

-
 
 -

Exercised during the year 

-
 
 -

Cancelled during the year 

-
 
 -

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

Options vested and exercisable as of December 31, 2022 

and , respectively. On December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the total unrecognized compensation related to unvested stock option
awards granted was and , respectively, which the Company expects to recognize over a weighted-average period of
approximately years. 

F- 28 

DocGo Inc. and Subsidiaries 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

to . 

Granted 

Vested during the year 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

Vested and unissued as of December 31, 2022 

Non-vested as of December 31, 2022 

. 

in aggregate RSUs in 2023. The number of shares to be issued in 2023 will be based on the stock prices at stated dates
in these agreements. 

. 

in unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested RSUs, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately years. 

on January 1, 2019, for
all leases that commenced prior to that date, for office spaces and transportation equipment. 

F- 29 

DocGo Inc. and Subsidiaries 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

Short-term lease expense 

Total lease cost 

Total lease assets 

Liabilities 

Current liabilities: 

Lease liability current portion 

Noncurrent liabilities: 

Lease liability, net of current portion 

Total lease liability 

Weighted average discount rate operating leases 

F- 30 

DocGo Inc. and Subsidiaries 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 and thereafter 

Total future minimum lease payments 

Less effects of discounting 

Present value of future minimum lease payments 

and for
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

of fixed cash payments related to operating leases and related to finance leases. 

and for the periods ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively
(accumulated depreciation of and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively). 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

million recorded as gains from lease accounting on the Consolidated Statements of Operations
and Comprehensive Income. 

Short-term lease payment 
 -
 
 -

Total lease payments 

F- 31 

DocGo Inc. and Subsidiaries 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

Total lease assets 

Noncurrent liabilities: 

Lease liability, net of current portion 

Total lease liability 

Weighted average discount rate finance leases 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 and thereafter 

Total future minimum lease payments 

Less effects of discounting 

Present value of future minimum lease payments 

and 
of Other income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, as follows: 

Gain on remeasurement of warrant liabilities 

Gain (loss) on initial equity method investment 

Gain on remeasurement of finance leases 
 
 -

Gain on bargain purchase 
 
 -

Gain from PPP loan forgiveness 
 -

Loss on disposal of fixed assets 

Goodwill impairment 
 
 -

Other expenses 

Total other income 

F- 32 

DocGo Inc. and Subsidiaries 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 

and
 due to related parties as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 

Permanent items 

State taxes, net of federal tax benefit 

Effects of Rates Different from Statutory 

Rate Change 

Other 

Change in valuation allowance 

Income tax (benefit)/provision 

F- 33 

DocGo Inc. and Subsidiaries 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

State and local 

Foreign 
 -
 
 -

Deferred: 

Federal 
 
 -

State and local 
 
 -

Foreign 
 
 -

-

Total income tax (benefit) expense 

Allowance for doubtful accounts 

Amortization 

Prepaid expenses 

Property and equipment 

Research and development expense 

Accrued bonus 

Stock compensation 

Other 

Net deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

Deferred tax assets, net of allowance 
 
 -

and , respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
the Company had approximately and of foreign net operating loss carryforwards, respectively. As of December 31, 2022
and 2021, the Company had state net operating loss carryforward of approximately and , respectively. The federal
net operating loss carryforwards generated after December 31, 2017 of carry forward infinitely. State and foreign net operating
loss carryforwards generated in the tax years from 2017 to 2020 will begin to expire, if not utilized, by 2039. Utilization of the net
operating loss carryforwards may be subject to an annual limitation according to Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 as amended,
and similar provisions. 

F- 34 

DocGo Inc. and Subsidiaries 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

for
the year ended December 31, 2022. 

, which represented an agreed-upon settlement of various class-based claims, both actual
and potential, under California state law, as described in detail below. 

payment by the defendant parties, inclusive of administrative costs
and fees. On September 9, 2022, the Court preliminarily approved the proposed settlement. A final approval hearing is currently scheduled
for April 28, 2023. 

F- 35 

DocGo Inc. and Subsidiaries 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

were received by the Company in April 2020. Effective October 8, 2020, CMS is no longer accepting new applications for accelerated
payments. There were no Medicare accelerated payments reflected within accrued liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December
31, 2022, compared to as of December 31, 2021. 

F- 36 

DocGo Inc. and Subsidiaries 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

F- 37 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants
on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Management s
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our
management, with the participation of our Principal Executive Officer and our Principal Financial Officer, evaluated, as of the end of
the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based on this evaluation
of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022, our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer concluded
that our disclosure controls and procedures as of such date are effective at the reasonable assurance level. The term disclosure
controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the
 Exchange Act ), means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to
be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act are recorded, processed, summarized and reported
within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation,
controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports we file or submit under the
Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer,
as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter
how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and our management necessarily applies
its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Our internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures designed to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external reporting
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 

As
of December 31, 2022, our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting using the criteria set
forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control-Integrated Framework. Based on
this assessment, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 

Attestation Report
of Registered Public Accounting Firm 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm because, as an emerging growth
company, we are not required to provide an attestation report from our independent registered public accounting firm on our internal control
over financial reporting. 

Changes in Internal
Control over Financial Reporting 

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act)
occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our
internal control over financial reporting. 

63 

Item 9B. Other Information. 

None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions
that Prevent Inspections. 

Not applicable. 

64 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and
Corporate Governance. 

Except as indicated below,
the information required under this Item 10 of Form 10-K is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement with respect
to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC not later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by
this Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Proxy Statement ). 

We have adopted a Code of
Business Conduct and Ethics (the Code of Ethics that applies to all of our directors, officers and employees, including
our principal executive, principal financial and principal accounting officers, or persons performing similar functions. Our Code of Ethics
is posted on our website located at www.DocGo.com . We intend to disclose future amendments to certain provisions of the Code of
Ethics, and waivers of the Code of Ethics granted to executive officers and directors, on the website within four business days following
the date of the amendment or waiver, as and to the extent required under the SEC and Nasdaq rules. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 

The information required by
this Item 11 of Form 10-K will be included in our Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The information required by
this Item 12 of Form 10-K will be included in our Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related
Transactions and Director Independence. 

The information required by
this Item 13 of Form 10-K will be included in our Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 

The information required by
this Item 14 of Form 10-K will be included in our Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

65 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 

The following documents are filed as part of this
Annual Report on Form 10-K: 

1. Financial Statements 

The Consolidated Financial
Statements filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K are listed in the accompanying index to financial statements on page F-1. 

2. Financial Statement
Schedules 

All
financial statement schedules are omitted because they are not applicable, or the required information is shown in the Financial Statements
or notes thereto. 

66 

3. Exhibit Index 

The
following exhibits are filed (or incorporated by reference herein) as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 

Exhibit 
Number 
 
 Description 
 
 2.1 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of March 8, 2021, by and among
Motion Acquisition Corp., Motion Merger Sub Corp., and Ambulnz, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Motion s Current
Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on March 9, 2021). 
 
 3.1 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of DocGo Inc., dated November 5, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of DocGo s Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on November 12, 2021). 
 
 3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of DocGo Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of DocGo s Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on November 12, 2021). 
 
 4.1 
 
 Specimen Common Stock Certificate of DocGo Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 of DocGo s Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on November 12, 2021). 
 
 4.2 
 
 Description of Securities 
 
 10.1# 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement, between Motion Acquisition Corp. and its officers and directors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of Motion s Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on October 16, 2020). 
 
 10.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of November 5, 2021, by and among Motion Acquisition Corp., Motion Acquisition LLC, and Stan Vashovsky (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of DocGo s Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on November 12, 2021). 
 
 10.3# 
 
 DocGo Inc. 2021 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Annex D to Motion s Proxy Statement/Consent Solicitation/Prospectus (File No. 333-257681), filed with the SEC on October 14, 2021). 
 
 10.4# 
 
 New Executive Agreement, effective November 5, 2021, by and between Motion Acquisition Corp. and Stan Vashovsky (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 of DocGo s Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on November 12, 2021). 
 
 10.5# 
 
 New Executive Agreement, effective November 5, 2021, by and between Motion Acquisition Corp. and Andre Oberholzer (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 of DocGo s Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on November 12, 2021). 
 
 10.6# 
 
 New Executive Agreement, effective November 5, 2021, by and between Motion Acquisition Corp. and Anthony Capone (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 of DocGo s Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on November 12, 2021). 
 
 10.7# 
 
 New Executive Agreement, effective November 5, 2021, by and between Motion Acquisition Corp. and Norm Rosenberg (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 of DocGo s Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on November 12, 2021). 
 
 10.8# 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement of DocGo Inc. (incorporated by reference
to Exhibit 10.10 of DocGo s Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on November 12, 2021). 
 
 10.9 
 
 Stock Escrow Agreement, dated as of November 5, 2021, by and among
Motion Acquisition Corp., Motion Acquisition LLC, and Continental Stock Transfer Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
10.11 of DocGo s Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on November 12, 2021). 
 
 10.10 # 
 
 Form of Grant Notice for Restricted Stock Unit Award and Standard Terms
and Conditions for Restricted Stock Units under the DocGo Inc. 2021 Stock Incentive Plan (Director Form). 
 
 10.11 # 
 
 Form of Grant Notice for Nonqualified Stock Options and Standard Terms
and Conditions for Nonqualified Stock Options under the DocGo Inc. 2021 Stock Incentive Plan. 
 
 10.12 # 
 
 Form of Grant Notice for Incentive Stock Options and Standard Terms
and Conditions for Incentive Stock Options under the DocGo Inc. 2021 Stock Incentive Plan. 
 
 10.13# 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and Agreement under the
DocGo Inc. 2021 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of DocGo s Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on May
10, 2022). 
 
 10.14 
 
 Credit Agreement, dated November 1, 2022, among DocGo Inc., the lender
parties thereto, and Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of DocGo s Form 8-K filed
with the SEC on November 2, 2022). 
 
 21 
 
 Subsidiaries of DocGo Inc. 

67 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed herewith. 

Furnished herewith. 

# 
 Indicates management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 

None. 

68 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized . 

DOCGO, INC. 

Date: March 14, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Anthony Capone 

Anthony Capone 

Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant
in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Anthony Capone 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 March 14, 2023 
 
 Anthony Capone 
 
 (principal executive officer) 

/s/ Norman Rosenberg 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 March 14, 2023 
 
 Norman Rosenberg 
 
 (principal financial and accounting officer) 

/s/ Stanley Vashovsky 
 
 Chairman 
 
 March 14, 2023 
 
 Stanley Vashovsky 

/s/ Vina Leite 
 
 Director 
 
 March 14, 2023 
 
 Vina Leite 

/s/ Ely D. Tendler 
 
 Director; General Counsel and Secretary 
 
 March 14, 2023 
 
 Ely D. Tendler 

/s/ Ira Smedra 
 
 Director 
 
 March 14, 2023 
 
 Ira Smedra 

/s/ Steven Katz 
 
 Director 
 
 March 14, 2023 
 
 Steven Katz 

/s/ James M. Travers 
 
 Director 
 
 March 14, 2023 
 
 James M. Travers 

/s/ Michael Burdiek 
 
 Director 
 
 March 14, 2023 
 
 Michael Burdiek 

69 

<EX-4.2>
 2
 f10k2022ex4-2_docgoinc.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES

Exhibit 4.2 

DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES 

The following sets forth a summary of the material
terms of DocGo Inc. s DocGo securities, including certain provisions of the Delaware General Corporation
Law (as the same exists or may hereafter be amended (the DGCL )), the Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
of DocGo (the Charter and the Amended and Restated Bylaws of DocGo (the Bylaws ). This summary
is not intended to be a complete summary of the rights and preferences of such securities and is qualified entirely by reference to the
Charter and Bylaws. You should refer to DocGo s Charter and Bylaws, which are incorporated by reference to DocGo s Annual
Report on Form 10-K, for a complete description of the rights and preferences of DocGo s securities. The summary below is also qualified
by reference to the provisions of the DGCL, as applicable. 

Capital Stock 

The Charter authorizes the issuance of 550,000,000
shares of capital stock, consisting of (i) 500,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.0001 per share (the Common Stock ),
and (ii) 50,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.0001 per share. 

Common Stock 

The Charter provides that DocGo has one class of
common stock, Common Stock, par value 0.0001 per share. 

Preferred Stock 

The Charter provides that shares of preferred stock
may be issued from time to time in one or more series. The Board of Directors of DocGo (the Board is authorized
to fix the voting rights, if any, designations, powers, preferences and relative participating, optional, special and other rights, if
any, and any qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, applicable to the shares of each series of preferred stock. The Board
is able, without stockholder approval, to issue preferred stock with voting and other rights that could adversely affect the voting power
and other rights of the holders of Common Stock and could have anti-takeover effects. The ability of the Board to issue preferred stock
without stockholder approval could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change of control of DocGo or the removal of
existing management. DocGo has no preferred stock outstanding as of the date hereof. Although DocGo does not currently intend to issue
any shares of preferred stock, DocGo cannot assure you that it will not do so in the future. 

Dividends 

Under the Charter, holders of Common Stock are
entitled to receive ratable dividends, if any, as may be declared from time-to-time by DocGo s Board out of legally available assets
or funds. DocGo has no current plans to pay cash dividends on Common Stock for the foreseeable future. 

Voting Power 

Except as otherwise required by law or as otherwise
provided in any certificate of designation for any series of preferred stock, under the Charter, the holders of Common Stock will possess
all of the voting power for the election of DocGo s directors and all other matters requiring stockholder action and are entitled
to one vote per share on matters to be voted on by stockholders. Subject to certain limited exceptions, the holders of Common Stock shall
at all times vote together, as one class, on all matters submitted to a vote of the holders of Common Stock under the Charter. 

Preemptive or Other Rights 

The Charter does not provide for any preemptive
or other similar rights. 

Conflicts of Interest; Corporate Opportunity 

Delaware law permits corporations to adopt provisions
renouncing any interest or expectancy in certain opportunities that are presented to the corporation or its officers, directors, or stockholders.
The Charter provides that, to the maximum extent allowed by law, the doctrine of corporate opportunity, or any other analogous doctrine,
shall not apply with respect to DocGo or any of its officers or directors, or any of their respective affiliates, in circumstances where
the application of any such doctrine would conflict with any fiduciary duties or contractual obligations they may have as of the date
of the Charter or in the future, and further provides that DocGo will renounce any expectancy that any of the directors or officers of
DocGo will offer any such corporate opportunity of which he or she may become aware to DocGo, except the doctrine of corporate opportunity
shall apply with respect to any of the directors or officers of DocGo. 

Limitations on Liability and Indemnification of Officers and
Directors 

The Charter provides that, to the fullest extent
permitted by the DGCL, as the same exists or may hereafter be amended, no director of DocGo shall be personally liable to DocGo or its
stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director. The Bylaws also provide that no director or officer of DocGo
shall be personally liable to DocGo or to any stockholder of DocGo for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director or
officer, but does not limit liability: (i) for any breach of the director s or the officer s duty of loyalty to DocGo or its
stockholders, (ii) for acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law, (iii)
under Section 174 of the DGCL, or (iv) for any transaction from which the director or officer derived an improper personal benefit. DocGo
has entered into indemnification agreements with its directors and officers. The Charter requires DocGo to maintain directors and
officers liability insurance coverage of at least 5,000,000 per occurrence, to the fullest extent permitted by law covering, among
other things, violations of federal or state securities laws. 

These provisions may discourage current or future
stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against DocGo s directors for a breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have
the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful,
might otherwise benefit DocGo or its stockholders. Furthermore, a stockholder s investment may be adversely affected to the extent
DocGo pays the costs of settlement and damage awards against officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions. 

DocGo believes that these provisions, the directors 
and officers liability insurance and the indemnity agreements are necessary to attract and retain talented and experienced officers
and directors. 

Certain Anti-Takeover Provisions of the DGCL, DocGo s Charter
and the Bylaws 

The Charter, Bylaws and DGCL contain provisions
as summarized in the following paragraphs that are intended to enhance the likelihood of continuity and stability in the composition of
DocGo s Board. These provisions are intended to avoid costly takeover battles, reduce DocGo s vulnerability to a hostile change
of control, and enhance the ability of DocGo s Board to maximize stockholder value in connection with any unsolicited offer to acquire
DocGo. However, these provisions may have an anti-takeover effect and may delay, deter, or prevent a merger or acquisition of DocGo by
means of a tender offer, a proxy contest or other takeover attempt that stockholders might consider to be in their best interests, including
those attempts that might result in a premium over the prevailing market price for the shares of Common Stock held by stockholders. 

2 

Forum Selection Clause 

The Charter provides that unless DocGo selects
or consents, in writing, to the selection of an alternative forum: (a) the sole and exclusive forum for any complaint asserting any internal
corporate claims (as defined below), to the fullest extent permitted by law, and subject to applicable jurisdictional requirements, shall
be the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or, if the Court of Chancery does not have, or declines to accept, jurisdiction, another
state court or a federal court located within the State of Delaware); and (b) the sole and exclusive forum for any complaint asserting
a cause of action arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, to the fullest extent permitted by law, shall be the federal district
courts of the United States; however, this provision will not apply to suits brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction
over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. As a result,
the exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or any other
claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. For purposes of this provision, internal corporate claims 
means claims, including claims in the right of DocGo that are based upon a violation of a duty by a current or former director, officer,
employee or stockholder in such capacity, or as to which the DGCL confers jurisdiction upon the Court of Chancery. 

Advance Notice of Director Nominations and
New Business 

The Bylaws state that in order for a stockholder
to propose nominations of candidates to be elected as directors or any other proper business to be considered by stockholders at an annual
meeting of stockholders, such stockholder must, among other things, provide notice thereof in writing to the Secretary at DocGo s
principal executive offices not later than the close of business on the 90th day nor earlier than the close of business on the 120th day
prior to the first anniversary of the preceding year s annual meeting (provided however that if the date of the annual meeting is
more than 30 days before or more than 60 days after such anniversary date, or if no annual meeting was held the preceding year, notice
must be delivered no earlier than the close of business on the 120th day prior to such annual meeting and not later than the close of
business on the later of the 90th day prior to such annual meeting or the 10th day following the date on which public announcement of
such meeting is first made by DocGo). Such notice must contain, among other things, certain information about the stockholder giving the
notice (and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the nomination or proposal is made as well as certain control persons) and certain
information about any nominee or other proposed business. 

No Cumulative Voting 

The DGCL provides that a stockholder s right
to vote cumulatively in the election of directors does not exist unless the certificate of incorporation specifically provides otherwise.
DocGo s Charter does not provide for cumulative voting. 

Classified Board of Directors 

The Charter provides that the Board shall be divided
into three classes of directors, designated Class I, Class II and Class III, and with the directors serving three-year terms. As a result,
approximately one-third of DocGo s Board is elected each year. The classification of directors has the effect of making it more
difficult for stockholders to change the composition of DocGo s Board. DocGo s Charter and Bylaws provide that the number
of directors on the Board shall be fixed solely by resolution adopted from time to time by the Board by a majority of the directors then
in office. 

Removal of Directors; Vacancies 

DocGo s Charter provides that directors may
be removed only for cause and only upon the affirmative vote of holders of 66 2/3 of the voting power of the stock outstanding and entitled
to vote thereon. In addition, DocGo s Charter provides that any newly-created directorships and any vacancies on the Board shall
be filled only by the affirmative vote of the majority of the remaining directors then in office. Therefore, stockholders are not able
to elect new directors to fill any resulting vacancies that may be created as a result of any such removal of directors or as a result
of a vacancy resulting from a director s death, resignation, retirement or disqualification. 

3 

Supermajority Vote Requirement to Amend the
Bylaws and Certificate of Incorporation 

The affirmative vote of at least 66 2/3 of the
voting power of the stock outstanding and entitled to vote thereon, voting as a single class, is required for stockholders to adopt, amend
or repeal (i) the Bylaws and (ii) Section 5.2 of Article V, Article VI, Article VIII, Article IX, Article X or Article XI of the Charter.
The Board is expressly authorized to adopt, amend or repeal the Bylaws. 

Stockholder Action by Written Consent 

The DGCL permits any action required to be taken
at any annual or special meeting of the stockholders to be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote if a consent
in writing, setting forth the action so taken, is signed by the holders of outstanding stock having not less than the minimum number of
votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares of stock entitled to vote thereon were
present and voted, unless the certificate of incorporation provides otherwise. DocGo s Charter precludes stockholder action by written
consent in lieu of a meeting of stockholders. 

Special Meetings 

The Charter provides that a special meeting of
the stockholders of DocGo may be called at any time only by the Board. Only such business shall be conducted at a special meeting of stockholders
as shall have been brought before the meeting by or at the direction of the Board. 

Delaware Anti-Takeover Statute 

We are subject to Section 203 of the DGCL, which
prohibits persons deemed to be interested stockholders from engaging in a business combination with a publicly-held
Delaware corporation for three years following the date these persons became interested stockholders unless the business combination is,
or the transaction in which the person became an interested stockholder was, approved in a prescribed manner or another prescribed exception
applies. Generally, an interested stockholder is a person who, together with affiliates and associates, owns, or within
three years prior to the determination of interested stockholder status did own, 15 or more of a corporation s voting stock. Generally,
a business combination includes a merger, asset or stock sale, or other transaction resulting in a financial benefit to
the interested stockholder. The existence of this provision may have an anti-takeover effect with respect to transactions not approved
in advance by the Board. 

Listing of Securities 

DocGo s Common Stock is listed on the Nasdaq
Stock Market under the symbol DCGO . 

4 

</EX-4.2>

<EX-10.10>
 3
 f10k2022ex10-10_docgoinc.htm
 FORM OF GRANT NOTICE FOR RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AND STANDARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS UNDER THE DOCGO INC. 2021 STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN (DIRECTOR FORM)

Exhibit 10.10 

DIRECTOR FORM 

DOCGO INC. 

 2021 STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN 

GRANT NOTICE FOR 

 RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD 

FOR GOOD AND VALUABLE CONSIDERATION, DocGo Inc.
(the Company hereby grants to the Participant named below the number of Restricted Stock Units (the
 RSUs specified below (the Award under the DocGo Inc. 2021 Stock Incentive Plan
(the Plan ). Each RSU represents the right to receive one share of Common Stock, upon the terms and subject
to the conditions set forth in this Grant Notice, the Plan and the Standard Terms and Conditions (the Standard Terms and
Conditions promulgated under such Plan and attached hereto as Exhibit A . This Award is granted pursuant to the
Plan and is subject to and qualified in its entirety by the Standard Terms and Conditions. Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein
shall have the meanings set forth in the Plan. 

Name of Participant: 

Grant Date: 

Number of RSUs: 

Vesting Schedule: 
 
 Subject to the Plan and the Standard Terms
 and Conditions, the RSUs shall vest on , so long as Participant does not have a Termination of Employment from the Grant Date through
 such vesting date. 

By accepting this Grant Notice, Participant acknowledges
that Participant has received and read, and agrees that this Award shall be subject to, the terms of this Grant Notice, the Plan, and
the Standard Terms and Conditions. 

DOCGO INC. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

PARTICIPANT 

[Name] 

Signature
Page to 

 Grant Notice
for 

 Restricted
Stock Unit Award 

EXHIBIT A 

DOCGO INC. 
2021 STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN 

STANDARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR 
RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS 

These Standard Terms and Conditions apply to the
Award of Restricted Stock Units granted pursuant to the DocGo Inc. 2021 Stock Incentive Plan (the Plan ), which
are evidenced by a Grant Notice or an action of the Committee that specifically refers to these Standard Terms and Conditions. In addition
to these Standard Terms and Conditions, the Restricted Stock Units shall be subject to the terms of the Plan, which are incorporated into
these Standard Terms and Conditions by this reference. Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meaning set forth
in the Plan. 

1. TERMS OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS 

DocGo Inc. (the Company has granted to the Participant named in the Grant Notice provided to said Participant herewith (the Grant Notice an award of Restricted Stock Units (the Award or RSUs specified in the Grant
Notice, with each Restricted Stock Unit representing the right to receive one share of Common Stock. The Award is subject to the conditions
set forth in the Grant Notice, these Standard Terms and Conditions and the Plan. For purposes of these Standard Terms and Conditions and
the Grant Notice, any reference to the Company shall include a reference to any Subsidiary. 

2. VESTING AND SETTLEMENT OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS 

(a) 
 The Award shall not be vested as of the Grant Date set forth in the Grant Notice and shall be forfeitable unless and until otherwise
vested pursuant to the terms of the Grant Notice and these Standard Terms and Conditions. After the Grant Date, subject to termination
or acceleration as provided in these Standard Terms and Conditions and the Plan, the Award shall become vested as described in the Grant
Notice with respect to that number of Restricted Stock Units as set forth in the Grant Notice. Restricted Stock Units that have vested
and are no longer subject to forfeiture are referred to herein as Vested RSUs . Restricted Stock Units awarded
hereunder that are not vested and remain subject to forfeiture are referred to herein as Unvested RSUs . 

(b) 
 As soon as administratively practicable following the vesting of the RSUs pursuant to the Grant Notice and this Section 2 ,
but in no event later than the 15 th day of the third calendar month of the calendar year following the calendar year in which
the RSUs become Vested RSUs, the Company shall deliver to the Participant a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the number of RSUs
that vested on such date. 

(c) 
 If the Participant s Termination of Employment is as a result of the Participant s death or Disability, all then Unvested
RSUs shall become Vested RSUs as of the date of such Termination of Employment. 

(d) 
 In the event of a Change in Control, all then Unvested RSUs shall become Vested RSUs as of the date of such Change in Control. 

(e) 
 Upon Participant s Termination of Employment for any other reason not set forth in Section 2(c) , any then Unvested
RSUs held by the Participant shall be forfeited and canceled as of the date of such Termination of Employment. 

Exhibit
A 

 Standard
Terms and Conditions for 

 Restricted
Stock Units 

3. RIGHTS AS STOCKHOLDER; DIVIDEND EQUIVALENTS 

Participant shall not be, nor have
any of the rights or privileges of, a stockholder of the Company in respect of any RSUs unless and until shares of Common Stock settled
for such RSUs shall have been issued by the Company to Participant (as evidenced by the appropriate entry on the books of the Company
or of a duly authorized transfer agent of the Company). 

4. RESTRICTIONS ON RESALES OF SHARES 

The Company may impose such restrictions,
conditions or limitations as it determines appropriate as to the timing and manner of any resales by the Participant or other subsequent
transfers by the Participant of any shares of Common Stock issued pursuant to Vested RSUs, including (a) restrictions under an insider
trading policy, (b) restrictions designed to delay and/or coordinate the timing and manner of sales by Participant and other holders and
(c) restrictions as to the use of a specified brokerage firm for such resales or other transfers. 

5. NONTRANSFERABILITY OF AWARD 

The Participant understands, acknowledges
and agrees that, except as otherwise provided in the Plan or as permitted by the Committee, the Award may not be sold, assigned, transferred,
pledged or otherwise directly or indirectly encumbered or disposed of other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution. 

6. OTHER AGREEMENTS SUPERSEDED 

The Grant Notice, these Standard Terms
and Conditions and the Plan constitute the entire understanding between the Participant and the Company regarding the Award. Any prior
agreements, commitments or negotiations concerning the Award are superseded. 

7. LIMITATION OF INTEREST IN SHARES SUBJECT TO RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS 

Neither the Participant (individually
or as a member of a group) nor any beneficiary or other person claiming under or through the Participant shall have any right, title,
interest, or privilege in or to any shares of Common Stock allocated or reserved for the purpose of the Plan or subject to the Grant Notice
or these Standard Terms and Conditions except as to such shares of Common Stock, if any, as shall have been issued to such person in connection
with the Award. Nothing in the Plan, in the Grant Notice, these Standard Terms and Conditions or any other instrument executed pursuant
to the Plan shall confer upon the Participant any right to continue in the Company s employ or service nor limit in any way the
Company s right to terminate the Participant s employment at any time for any reason. 

8. NO LIABILITY OF COMPANY 

The Company and any affiliate which
is in existence or hereafter comes into existence shall not be liable to the Participant or any other person as to: (a) the non-issuance
or sale of shares of Common Stock as to which the Company has been unable to obtain from any regulatory body having jurisdiction the authority
deemed by the Company s counsel to be necessary to the lawful issuance and sale of any shares hereunder and (b) any tax consequence
expected, but not realized, by the Participant or other person due to the receipt or settlement of any RSUs granted hereunder. 

A- 2 

9. GENERAL 

(a) 
 In the event that any provision of these Standard Terms and Conditions is declared to be illegal, invalid or otherwise unenforceable
 by a court of competent jurisdiction, such provision shall be reformed, if possible, to the extent necessary
to render it legal, valid and enforceable, or otherwise deleted, and the remainder of these Standard Terms and Conditions shall not be
affected except to the extent necessary to reform or delete such illegal, invalid or unenforceable provision. 

(b) 
 The headings preceding the text of the sections hereof are inserted solely for convenience of reference, and shall not constitute
 a part of these Standard Terms and Conditions, nor shall they affect its meaning, construction or effect.
Words in the masculine gender shall include the feminine gender, and where appropriate, the plural shall include the singular and the
singular shall include the plural. The use herein of the word including following any general statement, term or matter
shall not be construed to limit such statement, term or matter to the specific items or matters set forth immediately following such word
or to similar items or matters, whether or not non-limiting language (such as without limitation , but not limited
to , or words of similar import) is used with reference thereto, but rather shall be deemed to refer to all other items or matters
that could reasonably fall within the broadest possible scope of such general statement, term or matter. References herein to any agreement,
instrument or other document means such agreement, instrument or other document as amended, supplemented and modified from time to time
to the extent permitted by the provisions thereof and not prohibited by the Plan or these Standard Terms and Conditions. 

(c) 
 These Standard Terms and Conditions shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto and their respective permitted
heirs, beneficiaries, successors and assigns. 

(d) 
 These Standard Terms and Conditions shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of Delaware, without
 regard to principles of conflicts of law. 

(e) 
 In the event of any conflict between the Grant Notice, these Standard Terms and Conditions and the Plan, the Grant Notice and these
Standard Terms and Conditions shall control. In the event of any conflict between the Grant Notice
and these Standard Terms and Conditions, the Grant Notice shall control. 

(f) 
 All questions arising under the Plan or under these Standard Terms and Conditions shall be decided
by the Committee in its total and absolute discretion. 

10. CLAWBACK 

The RSUs and any shares of Common Stock
received upon settlement of the RSUs will be subject to recoupment in accordance with any clawback policy adopted by the Company. No recovery
of compensation under such a clawback policy will be an event giving rise to a right to resign for good reason or constructive
termination (or similar term) under any agreement with the Company. By accepting the Award, the Participant is agreeing to be bound
by any such clawback policy, as in effect or as may be adopted and/or modified from time to time by the Company in its discretion. 

11. ELECTRONIC DELIVERY 

By executing the Grant Notice, the
Participant hereby consents to the delivery of information (including, without limitation, information required to be delivered to the
Participant pursuant to applicable securities laws) regarding the Company and the Subsidiaries, the Plan, and the Restricted Stock Units
via Company web site or other electronic delivery. 

A-3 

</EX-10.10>

<EX-10.11>
 4
 f10k2022ex10-11_docgoinc.htm
 FORM OF GRANT NOTICE FOR NONQUALIFIED STOCK OPTIONS AND STANDARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR NONQUALIFIED STOCK OPTIONS UNDER THE DOCGO INC. 2021 STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN

Exhibit 10.11 

EMPLOYEE FORM 

DOCGO INC. 

 2021 STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN 

GRANT NOTICE FOR 
NONQUALIFIED STOCK OPTIONS 

FOR GOOD AND VALUABLE CONSIDERATION, DocGo Inc.
(the Company ), hereby grants to Participant named below the Nonqualified Stock Option (the Option to purchase any part or all of the number of shares of Common Stock that are covered by this Option at the Exercise Price per share, each
specified below, and upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Grant Notice, the DocGo Inc. 2021 Stock Incentive
Plan (as amended from time to time, the Plan and the Standard Terms and Conditions (the Standard
Terms and Conditions promulgated under such Plan and attached hereto as Exhibit A . This Option is granted pursuant
to the Plan and is subject to and qualified in its entirety by the Standard Terms and Conditions. This Option is not intended to qualify
as an incentive stock option under Section 422 of the Code. Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set
forth in the Plan. 

Name of Participant: 

Grant Date: 

Number of Shares of Common Stock covered by Option: 

Exercise Price Per Share: 

Expiration Date: 
 
 The tenth (10 th anniversary of the Grant Date. 
 
 Vesting Schedule: 
 
 Subject to the Plan and the Standard Terms
and Conditions, the Option shall vest in accordance with the following schedule, so long as Participant remains continuously employed
by the Company or its Subsidiaries from the Grant Date through such vesting date: 

IN ORDER TO RECEIVE THE BENEFITS OF THIS AGREEMENT,
PARTICIPANT MUST EXECUTE AND RETURN THIS GRANT NOTICE (THE ACCEPTANCE REQUIREMENTS ). IF YOU FAIL TO SATISFY
THE ACCEPTANCE REQUIREMENTS WITHIN 60 DAYS AFTER THE GRANT DATE, THEN (1) THIS GRANT NOTICE WILL BE OF NO FORCE OR EFFECT AND THE OPTION
GRANTED HEREIN WILL BE AUTOMATICALLY FORFEITED TO THE COMPANY WITHOUT CONSIDERATION, AND (2) NEITHER PARTICIPANT NOR THE COMPANY WILL
HAVE ANY FUTURE RIGHTS OR OBLIGATIONS UNDER THIS GRANT NOTICE OR THE STANDARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS. 

By accepting this Grant Notice, Participant acknowledges
that he or she has received and read, and agrees that this Option shall be subject to, the terms of this Grant Notice, the Plan, and the
Standard Terms and Conditions and the Covenants Agreement. 

DOCGO INC. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

PARTICIPANT 

[Name] 

Signature
Page to 

 Grant Notice
for 

 Nonqualified
Stock Options 

EXHIBIT A 

DOCGO INC. 
2021 STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN 

STANDARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR 
NONQUALIFIED STOCK OPTIONS 

These Standard Terms and Conditions apply to the
Options granted pursuant to DocGo Inc. 2021 Stock Incentive Plan (the Plan ), which are identified as nonqualified
stock options and are evidenced by a Grant Notice or an action of the Committee that specifically refers to these Standard Terms and Conditions.
In addition to these Standard Terms and Conditions, the Option shall be subject to the terms of the Plan, which are incorporated into
these Standard Terms and Conditions by this reference. Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meaning set forth
in the Plan. 

1. Terms
of Option 

DocGo Inc. (the Company has granted to the Participant named in the Grant Notice provided to said Participant herewith (the Grant Notice a Nonqualified Stock Option (the Option to purchase up to the number of shares of Common Stock at an exercise
price per share, each as set forth in the Grant Notice. The Option is subject to the conditions set forth in the Grant Notice, these Standard
Terms and Conditions, and the Plan. For purposes of these Standard Terms and Conditions and the Grant Notice, any reference to the Company
shall include a reference to any Subsidiary. 

2. Nonqualified
Stock Option 

The Option is not intended to be an incentive
stock option under Section 422 of the Code and will be interpreted accordingly. 

3. Exercise
of Option 

(a) The
Option shall not be exercisable as of the Grant Date set forth in the Grant Notice. After the Grant Date, to the extent not previously
exercised, and subject to termination or acceleration as provided in these Standard Terms and Conditions and the Plan, the Option shall
be exercisable only to the extent it becomes vested, as described in the Grant Notice or the terms of the Plan, to purchase up to that
number of shares of Common Stock as set forth in the Grant Notice; provided, that (except as set forth in Section 4(a) below) the
Participant remains employed with the Company and does not experience a Termination of Employment. The vesting period and/or exercisability
of an Option may be adjusted by the Committee to reflect the decreased level of employment during any period in which the Participant
is on an approved leave of absence or is employed on a less than full time basis. 

(b) To
exercise the Option (or any part thereof), the Participant shall deliver to the Company a Notice of Exercise in a form specified
by the Committee, specifying the number of whole shares of Common Stock the Participant wishes to purchase and how the Participant s
shares of Common Stock should be registered (in the Participant s name only or in the Participant s and the Participant s
spouse s names as community property or as joint tenants with right of survivorship). 

(c) The
exercise price (the Exercise Price of the Option is set forth in the Grant Notice. The Company shall not
be obligated to issue any shares of Common Stock until the Participant shall have paid the total Exercise Price for that number of shares
of Common Stock. The Exercise Price may be paid in Common Stock, cash or a combination thereof, including an irrevocable commitment by
a broker to pay over such amount from a sale of the Common Stock issuable under the Option, the delivery of previously owned Common Stock,
withholding of shares of Common Stock deliverable upon exercise of the Option (but only to the extent share withholding is made available
to the Participant by the Company), or in such other manners as may be permitted by the Committee. 

(d) Fractional
shares may not be exercised. Shares of Common Stock will be issued as soon as practical after exercise. Notwithstanding the above, the
Company shall not be obligated to deliver any shares of Common Stock during any period when the Company determines that the exercisability
of the Option or the delivery of shares of Common Stock hereunder would violate Company policy or any federal, state or other applicable
laws. 

4. Expiration
of Option 

The Option shall expire and cease to be exercisable
as of the earlier of (i) the Expiration Date set forth in the Grant Notice or (ii) the date specified below in connection with the Participant s
Termination of Employment: 

(a) If
the Participant s Termination of Employment is as a result of the Participant s death or Disability, subject to the Participant s
(or the Participant s personal representative s) execution and nonrevocation of a general release of claims in a form provided
by the Company, (i) the entire Option shall be fully vested and (ii) the Participant may exercise any portion of the Option until the
first anniversary of the Termination Date (as defined below). 

(b) If
the Participant s Termination of Employment is as a result of an Involuntary Termination (as defined below) on or within 24-months
following a Change in Control, subject to the Participant s execution and nonrevocation of a general release of claims in a form
provided by the Company, (i) the entire Option shall be fully vested and (ii) the Participant may exercise any portion of the Option until
the date that is 90 days following the Termination Date. 

(c) If
the Participant s Termination of Employment is by the Company for Cause, the entire Option, whether or not then vested and exercisable,
shall be immediately forfeited and canceled as of the Termination Date. 

(d) If
the Participant s Termination of Employment is for any reason other than as set forth in Section 4(a) , 4(b) , or 4(c) ,
the Participant may exercise any portion of the Option that is vested and exercisable at the time of such Termination of Employment until
the date that is 90 days following the Termination Date. 

(e) Any
portion of the Option that is not vested and exercisable at the time of a Termination of Employment (after taking into account any accelerated
vesting under this Section 4 , Section 15 of the Plan or any other agreement between the Participant and the Company) shall be forfeited
and canceled as of the Termination Date. 

A- 2 

(f) As
used in this Section 4 : 

(i) Involuntary
Termination means a Termination of Employment by the Company without Cause (and not as a result of death or Disability). 

(ii) Termination
Date means the date of the Participant s Termination of Employment. 

5. Restrictions
on Resales of Shares Acquired Pursuant to Option Exercise 

The Company may impose such restrictions, conditions
or limitations as it determines appropriate as to the timing and manner of any resales by the Participant or other subsequent transfers
by the Participant of any shares of Common Stock issued as a result of the exercise of the Option, including (a) restrictions under an
insider trading policy, (b) restrictions designed to delay and/or coordinate the timing and manner of sales by Participant and other option
holders and (c) restrictions as to the use of a specified brokerage firm for such resales or other transfers. 

6. Income
Taxes 

The Company shall not deliver shares of Common
Stock in respect of the exercise of any Option unless and until the Participant has made arrangements satisfactory to the Company to satisfy
applicable withholding tax obligations. Unless the Participant pays the withholding tax obligations to the Company by cash or check in
connection with the exercise of the Option (including an irrevocable commitment by a broker to pay over such amount from a sale of the
Common Stock issuable under the Option), withholding may be effected, at the Company s election, withholding Common Stock issuable
in connection with the exercise of the Option (provided that shares of Common Stock may be withheld only to the extent that such withholding
will not result in adverse accounting treatment for the Company). The Participant acknowledges that the Company shall have the right to
deduct any taxes required to be withheld by law in connection with the exercise of the Option from any amounts payable by it to the Participant
(including future cash wages). 

7.
 Non - Transferability of Option 

Except as permitted by the Committee or as permitted
under the Plan, the Participant may not assign or transfer the Option to anyone other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution
and the Option shall be exercisable only by the Participant during his or her lifetime. The Company may cancel the Participant s
Option if the Participant attempts to assign or transfer it in a manner inconsistent with this Section 7 . 

8. Other
Agreements Superseded 

The Grant Notice, these Standard Terms and Conditions,
the Covenants Agreement and the Plan constitute the entire understanding between the Participant and the Company regarding the Option.
Any prior agreements, commitments or negotiations concerning the Option are superseded; provided, however, that the terms of the Covenants
Agreement are in addition to and complement (and do not replace or supersede) all other agreements and obligations between the Company
and any of its affiliates and the Participant with respect to noncompetition, nonsolicitation and noninterference. 

A- 3 

9. Limitation
of Interest in Shares Subject to Option 

Neither the Participant (individually or as a
member of a group) nor any beneficiary or other person claiming under or through the Participant shall have any right, title, interest,
or privilege in or to any shares of Common Stock allocated or reserved for the purpose of the Plan or subject to the Grant Notice or these
Standard Terms and Conditions except as to such shares of Common Stock, if any, as shall have been issued to such person upon exercise
of the Option or any part of it. Nothing in the Plan, in the Grant Notice, these Standard Terms and Conditions or any other instrument
executed pursuant to the Plan shall confer upon the Participant any right to continue in the Company s employ or service nor limit
in any way the Company s right to terminate the Participant s employment at any time for any reason. 

10. No
Liability of Company 

The Company and any affiliate which is in
existence or hereafter comes into existence shall not be liable to the Participant or any other person as to: (a) the non-issuance
or sale of shares of Common Stock as to which the Company has been unable to obtain from any regulatory body having jurisdiction the
authority deemed by the Company s counsel to be necessary to the lawful issuance and sale of any shares hereunder and
(b) any tax consequence expected, but not realized, by the Participant or other person due to the receipt, exercise or settlement of
any Option granted hereunder. 

11. General 

(a) In
the event that any provision of these Standard Terms and Conditions is declared to be illegal, invalid or otherwise unenforceable by a
court of competent jurisdiction, such provision shall be reformed, if possible, to the extent necessary to render it legal, valid and
enforceable, or otherwise deleted, and the remainder of these Standard Terms and Conditions shall not be affected except to the extent
necessary to reform or delete such illegal, invalid or unenforceable provision. 

(b) The
headings preceding the text of the sections hereof are inserted solely for convenience of reference, and shall not constitute a part of
these Standard Terms and Conditions, nor shall they affect its meaning, construction or effect. Words in the masculine gender shall include
the feminine gender, and where appropriate, the plural shall include the singular and the singular shall include the plural. The use herein
of the word including following any general statement, term or matter shall not be construed to limit such statement, term
or matter to the specific items or matters set forth immediately following such word or to similar items or matters, whether or not non-limiting
language (such as without limitation , but not limited to , or words of similar import) is used with reference
thereto, but rather shall be deemed to refer to all other items or matters that could reasonably fall within the broadest possible scope
of such general statement, term or matter. References herein to any agreement, instrument or other document means such agreement, instrument
or other document as amended, supplemented and modified from time to time to the extent permitted by the provisions thereof and not prohibited
by the Plan or these Standard Terms and Conditions. 

A- 4 

(c) These
Standard Terms and Conditions shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto and their respective permitted heirs,
beneficiaries, successors and assigns. 

(d) These
Standard Terms and Conditions shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard
to principles of conflicts of law. 

(e) In
the event of any conflict between the Grant Notice, these Standard Terms and Conditions and the Plan, the Grant Notice and these Standard
Terms and Conditions shall control. In the event of any conflict between the Grant Notice and these Standard Terms and Conditions, the
Grant Notice shall control. 

(f) All
questions arising under the Plan or under these Standard Terms and Conditions shall be decided by the Committee in its total and absolute
discretion. 

12. Electronic
Delivery 

By executing the Grant Notice, the Participant
hereby consents to the delivery of information (including information required to be delivered to the Participant pursuant to applicable
securities laws) regarding the Company and the Subsidiaries, the Plan, the Option and the Common Stock via Company web site or other electronic
delivery. 

A-5 

</EX-10.11>

<EX-10.12>
 5
 f10k2022ex10-12_docgoinc.htm
 FORM OF GRANT NOTICE FOR INCENTIVE STOCK OPTIONS AND STANDARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INCENTIVE STOCK OPTIONS UNDER THE DOCGO INC. 2021 STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN

Exhibit 10.12 

EMPLOYEE FORM 

DOCGO INC. 

 2021 STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN 

GRANT NOTICE FOR 
INCENTIVE STOCK OPTIONS 

FOR GOOD AND VALUABLE CONSIDERATION, DocGo, Inc.
(the Company ), hereby grants to Participant named below the Incentive Stock Option (the Option to purchase any part or all of the number of shares of Common Stock that are covered by this Option at the Exercise Price per share, each
specified below, and upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Grant Notice, the DocGo, Inc. 2021 Stock Incentive
Plan (as amended from time to time, the Plan and the Standard Terms and Conditions (the Standard
Terms and Conditions promulgated under such Plan and attached hereto as Exhibit A . This Option is granted pursuant
to the Plan and is subject to and qualified in its entirety by the Standard Terms and Conditions. This Option is intended to qualify as
an incentive stock option under Section 422 of the Code to the maximum extent permitted thereunder. Capitalized terms not otherwise defined
herein shall have the meaning set forth in the Plan. 

Name of Participant: 

Grant Date: 

Number of Shares of Common Stock covered by Option: 

Exercise Price Per Share: 

Expiration Date: 
 
 The tenth (10 th anniversary of the Grant Date. 
 
 Vesting Schedule: 
 
 Subject to the Plan and the Standard Terms and
 Conditions, the Option shall vest in accordance with the following schedule, so long as Participant remains continuously employed by the
 Company or its Subsidiaries from the Grant Date through such vesting date: 

IN ORDER TO RECEIVE THE BENEFITS OF THIS AGREEMENT,
PARTICIPANT MUST EXECUTE AND RETURN THIS GRANT NOTICE (THE ACCEPTANCE REQUIREMENTS ). IF YOU FAIL TO SATISFY
THE ACCEPTANCE REQUIREMENTS WITHIN 60 DAYS AFTER THE GRANT DATE, THEN (1) THIS GRANT NOTICE WILL BE OF NO FORCE OR EFFECT AND THE OPTION
GRANTED HEREIN WILL BE AUTOMATICALLY FORFEITED TO THE COMPANY WITHOUT CONSIDERATION, AND (2) NEITHER PARTICIPANT NOR THE COMPANY WILL
HAVE ANY FUTURE RIGHTS OR OBLIGATIONS UNDER THIS GRANT NOTICE OR THE STANDARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS. 

By accepting this Grant Notice, Participant acknowledges
that he or she has received and read, and agrees that this Option shall be subject to, the terms of this Grant Notice, the Plan, and the
Standard Terms and Conditions and the Covenants Agreement. 

DOCGO, INC. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

PARTICIPANT 

[Name] 

Signature
Page to 

 Grant Notice
for 

 Incentive
Stock Options 

EXHIBIT A 

DOCGO, INC. 
2021 STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN 

STANDARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR 
INCENTIVE STOCK OPTIONS 

These Standard Terms and Conditions apply to the
Options granted pursuant to DocGo, Inc. 2021 Stock Incentive Plan (the Plan ), which are identified as incentive
stock options and are evidenced by a Grant Notice or an action of the Committee that specifically refers to these Standard Terms and Conditions.
In addition to these Standard Terms and Conditions, the Option shall be subject to the terms of the Plan, which are incorporated into
these Standard Terms and Conditions by this reference. Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meaning set forth
in the Plan. 

1. Terms
of Option 

DocGo, Inc. (the Company has granted to the Participant named in the Grant Notice provided to said Participant herewith (the Grant Notice an Incentive Stock Option (the Option to purchase up to the number of shares of Common Stock at an exercise
price per share, each as set forth in the Grant Notice. The Option is subject to the conditions set forth in the Grant Notice, these Standard
Terms and Conditions, and the Plan. For purposes of these Standard Terms and Conditions and the Grant Notice, any reference to the Company
shall include a reference to any Subsidiary. 

2. INCENTIVE
Stock Option 

The Option is intended to qualify as an incentive
stock option under Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), and will be interpreted
accordingly. Section 422 of the Code provides, among other things, that the Optionee shall not be taxed upon the exercise of a stock option
that qualifies as an incentive stock option provided the Optionee does not dispose of the shares of Common Stock acquired upon exercise
of such option until the later of two years after such option is granted to the Optionee and one year after such option is exercised.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, Section 422 of the Code provides that incentive stock options (including, possibly, the
Option) shall not be treated as incentive stock options if and to the extent that the aggregate fair market value of shares of Common
Stock (determined as of the time of grant) with respect to which such incentive stock options are exercisable for the first time by the
Optionee during any calendar year (under all plans of the Company and its subsidiaries) exceeds 100,000, taking options into account
in the order in which they were granted. Thus, if and to the extent that any shares of Common Stock issued under a portion of the Option
exceeds the foregoing 100,000 limitation, such shares shall not be treated as issued under an incentive stock option pursuant to Section
422 of the Code. 

3. Exercise
of Option 

(a) The
Option shall not be exercisable as of the Grant Date set forth in the Grant Notice. After the Grant Date, to the extent not previously
exercised, and subject to termination or acceleration as provided in these Standard Terms and Conditions and the Plan, the Option shall
be exercisable only to the extent it becomes vested, as described in the Grant Notice or the terms of the Plan, to purchase up to that
number of shares of Common Stock as set forth in the Grant Notice; provided, that (except as set forth in Section 4(a) below) the
Participant remains employed with the Company and does not experience a Termination of Employment. The vesting period and/or exercisability
of an Option may be adjusted by the Committee to reflect the decreased level of employment during any period in which the Participant
is on an approved leave of absence or is employed on a less than full time basis. 

(b) To
exercise the Option (or any part thereof), the Participant shall deliver to the Company a Notice of Exercise in a form specified
by the Committee, specifying the number of whole shares of Common Stock the Participant wishes to purchase and how the Participant s
shares of Common Stock should be registered (in the Participant s name only or in the Participant s and the Participant s
spouse s names as community property or as joint tenants with right of survivorship). 

(c) The
exercise price (the Exercise Price of the Option is set forth in the Grant Notice. The Company shall not
be obligated to issue any shares of Common Stock until the Participant shall have paid the total Exercise Price for that number of shares
of Common Stock. The Exercise Price may be paid in Common Stock, cash or a combination thereof, including an irrevocable commitment by
a broker to pay over such amount from a sale of the Common Stock issuable under the Option, the delivery of previously owned Common Stock,
withholding of shares of Common Stock deliverable upon exercise of the Option (but only to the extent share withholding is made available
to the Participant by the Company), or in such other manners as may be permitted by the Committee. 

(d) Fractional
shares may not be exercised. Shares of Common Stock will be issued as soon as practical after exercise. Notwithstanding the above, the
Company shall not be obligated to deliver any shares of Common Stock during any period when the Company determines that the exercisability
of the Option or the delivery of shares of Common Stock hereunder would violate Company policy or any federal, state or other applicable
laws. 

4. Expiration
of Option 

The Option shall expire and cease to be exercisable
as of the earlier of (i) the Expiration Date set forth in the Grant Notice or (ii) the date specified below in connection with the Participant s
Termination of Employment: 

(a) If
the Participant s Termination of Employment is as a result of the Participant s death or Disability, subject to the Participant s
(or the Participant s personal representative s) execution and nonrevocation of a general release of claims in a form provided
by the Company, (i) the entire Option shall be fully vested and (ii) the Participant may exercise any portion of the Option until the
first anniversary of the Termination Date (as defined below). 

(b) If
the Participant s Termination of Employment is as a result of an Involuntary Termination (as defined below) on or within 24-months
following a Change in Control, subject to the Participant s execution and nonrevocation of a general release of claims in a form
provided by the Company, (i) the entire Option shall be fully vested and (ii) the Participant may exercise any portion of the Option until
the date that is 90 days following the Termination Date. 

A- 2 

(c) If
the Participant s Termination of Employment is by the Company for Cause, the entire Option, whether or not then vested and exercisable,
shall be immediately forfeited and canceled as of the Termination Date. 

(d) If
the Participant s Termination of Employment is for any reason other than as set forth in Section 4(a) , 4(b) , or 4(c) ,
the Participant may exercise any portion of the Option that is vested and exercisable at the time of such Termination of Employment until
the date that is 90 days following the Termination Date. 

(e) Any
portion of the Option that is not vested and exercisable at the time of a Termination of Employment (after taking into account any accelerated
vesting under this Section 4 , Section 15 of the Plan or any other agreement between the Participant and the Company) shall be forfeited
and canceled as of the Termination Date. 

(f) As
used in this Section 4 : 

(i) Involuntary
Termination means a Termination of Employment by the Company without Cause (and not as a result of death or Disability). 

(ii) Termination
Date means the date of the Participant s Termination of Employment. 

5. Restrictions
on Resales of Shares Acquired Pursuant to Option Exercise 

The Company may impose such restrictions, conditions
or limitations as it determines appropriate as to the timing and manner of any resales by the Participant or other subsequent transfers
by the Participant of any shares of Common Stock issued as a result of the exercise of the Option, including (a) restrictions under an
insider trading policy, (b) restrictions designed to delay and/or coordinate the timing and manner of sales by Participant and other option
holders and (c) restrictions as to the use of a specified brokerage firm for such resales or other transfers. 

6. Income
Taxes 

The Company shall not deliver shares of Common
Stock in respect of the exercise of any Option unless and until the Participant has made arrangements satisfactory to the Company to satisfy
applicable withholding tax obligations. Unless the Participant pays the withholding tax obligations to the Company by cash or check in
connection with the exercise of the Option (including an irrevocable commitment by a broker to pay over such amount from a sale of the
Common Stock issuable under the Option), withholding may be effected, at the Company s election, withholding Common Stock issuable
in connection with the exercise of the Option (provided that shares of Common Stock may be withheld only to the extent that such withholding
will not result in adverse accounting treatment for the Company). The Participant acknowledges that the Company shall have the right to
deduct any taxes required to be withheld by law in connection with the exercise of the Option from any amounts payable by it to the Participant
(including future cash wages). 

A- 3 

7.
 Non - Transferability of Option 

Except as permitted by the Committee or as permitted
under the Plan, the Participant may not assign or transfer the Option to anyone other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution
and the Option shall be exercisable only by the Participant during his or her lifetime. The Company may cancel the Participant s
Option if the Participant attempts to assign or transfer it in a manner inconsistent with this Section 7 . 

8. Other
Agreements Superseded 

The Grant Notice, these Standard Terms and Conditions,
the Covenants Agreement and the Plan constitute the entire understanding between the Participant and the Company regarding the Option.
Any prior agreements, commitments or negotiations concerning the Option are superseded; provided, however, that the terms of the Covenants
Agreement are in addition to and complement (and do not replace or supersede) all other agreements and obligations between the Company
and any of its affiliates and the Participant with respect to noncompetition, nonsolicitation and noninterference. 

9. Limitation
of Interest in Shares Subject to Option 

Neither the Participant (individually or as a
member of a group) nor any beneficiary or other person claiming under or through the Participant shall have any right, title, interest,
or privilege in or to any shares of Common Stock allocated or reserved for the purpose of the Plan or subject to the Grant Notice or these
Standard Terms and Conditions except as to such shares of Common Stock, if any, as shall have been issued to such person upon exercise
of the Option or any part of it. Nothing in the Plan, in the Grant Notice, these Standard Terms and Conditions or any other instrument
executed pursuant to the Plan shall confer upon the Participant any right to continue in the Company s employ or service nor limit
in any way the Company s right to terminate the Participant s employment at any time for any reason. 

10. No
Liability of Company 

The Company and any affiliate which is in existence
or hereafter comes into existence shall not be liable to the Participant or any other person as to: (a) the non-issuance or sale of shares
of Common Stock as to which the Company has been unable to obtain from any regulatory body having jurisdiction the authority deemed by
the Company s counsel to be necessary to the lawful issuance and sale of any shares hereunder and (b) any tax consequence
expected, but not realized, by the Participant or other person due to the receipt, exercise or settlement of any Option granted hereunder. 

11. General 

(a) In
the event that any provision of these Standard Terms and Conditions is declared to be illegal, invalid or otherwise unenforceable by a
court of competent jurisdiction, such provision shall be reformed, if possible, to the extent necessary to render it legal, valid and
enforceable, or otherwise deleted, and the remainder of these Standard Terms and Conditions shall not be affected except to the extent
necessary to reform or delete such illegal, invalid or unenforceable provision. 

A- 4 

(b) The
headings preceding the text of the sections hereof are inserted solely for convenience of reference, and shall not constitute a part of
these Standard Terms and Conditions, nor shall they affect its meaning, construction or effect. Words in the masculine gender shall include
the feminine gender, and where appropriate, the plural shall include the singular and the singular shall include the plural. The use herein
of the word including following any general statement, term or matter shall not be construed to limit such statement, term
or matter to the specific items or matters set forth immediately following such word or to similar items or matters, whether or not non-limiting
language (such as without limitation , but not limited to , or words of similar import) is used with reference
thereto, but rather shall be deemed to refer to all other items or matters that could reasonably fall within the broadest possible scope
of such general statement, term or matter. References herein to any agreement, instrument or other document means such agreement, instrument
or other document as amended, supplemented and modified from time to time to the extent permitted by the provisions thereof and not prohibited
by the Plan or these Standard Terms and Conditions. 

(c) These
Standard Terms and Conditions shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto and their respective permitted heirs,
beneficiaries, successors and assigns. 

(d) These
Standard Terms and Conditions shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard
to principles of conflicts of law. 

(e) In
the event of any conflict between the Grant Notice, these Standard Terms and Conditions and the Plan, the Grant Notice and these Standard
Terms and Conditions shall control. In the event of any conflict between the Grant Notice and these Standard Terms and Conditions, the
Grant Notice shall control. 

(f) All
questions arising under the Plan or under these Standard Terms and Conditions shall be decided by the Committee in its total and absolute
discretion. 

12. Electronic
Delivery 

By executing the Grant Notice, the Participant
hereby consents to the delivery of information (including information required to be delivered to the Participant pursuant to applicable
securities laws) regarding the Company and the Subsidiaries, the Plan, the Option and the Common Stock via Company web site or other electronic
delivery. 

A-5 

</EX-10.12>

<EX-21>
 6
 f10k2022ex21_docgoinc.htm
 SUBSIDIARIES OF DOCGO INC

Exhibit 21 

Subsidiaries of DocGo Inc. 

The registrant s subsidiaries and affiliates as of December 31,
2022 are included in the list below. 

Name 
 
 Jurisdiction 
 
 AF DE LNZ LLC 
 
 Delaware, United States 
 
 AF PR Ambulnz, LLC 
 
 Puerto Rico, United States Territory 
 
 AF WI LNZ, LLC 
 
 Wisconsin, United States 
 
 AF WI, LLC 
 
 Wisconsin, United States 
 
 Ambulnz AL, LLC 
 
 Alabama, United States 
 
 Ambulnz CO, LLC 
 
 Colorado, United States 
 
 Ambulnz Community Partners Ltd 
 
 England and Wales 
 
 Ambulnz Health, LLC 
 
 Delaware, United States 
 
 Ambulnz Holdings, LLC 
 
 Delaware, United States 
 
 Ambulnz NJ, LLC 
 
 New Jersey, United States 
 
 Ambulnz NJ-PA, LLC 
 
 Delaware, United States 
 
 Ambulnz NY 2, LLC 
 
 Delaware, United States 
 
 Ambulnz NY 3, LLC 
 
 Delaware, United States 
 
 Ambulnz NY 5, LLC 
 
 New York, United States 
 
 Ambulnz NY, LLC 
 
 Delaware, United States 
 
 Ambulnz PA, LLC 
 
 Pennsylvania, United States 
 
 Ambulnz RE 1, LLC 
 
 New York, United States 
 
 Ambulnz TN, LLC 
 
 Tennessee, United States 
 
 Ambulnz TX, LLC 
 
 Texas, United States 
 
 Ambulnz UK LTD 
 
 England and Wales 
 
 Ambulnz UK, LLC 
 
 Delaware, United States 
 
 Ambulnz, Inc. 
 
 Delaware, United States 
 
 Ambulnz-FMC AL, LLC 
 
 Alabama, United States 
 
 Ambulnz-FMC MO LLC 
 
 Missouri, United States 
 
 Ambulnz-FMC North America LLC 
 
 Delaware, United States 
 
 Ambulnz-FMC NY, LLC 
 
 New York, United States 
 
 Ambulnz-FMC TN, LLC 
 
 Tennessee, United States 
 
 Ambulnz-PA WC, LLC 
 
 Pennsylvania, United States 
 
 ARM Insurance, Inc. 
 
 Vermont, United States 
 
 AZ Ambulette, LLC 
 
 New York, United States 
 
 Century Ambulnace Services Inc. 
 
 New York, United States 
 
 Community Ambulnace Services, ltd 
 
 England and Wales 
 
 Dara Development OU 
 
 Estonia 
 
 Dara Technologies, LLC 
 
 Delaware, United States 
 
 DocGo EMS Training Center, LLC 
 
 New York, United States 
 
 EMS DIRECT, LLC 
 
 Texas, United States 
 
 Exceptional Medical Transport LLC 
 
 New Jersey, United States 
 
 First Responder Services, LLC 
 
 California, United States 
 
 Government Medical Services LLC 
 
 Delaware, United States 
 
 Healthworx LLC 
 
 Delaware, United States 
 
 Location Medical Services 
 
 England and Wales 
 
 MedResponse CA, LLC 
 
 California, United States 
 
 Medresponse, LLC 
 
 Delaware, United States 
 
 National Providers Association, LLC 
 
 Delaware, United States 
 
 Rapid Reliable Testing CA, LLC 
 
 California, United States 
 
 Rapid Reliable Testing FL, LLC 
 
 Florida, United States 
 
 Rapid Reliable Testing NY, LLC 
 
 New York, United States 
 
 Rapid Reliable Testing, LLC 
 
 Delaware, United States 
 
 Ryan Brother LLC 
 
 Wisconsin, United States 

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 7
 f10k2022ex23-1_docgoinc.htm
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

We consent to the incorporation by reference
in Registration Statements No. 333-262108 on Form S-8 of our report dated March 14, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial
statements of DocGo, Inc. and subsidiaries appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of DocGo, Inc. and subsidiaries for the year ended
December 31, 2022. 

/s/ Urish Popeck Co., LLC 

Pittsburgh, PA 

 March 14, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 8
 f10k2022ex31-1_docgoinc.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302
OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Anthony Capone, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of DocGo Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for,
the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to
be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries,
is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an
annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board
of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report
financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 14, 2023 
 By: 
 
 /s/ Anthony Capone 

Anthony Capone 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 9
 f10k2022ex31-2_docgoinc.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302
OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Norman Rosenberg, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of DocGo Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for,
the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to
be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries,
is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an
annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board
of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report
financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 14, 2023 
 By: 
 
 /s/ Norman Rosenberg 

Norman Rosenberg 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 10
 f10k2022ex32-1_docgoinc.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K
of DocGo Inc. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the
 Report ), I, Anthony Capone, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted
pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge: 

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended; and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

Date: March 14, 2023 
 By: 
 
 /s/ Anthony Capone 

Anthony Capone 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 11
 f10k2022ex32-2_docgoinc.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K
of DocGo Inc. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the
 Report ), I, Norman Rosenberg, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as
adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge: 

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended; and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

Date: March 14, 2023 
 By: 
 
 /s/ Norman Rosenberg 

Norman Rosenberg 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 14
 dcgo-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 15
 dcgo-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 16
 dcgo-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 17
 dcgo-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 18
 dcgo-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

