<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230328_10-K_edgar_data_1837412_0001628280-23-009564.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10909237</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>399225</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1905960</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3447215</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2745970</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2229657</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001628280-23-009564.hdr.sgml : 20230328
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230328170425
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001628280-23-009564
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		107
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230328
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230328

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SomaLogic, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001837412
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMMERCIAL PHYSICAL & BIOLOGICAL RESEARCH [8731]
		IRS NUMBER:				854298912
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40090
		FILM NUMBER:		23770446

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O CORVEX MANAGEMENT LP
		STREET 2:		667 MADISON AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10065
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(212) 474 6724

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O CORVEX MANAGEMENT LP
		STREET 2:		667 MADISON AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10065

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CM Life Sciences II Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20201221

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001628280-23-009564.txt : 20230328

10-K
 1
 slgc-20221231.htm
 10-K

slgc-20221231 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 ___________________________________ 
 FORM 
 ___________________________________ 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from ________ to ________ 
 Commission File Number 
 
 _________________________________________ 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 _________________________________________ 
 (State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification Number) 

, 
 ) 
 (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of registrant s principal executive offices) 
 _________________________________________ 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered Capital Market 
 Capital Market 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes o 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files). No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company o o 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act): Yes o No 

Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 

 The aggregate market value of common stock held by non-affiliates as of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second quarter, was approximately million. This amount is based on the closing price of the registrant s common stock on the NASDAQ on that date. Solely for purposes of this disclosure, shares of common stock held by executive officers and directors of the registrant have been excluded from the calculation because such persons may be deemed to be affiliates. This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive determination for any other purposes. 
 
 As of March 17, 2023, there were approximately shares of the registrant's common stock outstanding. 
 
 Documents Incorporated by Reference 

Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 3 
 PART I 
 Item 1. Business 
 4 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 14 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 40 
 Item 2. Properties 
 40 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 40 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 41 
 PART II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 42 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 42 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 42 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 54 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 55 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 90 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 90 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 92 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 92 
 PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 93 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 93 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 93 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 93 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 93 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 94 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 96 
 Signatures 
 97 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 

 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 The information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and other federal securities laws. All statements, other than statements of historical fact included in or incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K, regarding our strategy, future operations, financial position, estimated revenues and losses, projected costs, prospects, plans and objectives of management are forward-looking statements. When used in this report, the words will be, will, expect, anticipate, continue, project, believe, plan, could, estimate, forecast, guidance, intend, may, plan, possible, potential, predict, pursue, should, target and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain such identifying words. These forward-looking statements are based on management s current expectations and assumptions about future events and are based on currently available information as to the outcome and timing of future events. 
 These statements include, but are not limited to the following: 
 the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstances, including the outcome of any legal proceedings that may be instituted against the Company; 
 the ability to comply with the listing requirements of the Nasdaq; 
 the risk of disruption, including in the Company s information technology systems, to the Company s current plans and operations; 
 the ability to recognize the anticipated benefits of the Company s business, which may be affected by, among other things, competition and the ability to grow and manage growth profitably and retain its key employees; 
 costs related to the Company s business; 
 changes in applicable laws or regulations; 
 the ability of the Company to raise financing in the future; 
 the success, cost and timing of the Company s product development, sales and marketing, and research and development activities; 
 the ability to protect the Company s intellectual property; 
 the Company s plans to engage in acquisition activities and the anticipated impact of such activities on the Company s financial results; 
 the impact of the procurement and budgetary cycles of customers; 
 the Company s ability to obtain and maintain regulatory approval for its products, and any related restrictions and limitations of any approved product; 
 the Company s ability to maintain existing license agreements and manufacturing arrangements; 
 the Company s ability to attract or retain sales and distribution partners; 
 the Company s ability to compete with other companies currently marketing or engaged in the development of products and services that serve customers engaged in proteomic analysis, many of which have greater financial and marketing resources than the Company; 
 the size and growth potential of the markets for the Company s products, and the ability of each to serve those markets, either alone or in partnership with others; 
 the Company s estimates regarding expenses, future revenue, capital requirements and needs for additional financing; 
 the ability to use net operating losses and certain other tax attributes; 
 the Company s financial performance; and 
 the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Company. 
 
 The forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are based on the Company s current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on the Company. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting the Company will be those that the Company has anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond the Company s control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described under Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of the assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. The Company will not and does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. 
 3 

Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 

 PART I 
 
 I tem 1. Business 
 Unless expressly indicated or the context requires otherwise, the terms SomaLogic, the Company, we, us and our in this report refer to SomaLogic, Inc., and, where appropriate, our wholly-owned subsidiaries. 
 Company Overview 
 Overview 
 SomaLogic is a leading commercial-stage proteomics company. We have built an integrated proteomics platform that we believe is capable of robust, high throughput proteomics analysis with broad proteome coverage, low limits of detection, high reproducibility and at low costs. We designed our platform with the goal of being a universal proteomics platform, with the breadth (number of proteins measured) and precision (accuracy of measurement) important for discovery and research applications, and both the reproducibility and robustness important for clinical applications. Our platform is underpinned by our proprietary assay technology, our protein database (which we believe is one of the largest proteomics databases worldwide), and artificial intelligence and machine learning capabilities. As of December 31, 2022, our assay can measure approximately 7,000 protein target measurements in a single sample using only approximately 55 L of plasma, serum, or other matrices. Our proteomics database contains over 4.2 billion protein measurements and our clinical database contains over 675,000 participant-years of clinical follow-up. Leveraging our artificial intelligence-enabled bioinformatics capability, we use our database to power diagnostic product development for our research and clinical customers. We currently run our platform within our own laboratory, receive samples from customers and perform proteomics analysis on their behalf. 
 Our foundational assay technology includes our library of modified aptamer protein identification reagents, referred to as SOMAmer reagents, and our SomaScan assay. Our SOMAmer reagents are proprietary modified aptamers, which are short, synthetic single stranded DNA (ssDNA) sequences developed to bind specific protein targets with high affinity and specificity across the proteome. The SomaScan assay is utilized for Research Use Only RUO applications, and our SomaSignal tests, which are run on the SomaScan Platform, are available as Laboratory-Developed Tests LDT in the United States. 
 Life Sciences 
 Our business model is currently focused on customers conducting life sciences research or biopharmaceutical development. Our assay services delivered to the research market are focused on pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, and academic and government research institutions. We facilitate drug development, analysis of clinical trials and new human biology insights by assessing protein-protein and protein-gene interaction networks. In addition to providing protein data for research customer use, as of December 31, 2022, we offered 29 SomaSignal RUO protein-pattern recognition tests covering multiple applications, including facilitation of clinical trials (patient inclusion/exclusion, therapeutic effects of pharmaceuticals during trials, and other use cases). We continue to work with collaborators to explore new applications of our technology for life sciences research and clinical proteomics. As a result of our significant government- or grant-funded customer base, whose cycles often coincide with government fiscal year ends, our business is subject to significant seasonal factors which may cause sales of our products to vary on a quarterly or yearly basis and increase the magnitude of quarterly or annual fluctuations in our operating results. 
 Diagnostics 
 Our services and products delivered into the clinical market are focused on providing data-driven diagnostic tests aimed at enabling high predictive power of biological disease and risks to patients based on high-plex proteomic measurement and bioinformatics predictive model development. We offered 19 SomaSignal tests for use as LDTs under our Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments CLIA certification as of December 31, 2022. We also have a pipeline of several unique tests that could be developed and use claims targeting multiple applications, including offerings for health and wellness, preventative medical and disease management for pharmaceutical companies, health system providers and payors. We have developed a number of health system partnerships in the United States which we are studying use cases and benefits for SomaSignal tests for patient populations. 
 Recent Developments 
 SomaLogic entered into an exclusive, multi-year partnership pursuant to a Collaboration Agreement (the Collaboration Agreement with Illumina Cambridge. Ltd. Illumina Cambridge and Illumina, Inc. (together with Illumina Cambridge, collectively, Illumina to develop co-branded, distributable Next-Generation Sequencing NGS based proteomic products. As part of the collaboration, which began in early 2022, Illumina began developing NGS-based protein identification and measurement tools to be used in laboratories worldwide and facilitating the development and use of high-plex protein pattern recognition tests. 
 In August 2022, the Company completed its acquisition of Palamedrix, Inc., an innovator in DNA nanotechnology, which the Company intends to leverage as it develops the next generation of the SomaScan Assay and which SomaLogic 
 4 

Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 

 believes will accelerate the SomaScan Platform utilization in global biopharma and academic markets, as well as the emerging proteomic diagnostics space. 
 As part of a broader strategic review of the Company s business and organizational structure in October 2022, the Company s Board appointed Troy Cox, a current director of the Company and veteran executive in the life sciences industry, as Executive Chair of the Board with oversight responsibilities as the Company s principal executive officer. In addition to the new executive leadership of Mr. Cox, and also in connection with the strategic review, in December 2022 the Company also began implementing a strategic reorganization involving, among other things, a workforce reduction and reprioritization of the Company s operating costs and long-term growth strategy, including a renewed focus on the growth of the Company s life sciences business. 
 Proteomics and Existing Technologies 
 Background 
 We believe the value of proteomics remains largely untapped. Over the past decade, the genomics revolution has led to an acceleration of biological insights arising from the development and incorporation into research and clinical medicine of large-scale, high-throughput molecular profiling techniques. Although increased knowledge of biological systems from the standpoint of both genomics and transcriptomics has led to significant scientific advancements and biological discoveries, we believe the critical role of protein function in human biology remains largely unexplored due to several inherent difficulties in proteomics, which do not exist in genomics and which slow technological progress to fully interrogate the proteome, such as the unique characteristics of each protein, including shapes, sizes (20,000 different protein structures versus the fairly simple structure of nucleic acid), half-lives, and presence in myriad locations throughout the human body in organs, tissues and cells (compared to the localization of nucleic acid in the nuclei of cells and in mitochondria). Therefore, unlike DNA, proteins can have unstable and variable chemical structures, and their presence in diverse human biological samples can span an exceptionally large dynamic range. This can make proteins difficult to detect and identify in a sample, especially at low concentrations. We believe that to extract the multidimensional networks of biological information encoded in proteins, researchers generally have to be able to measure many proteins at scale, over a very wide dynamic range, and with a high degree of precision (to suggest otherwise, we believe, would require an assumption that each of the 20,000 known protein-encoding genes selected over millions of years of human evolution is not important to the achievement of a complete understanding of human biology). In addition, we view robust and reproducible proteomic analysis as a requirement for driving adoption of proteomic tests in the clinical setting. Although there are several approaches widely practiced today that can identify and measure a large number of proteins, the ability to capture a sufficiently broad number of proteins with high accuracy and repeatability and therefore enable a more comprehensive picture of the dynamic state of a cell, tissue or organism has presented the life sciences industry with a difficult and ongoing challenge. 
 Key limitations of current proteomics technologies 
 We believe there are currently few widely practiced methodologies for broad interrogation of the proteome, and each has its own specific set of limitations. The key methodologies utilized today include mass spectrometry and antibody-based approaches. Protein sequencing and counting technologies are recent innovations in the field but, generally, are not applied commercially at scale. 
 Our Offerings 
 We are using our platform to target life sciences research and development. Our offerings focused on life sciences research are intended for basic research, target identification and biomarker discovery, as well as translational research and biopharmaceutical development applications. We also have a clinical diagnostics business, through which we have established relationships with several large health systems in the United States. 
 SomaLogic Offerings and Applications 
 We have an established revenue stream from the life sciences research market, which as of December 31, 2022, consists primarily of a service model whereby we receive samples (including from pharmaceutical, biotechnology or academic clients), perform the SomaScan assay, and subsequently use bioinformatics and analytics to further refine the collected data and deliver the results back to the customer. 
 SomaScan Assay . As of December 31, 2022, our SomaScan assay measures approximately 7,000 protein targets in a single sample, with planned development to expand to an approximately 10,000-plex assay for release in late 2023. The SomaScan assay is designed to have breadth (or number of proteins measured), precision, specificity, dynamic range, depth (or lower limits of detection), and throughput. SomaScan assay customers can also gain access to individual SOMAmer reagents for a wide range of follow-up studies, which is a feature we consider to be a unique addition to our research services in comparison to the offerings of other proteomic platforms. 
 SomaScan Certified Sites . The SomaScan Certified Sites program allows global pharmaceutical and biotech companies, academic and core labs, and government research institutions to run our industry leading proteomics platform 
 5 

Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 

 on site with the same precision, robustness, and reproducibility seen in our assay services facility. Certified Sites run the assay on the same equipment as in the SomaLogic Assay Service facility utilizing a reagent based kit. 
 SomaSignal Tests . As of December 31, 2022, we had 19 SomaSignal tests currently available for use as LDT under our CLIA certification, with several more in various stages of development. As of December 31, 2022, we have 29 RUO tests primarily targeting clinical trial applications, such as characterizing and monitoring patients through the clinical trial cycle. We believe our SomaSignal tests will provide health systems and national health services with a leading-edge scientific tool set to allocate resources, risk stratify both populations and individual patients and personalize therapy. 
 SOMAmer Reagents . Customers have been granted licenses to use a limited subset of our SOMAmer reagents and to access to our Systematic Evolution of Ligands by Exponential enrichment SELEX technology in three ways: (i) through the transfer of individual reagents that have been developed by SomaLogic, (ii) through the transfer of custom reagents developed by SomaLogic on behalf of a customer, and (iii) through the development of custom reagents by a customer after receiving a license to perform the SELEX process and to use the subsequently developed reagents. An example of the commercial use of SOMAmer reagents by a licensee of SomaLogic is the inclusion of SOMAmer reagent-based inhibitors of thermophilic enzymes, such as polymerases used in a product category offered by certain biotechnology companies referred to as hot-start PCR amplification. 
 Our Market Opportunity 
 Due to extensive existing applications and broad potential, we believe proteomics represents one of the largest untapped opportunities in the life sciences industry today. Currently, approximately 95 of FDA-approved drugs target a protein, and most other drugs interact with, or are influenced by, signal transduction cascades mediated by proteins. Our platform aims to address a large opportunity across multiple proteomics-based markets and is uniquely designed to attract, capture and retain customers representing a substantial share of each of these markets. With the increasing breadth of our foundational protein assay serving as a source for the development of new products and services, we believe we are well positioned to expand to adjacent markets within proteomics. Our target markets are life sciences research and biopharmaceutical development, and the breadth of our customers and collaborators demonstrate that we are establishing a market presence in both. 
 Our Strategy 
 Our goal is to drive adoption of our integrated platform of proteomic solutions and services in the life sciences research and biopharmaceutical development markets and then expand into other attractive markets. Our strategy centers on lowering barriers to adoption and actively engaging with our broad community of customers and KOLs to accelerate the adoption of proteomics. Our growth strategy includes: 
 Drive adoption of our platform as the industry standard for discovery with life sciences research customers. 
 Create the case for enhanced pharmaceutical development productivity through proteomics, including the use of SomaSignal tests in clinical trials 
 Leverage our database and artificial intelligence and machine learning capabilities to strengthen our value proposition for our customers. 
 Strengthen our partnerships and collaborations to validate our integrated platform and expand its capabilities. 
 Enhance our integrated platform for use in decentralized settings through SomaScan Certified Sites. 
 Build commercial product development and sales channel relationships with Genomics, Transcriptomics and other molecular biology-based testing enterprises. 
 Manufacturing and Supply 
 We depend on our manufacturing and supply chain operations for reagents and other components we use in our products and solutions. Our suppliers and manufacturer are also the primary source of the instruments required to complete our assays and tests. 
 We currently have supply agreements with two single source suppliers, Agilent Technologies, Inc Agilent and Global Life Sciences Solutions USA LLC GLSS ). The agreement with Agilent, which was amended in November of 2021, relates to the supply of a microarray readout system, including slide and supporting reagents, and will terminate in April 2025 subject to the parties agreement to renew the agreement for an additional 2 years. The agreement with GLSS relates to the supply of streptavidin beads and has been extended through December 31, 2023. Additionally, we and our SomaLogic Certified Sites purchase from Tecan Trading AG Tecan the Fluent 780 automated liquid handling instrument to perform the current version of the SOMAscan assay. The SomaScan assay could be adapted to other commercially available automated liquid handling platforms, with suitable development time, if supply of the Tecan Fluent 780 is interrupted in the future. 
 6 

Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 

 Some of our products and services, such as our SomaScan assay, utilize unique components, but the majority of the components that enable our products and services are commonly sourced or off-the-shelf. While we purchase some of the components and materials used in manufacturing our products and performing our services from single-source suppliers, we have qualified second sources for most, but not all, of our critical components and reagents. The loss of any of these suppliers could potentially harm SomaLogic. We believe alternatives would be available; however, it may take time to identify and validate replacement components, which could negatively affect our ability to supply our products and perform our services on a timely basis. To mitigate this risk, we typically carry a significant inventory of our critical components. For further discussion of the risks relating to our third-party suppliers, see the section entitled Risk Factors. 
 Intellectual Property 
 Our success depends in part on our ability to maintain intellectual property protection for our products, services and technology. We utilize a variety of intellectual property protection strategies, including patents, trade secrets, trademarks and other methods of protecting proprietary information. 
 Patents 
 We have an extensive global patent portfolio to protect our proteomics platform, products and services. Our owned and controlled patents and pending applications, if issued, are expected to expire between 2023 and 2042, in each case without taking into account any possible patent term adjustments or extensions and assuming payment of all appropriate maintenance, renewal, annuity or other government fees. Our proprietary, foundational aptamer chemistry and other technology is supported by approximately 950 patents (issued or pending), including granted patents and pending patent applications in-licensed from California Institute of Technology, such patent license assumed from our acquisition of Palamedrix, Inc., and supports unsurpassed sensitivity, specificity, and dynamic range. 
 Trademarks 
 We own various registered trademarks, trademark applications, and unregistered trademarks in the United States and in important markets outside the United States, including our company name and various product and service names, including SomaLogic, SomaSignal, SOMAmer, SomaScan, SomaScan by SomaLogic, and Powered by SomaLogic. Our trademark portfolio is designed to protect the brands for our products and services, both current and in the pipeline. 
 Trade Secrets 
 In addition to our reliance on patent protection for our inventions, products and technologies, we also rely on trade secrets, know-how, confidentiality agreements and continuing technological innovation to develop and maintain our competitive position. For example, most of our aptamers and some elements of our analytical techniques and processes, as well as some of the bioinformatics methodologies and software used to analyze assay data, are based on unpatented trade secrets and proprietary know-how that has not been publicly disclosed. Although we take steps to protect our proprietary information and trade secrets, including through contractual means with our employees, advisors and consultants, these agreements may be breached, and we may not have adequate remedies for any breach. In addition, third parties may independently develop substantially equivalent proprietary information and techniques or otherwise gain access to our trade secrets or disclose our technology. As a result, we may not be able to meaningfully protect and maintain our trade secrets. 
 In-Licensing of Intellectual Property 
 We do not currently rely on any third party in-licensed intellectual property to provide any of our services or products. 
 Out-Licensing of Intellectual Property 
 In June 2008, SomaLogic and New England Biolabs, Inc. NEB entered into an exclusive licensing agreement, whereby SomaLogic provides a license to use certain proprietary information and know-how relating to its aptamer technology to make and use commercial products. SomaLogic received royalties from NEB in exchange for this license. In September 2022, SomaLogic and NEB entered into a license and settlement agreement NEB Agreement that terminated the existing exclusive licensing arrangement and provided for a settlement of 8.0 million of owed royalties. The NEB Agreement also provided a non-exclusive license arrangement for the same proprietary information and know-how under which SomaLogic is guaranteed fixed minimum royalties of 15.0 million to be received over the term of the agreement. The license agreement will terminate in June 2028, after which the intellectual property rights behind the proprietary information and know-how and any previously unexpired licensed patents will have expired. 
 We intend to pursue additional intellectual property protection to the extent we believe it would be beneficial and cost-effective. We cannot provide any assurance any of our current or future patent applications will result in the issuance of patents, or any of our current or future issued patents will effectively protect any of our products, services or technology or prevent others from commercializing infringing products, services or technology. For further discussion of the risks relating to intellectual property, see the section entitled Risk Factors Risks Related to Intellectual Property . 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 

 Collaboration Agreements 
 SomaLogic has several collaboration agreements with collaborators to facilitate various research efforts focused on proteomic profiling of several diseases and conditions. Our current collaborators include many universities and private companies in the biotechnology space. 
 On September 20, 2019, SomaLogic entered into a Master Collaboration Agreement MCA with Novartis Pharma AG, a Swiss company Novartis ), pursuant to which the parties engage in collaborative research efforts to advance the study of proteomic medicine. Under the MCA, SomaLogic agrees to provide SomaScan assay services to Novartis upon Novartis s submission of samples to SomaLogic. Effective January 1, 2023, SomaLogic and Novartis entered into Amendment #2 to Master Collaboration Amendment 2 ), under which the parties extended the term of the MCA until December 31, 2033 unless either earlier terminated by the parties in accordance with the MCA or extended for an additional five (5) years by mutual written agreement. Under the MCA, for services performed after the satisfaction of all Projected Annual Minimums (as defined in the Collaboration Agreement) in accordance with timelines contemplated by the MCA, the fees Novartis and its affiliates pay for samples provided by the Company will increase and, in lieu of annual minimums, Novartis will provide SomaLogic with rolling, non-binding forecasts of its assay requirements on a quarterly basis. 
 On March 30, 2020, SomaLogic entered into a Joint Development Commercialization Agreement (the JDCA with NEC Solution Innovators, Ltd. NES ). Under the JDCA, NES was granted (1) a ten (10) year exclusive license to certain of SomaLogic s intellectual property to develop and commercialize tests in Japan for human healthcare management, which will convert to a non-exclusive license at the end of the ten (10) year period of exclusivity and then continue for the remainder of the term of the agreement; and (2) a non-exclusive license to develop and commercialize in Japan non-healthcare life sciences tests that employ SomaScan services in exchange for annual payments for five (5) years and revenue sharing payments over the term of the agreement. Under the agreement, NES grants SomaLogic an exclusive license under NES and its affiliates technology and under any joint technology or patents to develop and commercialize tests in the rest of the world. 
 On October 13, 2020, SomaLogic entered into an Amended and Restated Master SomaScan Discovery Services Agreement MSDS with Amgen Inc., a Delaware corporation based in California Amgen ), pursuant to which SomaLogic agrees to use its SomaScan assay technology to study protein samples provided by Amgen and provides reports for such studies, as outlined in individual statements of work SOWs from time to time. Each individual SOW sets forth the sample requirements, and fees payable to SomaLogic pursuant thereto, that Amgen agrees to supply to SomaLogic in order for SomaLogic to provide SomaScan assay services. The MSDS will terminate on October 13, 2025, unless earlier terminated by the parties in accordance with the MSDS and in any event not until any open SOW is completed. 
 On December 31, 2021, SomaLogic entered into the Collaboration Agreement with Illumina, in connection with the development of the Licensed Products and related commercial arrangements. Under the Collaboration Agreement, SomaLogic grants Illumina rights to use SOMAmer reagents and certain related intellectual property to develop, pursuant to a mutually agreed upon development plan, the Licensed Products, in exchange for, among other things, an upfront payment and certain royalty payments. Unless earlier terminated in accordance with its terms, the Collaboration Agreement will remain in effect until the expiration of the last-to-expire royalty period for the Licensed Products. 
 Employees and Human Capital 
 Fostering and maintaining a strong, healthy culture is a key strategic focus. Our core values reflect who we are and the way our employees interact with one another, our customers, partners and shareholders. We believe this kind of corporate culture results in employees who are happier, more creative, and more productive. 
 As of December 31, 2022, after giving effect to our recent strategic reorganization, we had approximately 451 full-time employees, including a research and development team of more than 94 employees. Most of our employees hold an academic degree, with a significant number also holding advanced degrees. 
 None of our employees are represented by a labor union or covered under a collective bargaining agreement. We have not experienced any material work stoppages and we consider our relationship with our employees to be good, healthy, and transparent. We actively engage with managers to collect feedback and ideas on how to improve our working environment. 
 Our ability to attract, acquire, develop, engage, and retain a diverse workforce is critical for us to execute our strategy and grow our business. We continuously monitor the hiring, retention and management of our employees. We regularly conduct confidential surveys to seek feedback from our employees and use those results to improve our workplace. We attract and reward our employees by providing market competitive compensation and benefit practices, including equity and cash incentives and recognition plans that extend to all levels in our organization. We invest in our workforce through education, training and development programs and offering tuition assistance programs for continuing education. The health and safety of our employees is a key priority, and we are committed to providing and maintaining a safe and healthy working environment. Compliance with environmental, health and safety laws and regulations underlies the basis of applicable programs and policies we have in place. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we implemented and will continue to 
 8 

Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 

 implement measures to ensure the safety of our employees. We are continuously evaluating the guidance from federal and local authorities and have created strict policies and guidelines that put our employees health and safety first. 
 Facilities 
 Our corporate headquarters and laboratory facilities are located in Boulder, Colorado, where we lease approximately 77,000 square feet of space under three leases at 2945 Wilderness Place, 2950 Wilderness Place and 2995 Wilderness Place. One building lease terminates at the end of 2023 and the other two leases have extension options through 2026 and 2036. As a result of the Palamedrix acquisition, we also lease approximately 10,000 square feet of office and laboratory space in La Jolla, California and the lease terminates in 2024. 
 We do not own any real property, and believe our current facilities are sufficient to meet our immediate needs. In anticipation of future growth, we believe we will be able to obtain additional facilities on commercially reasonable terms and on an acceptable timeline. 
 Competition 
 The life sciences market is highly competitive and dynamic. Other companies, both established and early-stage, have indicated they are designing, manufacturing, and marketing products and services for, among other things, multiplexed or high-throughput proteomic analysis. These companies include Nautilus, Olink, Quanterix, Quantum-Si and Seer, among others, each of which has products and services that may compete to varying degrees with some of our services and products. Some of these companies are actively executing their commercial and operating plans, actively commercializing products and services and growing established marketing teams and sales forces. Other competitors are developing technologies for the life sciences market which may lead to services and products that rival or replace our products over time. 
 Our commercial opportunity could be reduced if our competitors develop and commercialize products or services that offer better performance or are more convenient and cost-effective to use than our products or services. However, we believe we are substantially differentiated from our competitors for a multitude of reasons, including our novel approach and platform, the unique and proprietary nature of our aptamer and other technology (developed over more than two decades), our rigorous product development processes and quality of science, our highly experienced and multidisciplinary teams, our breadth of both proteomics-research-enabling and applied clinical solutions, and our access to an immediate growing market with options to expand into adjacent market opportunities over time. 
 Government Regulation 
 Our products are intended for either (1) RUO or (2) clinical use applications; our RUO products are not used for clinical applications. Our customers include entities such as healthcare providers, academic institutions, research laboratories, and biopharmaceutical and biotechnology companies. Our products are used for obtaining proteomics information from pre-clinical or clinical trials, biomarker discovery, and monitoring patients physiological states, among others. 
 Under a long-standing FDA regulation and policy, in vitro diagnostic IVD products intended for research use only are subject to a regulatory classification separate from classifications for products with clinical use applications. In particular, products that are RUO and that comply with certain labeling requirements (e.g., labeling that explains that the product is RUO) are typically not regulated by the FDA as medical devices and are not subject to the regulatory requirements discussed below for clinical diagnostic products. Therefore, in many cases, RUO products can be used or distributed for research use without first obtaining FDA clearance, authorization, or approval. Such products must bear the statement: For Research Use Only. Not for Use in Diagnostic Procedures, and comply with other legal requirements. RUO products cannot make any claims related to safety, effectiveness or diagnostic utility, and they cannot be intended for human clinical diagnostic use. 
 In November 2013, the FDA issued final guidance on products labeled RUO, which, among other things, reaffirmed a company may not make any clinical or diagnostic claims about an RUO product, stating that merely including a labeling statement the product is for research purposes only will not necessarily render the device exempt from the FDA s clearance, approval, or other regulatory requirements if the totality of circumstances surrounding the distribution of the product indicates the manufacturer knows its product is being used by customers for diagnostic uses or the manufacturer intends such a use. A product labeled RUO but intended or promoted for clinical diagnostic use may be viewed by the FDA as adulterated and/or misbranded under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act FDCA and subject to FDA enforcement action. The FDA will consider several factors surrounding distribution and use of an RUO product, including how the product is marketed and to whom, when determining its intended use. If the FDA disagrees with a company s RUO status for its product, the company may be subject to FDA enforcement actions. In addition, the FDA may require the company to seek clearance, authorization or approval for the product. 
 Clinical Diagnostics in the United States 
 In the United States, the FDA defines a medical device as an instrument, apparatus, implement, machine, contrivance, implant, in vitro reagent or other similar or related article, including any component part or accessory, which is (i) intended for 
 9 

Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 

 use in the diagnosis of disease or other conditions, or in the cure, mitigation, treatment, or prevention of disease, in man or other animals, or (ii) intended to affect the structure or any function of the body of man or other animals and which does not achieve any of its primary intended purposes through chemical action within or on the body of man or other animals and which is not dependent upon being metabolized for the achievement of any of its primary intended purposes. Medical devices are subject to extensive regulation by the FDA under the FDCA and its implementing regulations, and other federal and state statutes and regulations. The laws and regulations govern, among other things, medical device design and development, pre-clinical and clinical testing, pre-market clearance, authorization or approval, establishment registration and product listing, product manufacturing, product packaging and labeling, product storage, advertising and promotion, product distribution, recalls and field actions, servicing and post-market clinical surveillance. A number of states in the United States also impose licensing and compliance regimes on companies that manufacture or distribute prescription devices into or within the state. 
 The Federal Trade Commission FTC also oversees the advertising and promotion of SomaLogic s current and future products pursuant to its broad authority to police deceptive advertising for goods or services within the United States. Under the Federal Trade Commission Act, the FTC is empowered, among other things, to (a) prevent unfair methods of competition and unfair or deceptive acts or practices in or affecting commerce; (b) seek monetary redress and other relief for conduct injurious to consumers; and (c) gather and compile information and conduct investigations relating to the organization, business, practices, and management of entities engaged in commerce. In the context of performance claims for products such as SomaLogic s goods and services, compliance with the FTC Act includes ensuring there is scientific data to substantiate the claims being made, the advertising is neither false nor misleading, and any user testimonials or endorsements SomaLogic or its agents disseminate related to the goods or services comply with disclosure and other regulatory requirements. 
 IVDs are a type of medical device and include reagents and instruments used in the diagnosis or detection of diseases, conditions or infections, including, without limitation, the presence of certain chemicals, genetic information or other biomarkers. Predictive, prognostic, and screening tests can also be IVDs. Most medical devices, including IVD products, must undergo pre-market review by and receive clearance, authorization, or approval from the FDA prior to commercialization, unless the device is of a type exempted from such review by statute, regulation, or an FDA exercise of enforcement discretion. 
 The FDA classifies medical devices into three classes based on risk. The level of regulatory control increases from Class I (lowest risk) to Class III (highest risk). Marketing of most Class II and III medical devices within the United States must be preceded either by pre-market notification and FDA clearance pursuant to Section 510(k) of the FDCA or by the granting of a premarket approval application PMA ). Both 510(k) notifications and PMA applications must be submitted to the FDA with significant user fees, although reduced fees for small businesses are available. Class I devices are generally exempt from pre-market review and notification, as are some moderate-risk Class II devices. Manufacturers of all classes of devices must comply with the FDA s Quality System Regulation QSR ), establishment registration, medical device listing, labeling requirements, and medical device reporting MDR regulations, which are collectively referred to as medical device general controls. Class II devices may also be subject to special controls such as performance standards, post-market surveillance, FDA guidelines, or particularized labeling. Some Class I and Class II devices can be exempted by regulation from the requirement of compliance with substantially all of the QSR. The FDA currently exercises enforcement discretion with respect to the regulation of LDTs. 
 Regulation of Laboratory Developed Tests in the United States 
 Our SomaSignal tests are available as LDTs for use in obtaining proteomics information from patients and monitoring patients physiological states, among others. LDTs are generally considered to be tests that are designed, developed, validated and used within a single laboratory. The FDA has historically taken the position that it has the authority to regulate such tests as medical devices under the FDCA, but the FDA has exercised enforcement discretion for certain LDTs and has not required clearance, authorization, or approval of such LDTs prior to marketing, unless the product poses health or safety concerns or the product is a direct-to-consumer test. Laboratories certified as high complexity under CLIA may develop, manufacture, validate and run LDTs. The CLIA requirements are discussed below in the section entitled United States Federal and State Regulation of Laboratories. 
 On October 3, 2014, the FDA issued two draft guidance documents proposing a new regulatory paradigm for oversight of LDTs. These draft guidance documents proposed more active review of LDTs. The draft guidance documents were the subject of considerable controversy, and in November 2016, the FDA announced that it would not be finalizing the 2014 draft guidance documents. On January 13, 2017, the FDA issued a discussion paper which laid out elements of a possible revised future LDT regulatory framework but did not establish any regulatory requirements. Meanwhile, the FDA issued several warning letters against marketers of LDTs, although focusing on issues that the FDA considered to pose high risks to the public. But in August 2020, the Department of Health and Human Services HHS declared that FDA will not be requiring premarket reviews for LDTs unless the FDA issues such a requirement by notice-and-comment rulemaking. Following the change of the administration in 2021, it is not clear what the HHS or FDA policy will be on the regulation of LDTs. Given the changing regulatory requirement, the FDA may decide to take action against certain LDTs on a case-by-case basis if the FDA views them as presenting a risk to patients. The FDA may regulate products that it does not consider to be LDTs as medical devices that are subject to the requirements that are described above. 
 10 

Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 

 United States Federal and State Regulation of Laboratories 
 Given aspects of SomaLogic s business at certain facilities involve acting as a clinical laboratory, SomaLogic is required to hold certain federal and state licenses, certifications and permits to conduct our business. As to federal certifications, CLIA establishes rigorous quality standards for all laboratories that perform testing on specimens derived from humans for the purpose of providing information for the diagnosis, prevention or treatment of disease, or the impairment of, or assessment of health. As a clinical laboratory, SomaLogic must obtain a CLIA certificate based on the complexity of testing performed at the laboratory, such as a Certificate of Compliance for high-complexity testing. CLIA also mandates compliance with various operational, personnel, facilities administration, quality and proficiency requirements, intended to ensure clinical laboratory testing services are accurate, reliable and timely. CLIA compliance and certification is also a prerequisite to be eligible to bill for services provided to government payors and for many private payors. Furthermore, SomaLogic is subject to survey and inspection every two years to assess compliance with program standards and may be subject to additional unannounced inspections. Laboratories performing high-complexity testing are required to meet more stringent requirements than laboratories performing tests that are not as complex. 
 In addition to CLIA requirements, SomaLogic participates in the accreditation program of the College of American Pathologists CAP ). CMS, the agency that oversees CLIA, has deemed CAP standards to be equally or more stringent than CLIA regulations and has approved CAP as a recognized accrediting organization. Inspection by CAP is performed in lieu of CMS inspections for accredited laboratories. Therefore, because SomaLogic is accredited by the CAP Laboratory Accreditation Program, we are deemed to also comply with CLIA. CLIA provides a state may adopt laboratory regulations more stringent than those under federal law, and a number of states have implemented their own more stringent laboratory regulatory requirements. 
 Select states have laboratory regulations that have been deemed by the federal government to be at least as stringent as CLIA, and thus laboratories licensed under those state regimes are exempt from CLIA and the state Department of Health is permitted to issue a CLIA number, along with a state Medical Test Site license, rather than a certificate being issued by CMS. State laws may require that laboratory personnel meet certain qualifications, specify certain quality control procedures, facility requirements or prescribe record maintenance requirements. Several states additionally require the licensure of out-of-state laboratories that accept specimens from those states. For example, New York requires a laboratory to hold a permit, which is issued after an on-site inspection, and approval of each LDT offered by a laboratory, and has various, more stringent requirements than CLIA and CAP, including those for personnel qualifications, proficiency testing, physical facility and equipment and quality control standards. 
 If a clinical laboratory is found to be out of compliance with CLIA certification, CAP accreditation or a state license or permit, the applicable regulatory agency may, among other things, suspend, restrict or revoke the certification, accreditation, license or permit to operate the clinical laboratory, assess civil monetary penalties and impose specific corrective action plans, among other sanctions. 
 United States Fraud and Abuse Laws and Other Compliance Requirements 
 Successfully commercializing our clinical products and services depends on obtaining broad health insurance or third-party payor coverage. Government and private payors institute coverage criteria to ensure the appropriate utilization of products and services and to control costs. Limited third-party payor coverage for a technology or procedure may limit adoption and commercial viability, while broader coverage supports optimal market uptake. These laws can be implicated by inappropriate sales and marketing arrangements with healthcare providers. Many commonly accepted commercial practices are illegal in the healthcare industry and violations of these laws are punishable by criminal and civil sanctions, including, in some instances, exclusion from participation in United States federal and state healthcare programs, including Medicare and Medicaid. These laws may include, but are not limited to, (i) the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, which prohibits persons from knowingly and willfully soliciting, receiving, offering or providing remuneration directly or indirectly to induce either the referral of an individual, or the furnishing, recommending, or arranging of a good or service, for which payment may be made under a federal healthcare program such as Medicare and Medicaid; (ii) the federal False Claims Act, which prohibits knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented a false claim or the knowing use of false statements or records to obtain payment from the federal government; (iii) the federal Physician Self-Referral Law, also referred to as the Stark Law, which prohibits a physician (or an immediate family member of a physician) who has a financial relationship with an entity from referring patients to that entity for certain designated health services, including durable medical equipment and supplies, payable by Medicare, unless an exception applies; (iv) the Civil Monetary Penalties Law, which authorizes the imposition of substantial civil money penalties against an entity that engages in certain prohibited activities including but not limited to violations of the Stark Law or Anti-Kickback Statute, and knowing submission of a false or fraudulent claim; (v) analogous state laws intended to protect against fraud and abuse in the health care industry and more broadly; (vi) the federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act HIPAA of 1996, as amended by the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009, and implementing regulations, which includes criminal prohibitions against healthcare fraud, embezzlement, and making false statements relating to healthcare matters; (vii) the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act FCPA ), which prohibits United States corporations and their representatives from offering, promising, authorizing or making payments to any foreign government official, government staff member, political party or political candidate in an attempt to obtain or retain business abroad; and (viii) the Physician Payment Sunshine Act, which requires manufacturers to track and annually 
 11 

Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 

 report to CMS certain payments and other transfers of value made to United States-licensed physicians or United States teaching hospitals. 
 In addition, there has been a recent trend of increased federal and state regulation of payments and other transfers of value provided to healthcare professionals and entities. Similar to the federal law, certain states also have adopted marketing and/or transparency laws relevant to device manufacturers, some of which are broader in scope. Certain states also mandate that device manufacturers implement compliance programs. Other states impose restrictions on device manufacturer marketing practices and require tracking and reporting of gifts, compensation, and other remuneration to healthcare professionals and entities. The need to build and maintain a robust compliance program with different compliance and/or reporting requirements increases the possibility that a healthcare company may violate one or more of the requirements, resulting in fines and penalties. 
 United States and International Data Security and Data Privacy Laws 
 
 SomaLogic is or in the future may be subject to diverse laws and regulations relating to data privacy and security, including, in the United States, the California Consumer Privacy Act 2018, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act 2020 (collectively, the CCPA and HIPAA, in the United Kingdom UK ), the UK General Data Protection Regulation UK GDPR ), and, in the European Union EU ), Regulation 2016/679, known as the General Data Protection Regulation EU GDPR (the EU and UK GDPR collectively the GDPR ). Some countries, such as Brazil, China, and Japan, have enacted or amended omnibus laws, and others, such as Russia, have also passed laws that require personal data relating to their citizens to be maintained in the country under certain circumstances and impose additional data transfer restrictions. In addition, India is considering proposed new privacy legislation, the Digital Personal Data Protection Act, 2022 PDP ). If enacted, the PDP will overhaul the personal data protection and regulatory regime in India. Complying with these numerous, complex and often changing regulations is expensive and difficult, and failure to comply with any privacy laws or data security laws or any security incident or breach involving the misappropriation, loss or other unauthorized use or disclosure of personal data (including sensitive or confidential patient or consumer information), whether by SomaLogic or a third-party, could have a material adverse effect on SomaLogic s business, reputation, financial condition and results of operations, including but not limited to: material fines and penalties; damages; litigation; consent orders; extensive audits and inspections; bans on all or some processing of personal data carried out by noncompliant actors; and injunctive relief. The GDPR also confers a private right of action on data subjects and consumer associations to lodge complaints with supervisory authorities, seek judicial remedies, and obtain compensation for damages resulting from violations of the GDPR. 
 HIPAA, as well as a number of other federal and state privacy-related laws, extensively regulate the use and disclosure of individually identifiable health information, known as protected health information or PHI. HIPAA applies to health plans, healthcare providers who engage in certain standard healthcare transactions electronically, such as electronic billing, and healthcare clearinghouses, all of which are referred to as covered entities under HIPAA. HIPAA also directly regulates business associates, which are certain types of entities that act as service providers to covered entities and receive or have access to PHI as part of providing the relevant services to the covered entity customer. Business Associates are responsible for complying with certain provisions of HIPAA and can be subject to direct enforcement for violations of HIPAA. State imposed health information privacy and security laws typically apply based on licensure, for example, licensed providers or licensed entities are limited in their ability to use and share health information. 
 Additionally, many states have enacted legislation protecting the privacy and/or security of personal data . These laws overlap in certain circumstances and can apply simultaneously with federal privacy and security requirements and regulated entities must comply with all of them. The CCPA that went into effect January 1, 2020, is one of the most restrictive state privacy laws, protecting a wide variety of personal data and granting significant rights to California residents with respect to their personal data. In dealing with health information for the development of its technology or for commercial purposes, SomaLogic will be affected by HIPAA and state-imposed omnibus and health information privacy and security laws because these laws regulate the ability of SomaLogic s potential customers and research collaborators to share personal data with SomaLogic and may in certain circumstances impose additional direct obligations on SomaLogic. Additionally, SomaLogic must also identify and comply with all applicable state laws for the protection of other types of personal data (e.g., consumer, employee, B2B information) that the company collects. In addition to the CCPA, many other states have proposed similar data privacy and security laws. 
 In the EU and UK, stringent data protection and privacy rules have and will continue to have substantial impact on the use of personal and patient data across the healthcare industry. The GDPR applies across the UK and EU (as well as the European Economic Area) and includes, among other things, a requirement for prompt notice of data breaches to data subjects and supervisory authorities in certain circumstances and significant fines for non-compliance. The GDPR fine framework can be up to 20 million euros, or up to 4 of the company s total global turnover of the preceding fiscal year, whichever is higher. The GDPR sets out a number of requirements that must be complied with when handling the personal data of individuals (i.e., data subjects) in the UK and EU including: providing expanded disclosures about how their personal data will be used; higher standards for organizations to demonstrate that they have obtained valid consent or have another legal basis in place to justify their data processing activities; the obligation to appoint data protection officers in certain circumstances; new rights for individuals to be forgotten and rights to data portability, as well as enhanced current rights (e.g., access requests); the principal of accountability and demonstrating compliance through policies, procedures, training and audit; and the new mandatory data breach regime. In particular, medical or health data, genetic data and biometric data, 
 12 

Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 

 where the latter is used to uniquely identify an individual, are all classified as special category data under the GDPR and are afforded greater protection and require additional compliance obligations. Noncompliance could result in the imposition of fines, penalties, or orders to stop noncompliant activities. SomaLogic is subject to the GDPR since we offer products or services to individuals in the UK an EU or otherwise enter into contracts with UK and EU entities that handle the collection and processing of data of individuals within the UK and EU. 
 
 SomaLogic could also be subject to evolving UK and EU laws on data export, for transfers of data outside the UK and EU to itself or third parties. The GDPR only permits transfers of data outside the UK and EU to jurisdictions that ensure an adequate level of data protection. The United States has not been deemed to offer an adequate level of protection, so in order for SomaLogic to transfer personal data from the UK and EU to the United States, SomaLogic must identify a legal basis for data transfer (e.g., the European Union Commission and the UK s Information Commission Officer approved Standard Contractual Clauses) and any supplementary measures taken, or to be taken, to provide an adequate level of protection for the data. On July 16, 2020, the Court of Justice of the European Union or the CJEU, issued a landmark opinion in the case Maximilian Schrems vs. Facebook (Case C-311/18), called Schrems II. This decision (a) calls into question commonly relied upon data transfer mechanisms as between the EU member states and the United States (such as the Standard Contractual Clauses) and (b) invalidates the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield, an adequacy decision on which many companies had relied as an acceptable mechanism for transferring such data from the EU to the United States. The CJEU is the highest court in Europe and the Schrems II decision heightens the burden on data exporters and data importers to assess United States national security laws on their business and future actions of EU data protection authorities are difficult to predict. Negotiations are underway between the US and EU for the approval of a new data privacy framework Framework whereby companies that adhere to the Framework will be able to receive EU personal data without having to put in place additional transfer safeguards. The Framework, if ultimately approved by the European Commission, will almost certainly face legal challenge. 
 
 In China, rules relating to personal data protection and data security are part of a complex framework and are found across various laws and regulations. The three main pillars of the personal data protection framework in China are the Personal Information Protection Law PIPL ), the Cybersecurity Law CSL ), and the Data Security Law DSL ). The DSL came into force on September 1, 2021, and focuses on data security across a broad category of data (not just personal data). Most significantly, the PIPL came into effect on November 1, 2021. The PIPL is the first comprehensive, national level personal data protection law in the China. The PIPL mirrors certain provisions found under the GDPR such as the purpose limitation principle, the concept of a data protection officer, data subject rights, the requirement to conduct data protection impact assessments, and restrictions on data exports. With respect to data exports, China has adopted its own standard contractual clauses which qualifying businesses can use to legitimize their data exports. 
 Other Governmental Regulation 
 SomaLogic is subject to laws and regulations related to the protection of the environment, the health and safety of employees and the handling, transportation and disposal of medical specimens, infectious and hazardous waste and radioactive materials. For example, the United States Occupational Safety and Health Administration, or OSHA, has established extensive requirements relating specifically to workplace safety for employers in the United States. This includes requirements to develop and implement multi-faceted programs to protect workers from exposure to blood-borne pathogens, including preventing or minimizing any exposure through needle stick injuries. For purposes of transportation, some biological materials and laboratory supplies are classified as hazardous materials and are subject to regulation by one or more of the following agencies: the United States Department of Transportation, the United States Public Health Service, the United States Postal Service and the International Air Transport Association. We generally use third-party vendors to dispose of regulated medical waste, hazardous waste and radioactive materials that we may use during our research. 
 International Laws and Regulations for IVD Products 
 Whether or not we are required to comply with requirements for marketing clinical diagnostic products in the United States, we anticipate that we will still be required to obtain the requisite approvals from regulatory authorities in non-United States countries prior to the marketing of any product for clinical diagnostic use in those countries. The regulations in other jurisdictions vary from those in the United States and may be easier or more difficult to satisfy and are subject to change. For example, the EU published in 2017 new regulations that will result in greater regulation of medical devices and IVDs. This new IVD regulation new IVD Regulation is significantly different from the European directive for in vitro diagnostic products that it replaces in that it will ensure that the new requirements apply uniformly and on the same schedule across the member states, include a risk-based classification system and increase the requirements for conformity assessment. The new IVD Regulation will become fully applicable in May 2022, and it will increase the requirements for covered products and involve conformity assessments done by third parties that are designated under the IVD Regulation as notified bodies. 
 Outside of the EU, regulatory authorization needs to be sought on a country-by-country basis in order for us to market any clinical diagnostic products. Some countries have adopted medical device regulatory regimes, such as the Classification Rules for Medical Devices published by the Hong Kong Department of Health, the Health Sciences Authority of Singapore regulation of medical devices under the Health Products Act, and Health Canada s risk classification system for invasive devices, among others, that incorporate IVD products like the FDA s current system. Each country may have its own 
 13 

Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 

 processes and requirements for IVD licensing, approval/clearance, and regulation, therefore requiring us to seek any regulatory approvals on a country-by-country basis. 
 Implications of Being an Emerging Growth Company 
 We are an emerging growth company as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, or the JOBS Act. As an emerging growth company, we may take advantage of specified reduced disclosure and other requirements that are otherwise applicable generally to public companies. We also qualify as a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K under the Exchange Act, and as such we may also take advantage of specified reduced disclosure and other requirements that are available to smaller reporting companies. 
 We may choose to take advantage of some, but not all, of the available exemptions. We have taken advantage of certain reduced reporting obligations in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. These include extended transition periods for complying with new or revised accounting standards, an attestation of our internal controls as required by Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, providing only two years of audited financial statements, and scaled disclosures in our MD A. Accordingly, the information contained herein may be different than the information you receive from other public companies in which you hold stock. To the extent we take advantage of any reduced disclosure obligations, it may make comparison of our financial statements with other public companies difficult or impossible. 
 Available Information 
 The Company is headquartered in Boulder, Colorado. Our principal executive offices are located at 2945 Wilderness Place, Boulder, CO 80301, and our telephone number at that address is (303) 625-9000. 
 Our website address is www.somalogic.com. Information contained on our website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and you should not consider information contained on our website to be part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in deciding whether to purchase shares of our common stock. The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC maintains an internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gov. Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to reports filed or furnished pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Exchange Act are also available free of charge on our investor relations website as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 Summary of Risk Factors 
 In evaluating an investment in our securities, investors should carefully read the risks described below, this report and especially consider the factors discussed in the section entitled Risk Factors. If any of the following events occur, our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. Such risks include, but are not limited to: 
 We expect to make significant investments in our continued research and development of new services and products, which may not be successful. 
 We have incurred losses since we were formed and we may incur losses in the future. 
 Seasonality may cause fluctuations in our revenue and results of operations. 
 We may need to raise additional capital to fund commercialization plans for our services and products, including manufacturing, sales and marketing activities, expand investments in research and development and commercialize new products and applications. 
 Our ability to use our net operating losses and certain other tax attributes may be limited. 
 Our operating results have in the past fluctuated significantly and may continue to fluctuate significantly in the future, which makes our future operating results difficult to predict and could cause our operating results to fall below expectations or any guidance we may provide. 
 Our current and future services and products may never achieve significant commercial market acceptance. 
 Errors or defects in our services or products could harm our reputation, decrease market acceptance of our services or products or expose us to product liability claims. 
 Our business will depend significantly on research and development spending by pharmaceuticals, biotechnology, and academic, governmental and other research institutions, and any reduction in spending could limit demand for 
 14 

Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 

 our services and products and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
 The life sciences industry is subject to rapid change, which could make our proteomics platform and related services and products that we develop obsolete. 
 Any disruption at our current headquarters and laboratory facility could negatively impact our business. 
 Our reliance on distributors for sales of our services and products in certain geographies outside of the United States could limit or prevent us from selling our services and products and impact our revenue. 
 A significant disruption in our information technology systems or the failure to maintain the integrity of our computer hardware, software and internet applications and related tools and functions could result in damage to our reputation, data integrity and/or subject us to costs, fines or lawsuits under data privacy or other laws or contractual requirements. 
 We rely on assumptions and estimates and data to calculate certain of our key metrics, and real or perceived inaccuracies in such metrics may harm our reputation and negatively affect our business. 
 Our current revenues are derived almost entirely from our research-based business operations with a limited number of customers and collaborators in a concentrated and competitive business sector. 
 The Company identified material weaknesses in our internal controls over financial reporting. If our remediation measures are ineffective, or if we experience additional material weaknesses in the future or otherwise fail to maintain an effective system of internal control in the future, we may not be able to report our financial condition or results of operations accurately or on a timely basis, which may adversely affect investor confidence in us and, as a result, the value of our Common Stock. 
 We have limited experience producing and supplying our products. We may be unable to consistently manufacture our products or source our components to the necessary specifications or in quantities necessary to meet demand. 
 Our research and development efforts will be hindered if we are not able to contract with third parties for access to samples. 
 We rely on a limited number of suppliers for some of the equipment and materials, or components thereof, that we use for our services and products and the loss of such suppliers could adversely impact our business. 
 Certain aspects of our business rely on relationships with collaborative partners, distributors and other third parties and such collaborative partners or other third parties could fail to perform sufficiently. 
 We may experience problems with supply chain efficiencies, manufacturing processes, or logistical management, which could adversely affect our business operations. 
 
 Global economic conditions, including inflation and supply chain disruptions, may negatively impact our business operations and financial results. 
 
 Intellectual property rights do not necessarily protect us from all potential threats. 
 Claims by third parties that we infringe or misuse their proprietary technology could subject us to significant liability. 
 Involvement in lawsuits to defend against third-party claims of intellectual property infringement, or to enforce or defend our intellectual property rights against infringers, could be time-intensive and costly. 
 Confidentiality and trade secret protection agreements with employees and others may not adequately prevent disclosure of trade secrets and protect other proprietary information. 
 If we cannot license rights to use technologies on reasonable terms, we may not be able to commercialize new services and products in the future. 
 Our use of open source software could compromise our ability to offer our services and subject us to possible litigation. 
 We rely on strategic collaboration and licensing arrangements with third parties for research and development of commercial products and to further develop intellectual property. We may not be able to successfully establish and maintain such intellectual property. 
 15 

Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 

 Our business is subject to state, federal and foreign regulations, including regulations related to data privacy and security, intellectual property, environmental health and safety, consumer protection, false or fraudulent claims, anti-bribery, and laboratory licensing, that could result in compliance costs. 
 Changes in regulations or violations of regulations may, directly or indirectly, reduce our revenue, adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition and harm our business. 
 Our employees, principal investigators, consultants and collaborators may engage in misconduct or other improper activities, including non-compliance with regulatory standards and requirements and insider trading. 
 Our disclosure controls and procedures may not prevent or detect all errors or acts of fraud. 
 The requirements of being a public company may strain our resources. 
 Our principal stockholders and management own a significant percentage of our Common Stock and will be able to exercise significant influence over matters subject to stockholder approval. 
 We do not expect to pay dividends for the foreseeable future. 
 Investors may never obtain a return on their investment. 
 The price of our Common Stock and Public Warrants may be volatile. 
 RISK FACTORS 
 You should carefully review and consider the following risk factors and the other information contained in report, including the financial statements and notes to the financial statements included herein and the section entitled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, before deciding whether to invest in our securities. We cannot assure you that any of the events discussed below will not occur. These events could have a material and adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. In such event, the trading price of our Common Stock could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. The risks and uncertainties described below represent the material risks known to us, but they are not the only ones we face. We may face additional risks and uncertainties that are not presently known to us, or that we currently deem immaterial, which may also impair our business or financial condition. The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and notes to the financial statements included herein. Unless expressly indicated or the context requires otherwise, the terms SomaLogic, the Company, we, us and our in this filing refer to SomaLogic, Inc., and where appropriate, our wholly-owned subsidiaries. Some statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including statements in the following risk factors, constitute forward-looking statements. Please refer to Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. 
 Risks Related to Our Business and Industry 
 We expect to make significant investments in our continued research and development of new services and products, which may not be successful. 
 We have a library of thousands of protein target measurements and plan to increase our library to approximately 10,000 protein target measurements in late 2023, and an even greater number over time. We also plan to invest in our sales and marketing infrastructure to grow our customer base and sell more products and services to existing customers. We expect to incur significant expenses to advance these development efforts, but they may not be successful. Even if we are ultimately successful in these efforts, our gross margins may suffer as we invest in advance of potential revenue growth. Further, despite our plans to increase our library of protein targets over time, we cannot guarantee this trajectory. 
 Products, services or software that initially show promise may fail to achieve the desired results or may not achieve acceptable levels of analytical accuracy or clinical utility. We may need to alter our products in development and repeat studies before we identify a potentially successful product or service. Product development is expensive, may take years to complete and can have uncertain outcomes. Failure can occur at any stage of the development. If, after development, a product appears successful, we or our collaborators may, depending on the nature of the product, need to obtain the United States Food and Drug Administration (the FDA ), European Medicines Agency EMA and other regulatory clearances, authorizations or approvals before we can market the product. The FDA s and EMA s clearance, authorization or approval pathways are likely to involve significant time, as well as additional research, development and clinical study expenditures. The FDA, EMA or other applicable regulatory authority may not clear, authorize or approve any future product we develop. Even if we develop a product that receives regulatory clearance, authorization or approval, we or our collaborators would need to commit substantial resources to commercialize, sell and market the product before it could be profitable, and the product or service may never be commercially successful. Additionally, development of any product or service may be disrupted or made less viable by the development of competing products or services. 
 16 

Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 

 New potential products and services may fail at any stage of development or commercialization and if we determine that any of our current or future services, products or software is unlikely to succeed, we may abandon them without any return on our investment. If we are unsuccessful in developing additional services, products or software, our potential for growth may be impaired. 
 We have incurred losses since we were formed and we may incur losses in the future. 
 We have incurred net losses since we were formed. We may incur additional losses in the future as we plan to invest significant additional funds toward expansion of our commercial organization, the improvement and development of our technology and new product and service development. We may incur additional losses in the future for a number of other reasons, many of which are beyond our control, including the other risks described in this Risk Factors section, the market acceptance of our new services, future service development and our market penetration and margins. Our failure to become profitable could depress the value of our Common Stock, could impair our ability to raise capital, expand our business, maintain our research and development efforts or continue our operations. A decline in the value of our Common Stock could also cause you to lose all or part of your investment. 
 
 Seasonality may cause fluctuations in our revenue and results of operations. 
 We operate on a December 31 fiscal year end and believe that there are significant seasonal factors which may cause sales of our products to vary on a quarterly or yearly basis and increase the magnitude of quarterly or annual fluctuations in our operating results. We believe that this seasonality results from a number of factors, such as customer purchasing cycles - the procurement and budgeting cycles of many of our customers, especially government- or grant-funded customers, whose cycles often coincide with government fiscal year ends or biopharmaceutical companies whose approved budget expires by year end. These factors have contributed, and may contribute in the future, to substantial fluctuations in our quarterly operating results, which may cause our operating results in some quarters to fall below the expectations of securities analysts or investors. These fluctuations, among other factors, also mean that our operating results in any particular period may not be relied upon as an indication of future performance. Seasonal or cyclical variations in our sales have in the past, and may in the future, become more or less pronounced over time, and have in the past materially affected, and may in the future materially affect, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 We may need to raise additional capital to fund commercialization plans for our services and products (including manufacturing, sales and marketing activities), expand investments in research, and development, and commercialize new products and applications. 
 Our operations have consumed substantial amounts of cash since inception. We expect to expend substantial additional amounts to continue to commercialize our services and products and to develop new ones, and may require additional capital to do so. In addition, our operating plans may change as a result of many factors that may currently be unknown to us, and we may need to seek additional funds sooner than planned. 
 We cannot guarantee that future financing will be available in sufficient amounts or on terms acceptable to us, if at all. Moreover, the terms of any future financing may adversely affect the holdings or the rights of new stockholders and the issuance of additional securities, whether equity or debt, by us, or the possibility of such issuance, may cause the market price of our Common Stock to decline. The incurrence of indebtedness could result in increased fixed payment obligations, and we may be required to agree to certain restrictive covenants, such as limitations on our ability to incur additional debt, limitations on our ability to acquire, sell or license intellectual property rights and other operating restrictions that could adversely impact our ability to conduct our business. We could also be required to seek funds through arrangements with collaborative partners or otherwise at an earlier stage than otherwise would be desirable, and we may be required to relinquish rights to some of our technologies or products or otherwise agree to terms that are unfavorable to us, any of which may have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and prospects. In addition, raising additional capital through the issuance of equity or convertible debt securities would cause dilution to holders of our equity securities, and may affect the rights of then-existing holders of our equity securities. Even if we believe that we have sufficient funds for our current or future operating plans, we may seek additional capital if market conditions are favorable or if it has specific strategic considerations. 
 Our ability to use our net operating losses and certain other tax attributes may be limited. 
 
 Under legislation enacted in 2017, informally titled the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, as modified by the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act, or CARES Act, unused federal net operating losses NOLs generated in tax years beginning after December 31, 2017, will not expire and may be carried forward indefinitely, and generally may not be carried back to prior taxable years, except that under the CARES Act, net operating losses generated in 2018, 2019 and 2020 may be carried back five taxable years. Additionally, the deductibility of such federal NOLs in tax years beginning after December 31, 2020, is limited to 80 of taxable income. Similar provisions of state tax law may also apply, for example, the state of Colorado conforms to the 80 limitation under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. In addition, under Sections 382 and 383 of the Code, if a corporation undergoes an ownership change, generally defined as a cumulative change of more than 50 percentage points (by value) in its equity ownership by certain stockholders over a three-year period, the corporation s ability 
 17 

Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 

 to use its pre-change NOL carryforwards and other pre-change tax attributes (such as research tax credits) to offset its post-change income or taxes may be limited. We may experience ownership changes in the future as a result of shifts in our stock ownership (some of which may be outside our control). As a result, if we earn net taxable income, our ability to use our pre-change NOL carryforwards to offset such taxable income may be subject to limitations. Similar provisions of state tax law may also apply to limit our use of accumulated state tax attributes. As a result, even if we attain profitability, we may be unable to use a material portion of our NOL carryforwards and other tax attributes, which could adversely affect our future cash flows. 
 Our operating results have in the past fluctuated significantly and may continue to fluctuate significantly in the future, which makes our future operating results difficult to predict and could cause our operating results to fall below expectations or any guidance we may provide. 
 Our quarterly and annual operating results may fluctuate significantly, which makes it difficult for us to predict our future operating results. These fluctuations may occur due to a variety of factors, many of which are outside of our control, including but not limited to the various other factors described elsewhere in this Risk Factors section. 
 
 The cumulative effects of such factors could result in large fluctuations and unpredictability in our quarterly and annual operating results. As a result, comparing our operating results on a period-to-period basis may not be meaningful. Investors should not rely on our past results as an indication of our future performance. 
 This variability and unpredictability could also result in our failing to meet the expectations of industry or financial analysts or investors for any period. 
 Our current and future services and products may never achieve and sustain sufficient commercial market acceptance. 
 Our success depends on the market s confidence that we can provide products and services that aid in research efforts directed at the better understanding of human biology, and enable better biopharmaceutical development. Failure of our services and products, or those jointly developed with our collaborators, to perform as expected could significantly impair our operating results and our reputation. We believe academic institutions and biopharmaceutical companies are likely to be particularly sensitive to defects, errors, inaccuracies, delays in or associated with our services. We and our collaborators may not succeed in achieving and sustaining sufficient commercial market acceptance for our current or future services and products due to a number of factors, including: 
 the impact of our investments in service and product innovation and commercial growth; 
 our ability to demonstrate the utility of our platform and related services and their potential advantages over existing technologies to academic institutions, biopharmaceutical companies and the medical community; 
 our ability, and that of our collaborators, to comply with regulatory requirements; and 
 the rate of adoption of our services and products by academic institutions, key opinion leaders, advocacy groups and key customers and potential customers. 
 Additionally, our customers and collaborators may decide to decrease or discontinue their use of our services due to changes in their research and development plans, financial constraints, the regulatory environment, negative publicity about our services or competing products both of which are circumstances outside of our control. We may not be successful in addressing these or other factors that might affect the market acceptance of our services and technologies. Failure to achieve widespread market acceptance of our services and products could materially harm our business, revenues, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Errors or defects in our services or products could harm our reputation, decrease market acceptance of our services or products or expose us to product liability claims. 
 We are creating new services and products. The testing processes utilize a number of complex and sophisticated biochemical, informatics, optical and mechanical processes, many of which are highly sensitive to external factors. An operational or technology failure in one of these complex processes or fluctuations in external factors may result in less efficient processing or variation between testing runs. Refinements to our processes may initially result in unanticipated issues that reduce the efficiency or increase variability. In particular, sequencing, which is a key component of these processes, could be inefficient with higher than expected variability thereby increasing total sequencing costs and reducing the number of samples we can process in a given time period. Therefore, inefficient or variable processes can cause variability in our operating results and damage our reputation. 
 In addition, our laboratory operations could result in any number of errors or defects. Our quality assurance system may fail to prevent us from inadvertent problems with samples, sample quality, lab processes including sequencing, software, data upload or analysis, raw materials, reagent manufacturing, assay quality or design, or other components or processes. In addition, our assays may have quality or design errors, and we may have inadequate procedures or instrumentation to 
 18 

Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 

 process samples, assemble our proprietary primer mixes and commercial materials, upload and analyze data, or otherwise conduct our laboratory operations. We believe our customers are likely to be particularly sensitive to service and product defects, errors and delays. In drug discovery, such errors may interfere with our customers clinical studies or result in adverse safety or efficacy profiles for their products in development. This may harm our customers businesses and may cause us to incur significant costs, divert the attention of key personnel, encourage regulatory enforcement action against us, create a significant customer relations problem for us and cause our reputation to suffer. We may also be subject to warranty and liability claims for damages related to errors or defects in our services or products. Any of these developments could harm our business and operating results. 
 We rely on certain scientific methodologies and metrics to evaluate our services and products, and real or perceived inaccuracies in such metrics or new developments in the industry may adversely affect our reputation and business . 
 As part of achieving commercial market acceptance for our current and future services and products, our management and experts regularly review and use a number of methodologies and metrics, including affinity levels, to evaluate and measure the performance of our services and products. Although we believe that the current science and data available to us, including metrics such as affinity levels, demonstrates that our services and products are superior in the proteomics field, there is always potential that through discoveries, innovations and advances in technology in an emerging field like proteomics, the metrics underlying our assumptions and estimations could be perceived to be inaccurate or misplaced, or our services and products could be proved to be outdated or inferior to new technologies. 
 Our business will depend significantly on research and development spending by pharmaceuticals, biotechnology, and academic, governmental and other research institutions, and any reduction in spending could limit demand for our services and products and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
 We expect that substantially all of our sales revenue in the near term will be generated from sales to pharmaceuticals, biotechnology, and academic, governmental and other research institutions. Much of these customers funding will be provided by various state, federal and international government agencies. As a result, the demand for our services and products will depend upon the research and development budgets of these customers, which are impacted by factors beyond our control, such as: 
 decreases in government funding of research and development; 
 changes to programs that provide funding to research laboratories and institutions, including changes in the amount of funds allocated to different areas of research or changes that have the effect of increasing the length of the funding process; 
 macroeconomic conditions and the political climate; 
 researchers opinions of the utility of our technology platform; 
 citation of our technology platform in published research; 
 potential changes in the regulatory environment; 
 differences in budgetary cycles, especially government- or grant-funded customers, whose cycles often coincide with government fiscal year ends; 
 competitor services and product offerings or pricing; 
 market-driven pressures to consolidate operations and reduce costs; and 
 market acceptance of relatively new technologies. 
 In addition, various state, federal and international government agencies that provide grants and other funding may be subject to stringent budgetary constraints that could result in spending reductions, reduced grant making, reduced allocations or budget cutbacks, which could jeopardize the ability of these customers, or the customers to whom they provide funding, to purchase our assay services. There is no guarantee that the National Institutes of Health NIH appropriations will not decrease in the future. A decrease in the amount of, or delay in the approval of, appropriations to, or a decrease in the aggregate amount of grants awarded for life sciences research or the redirection of existing funding to other projects or priorities by, NIH or other similar United States or international organizations, such as the Medical Research Council in the United Kingdom, could result in fewer grants benefiting life sciences research. Our operating results may fluctuate substantially due to any such reductions and delays. 
 19 

Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 

 The life sciences industry is subject to rapid change, which could make our proteomics platform and related services and products that we develop obsolete. Our long-term results depend upon our ability to improve existing services and products, and our ability to introduce and market new services and products successfully. 
 Our business is dependent on the continued improvement of our existing services and products and our development of new services and products utilizing our existing technology or other potential future technology. As we introduce new services and products or refine, improve or upgrade versions of existing services and products, we cannot predict the level of market acceptance or the amount of market share these services and products will achieve, if any. We cannot assure you that we will not experience material delays in the introduction of new services and products in the future. 
 We generally sell our services and products in industries that are characterized by rapid technological changes, frequent new product introductions and changing industry standards. If we do not develop new services and products and service enhancements based on technological innovation on a timely basis, our services and products may become obsolete over time and our revenues, cash flow, profitability and competitive position will suffer. Our success will depend on several factors, including our ability to: 
 correctly identify customer needs and preferences and predict future needs and preferences; 
 allocate our research and development funding to services and products with higher growth prospects; 
 anticipate and respond to our competitors development of new services and products and technological innovations; 
 innovate and develop new technologies and applications, and acquire or obtain rights to third party technologies that may have valuable applications in the markets we serve; 
 successfully commercialize new technologies in a timely manner, price them competitively and manufacture and deliver sufficient volumes of new services and products of appropriate quality on time; and 
 convince customers to adopt new technologies. 
 In addition, if we fail to accurately predict future customer needs and preferences or fail to produce viable technologies, we may invest heavily in research and development of services and products that do not lead to significant revenue. Even if we successfully innovate and develop new services and products and service enhancements, we may incur substantial costs in doing so, and our profitability may suffer. 
 Our ability to develop new services and products based on innovation can affect our competitive position and often requires the investment of significant resources. Difficulties or delays in research, development or production of new products and services or failure to gain market acceptance of new services and products and technologies may reduce future revenues and adversely affect our competitive position. 
 The majority of our operations and laboratory processes are currently conducted at a single location and any disruption at our facility could negatively impact our operations and increase our expenses. 
 Our headquarters in Boulder, Colorado contains nearly all of our corporate and administrative functions, the majority of our research, laboratory facilities, and all of our in-house manufacturing. A natural or man-made disaster or casualty event could cause substantial delays or other disruptions in our operations, damage or destroy our manufacturing equipment or inventory, and cause us to incur additional expenses. The inability to perform our laboratory processes or to reduce the backlog that could develop if our facilities are inoperable, for even a short period of time, may result in the loss of customers or harm to our reputation, and we may be unable to regain those customers or repair our reputation in the future. 
 Additionally, although we maintain insurance that may cover certain losses in connection with a fire and certain types of other casualty events, we cannot be certain our insurance coverage will be adequate for losses actually incurred, that insurance will continue to be available to us on commercially reasonable terms, or at all, or that any insurer will not deny coverage as to any future losses. One or more large losses that exceed available insurance coverage, or the occurrence of changes in our insurance policies, including premium increases or the imposition of large deductible requirements, could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our financial condition, results of operations and reputation. 
 If we are unable to support demand for our commercial assay services, our business could suffer. 
 As demand for our assay services grows, we will need to continue to scale our assay capacity and processing technology in order to support our data retention. We will also need to expand customer service, billing and systems processes and enhance our internal quality assurance program in order to support demand for assay services. We will also need additional certified laboratory scientists and other scientific and technical personnel to process higher volumes of samples. We cannot guarantee that any increases in scale, related improvements and quality assurance will be successfully implemented or that appropriate personnel will be available. 
 20 

Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 

 Further, our data and bioinformatics platform leverages third parties heavily for day-to-day operations. If we cannot expand capabilities or have any issues relying on third parties it could negatively impact our growth and our business. Additionally, if there are advancements in artificial intelligence technologies that we do not have access to or the ability to use and our competitors can use them then they may create a superior or more desirable service. 
 Failure to implement necessary procedures, transition to new processes or hire the necessary personnel could result in higher costs of processing samples, quality control issues or inability to meet demand. There can be no assurance that we will be able to perform our assay services on a timely basis at a level consistent with demand, or that our efforts to scale our operations will not negatively affect the quality of assay services results. If we encounter difficulty meeting market demand or quality standards, our reputation could be harmed and our future prospects and our business could suffer. 
 Certain aspects of our business rely on relationships with collaborative partners, distributors and other third parties in certain geographies outside of the United States for development, supply and marketing of certain services and potential services, and such collaborative partners or other third parties could fail to perform sufficiently and could limit or prevent us from selling our services and products and impact our revenue. 
 We believe that success in penetrating certain geographic markets and maximizing the commercial opportunity for our business internationally depends in part on our ability to develop and maintain relationships with key third-party distributors of our services and products. Most of our distribution relationships are non-exclusive and permit such distributors to distribute competing services. Relying on distribution relationships is risky because, among other things, our distributors may: not devote sufficient resources to the sales of our services and products; fail to obtain approvals necessary to distribute our services and products; be acquired by other companies and terminate our distribution agreements or become insolvent; decline to renew existing agreements on acceptable terms or choose to favor marketing the services of our competitors. Because these and other factors may be beyond our control, the distribution of our services and products in certain jurisdictions may be delayed or otherwise adversely affected. If we or any of our distributors terminate a distribution agreement, we may be required to devote additional resources to commercialization and distribution, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. If current or future distributors do not perform adequately or we are unable to enter into effective arrangements with distributors in particular geographic areas, we may not realize long-term international revenue growth. 
 A significant disruption in our information technology systems or the failure to maintain the confidentiality, integrity and availability of our computer hardware, software and internet applications and related tools and functions, could result in damage to our reputation, data integrity and/or subject us to costs, fines or lawsuits under data privacy or other laws or contractual requirements. 
 
 We rely on information technology IT systems to keep financial records, manage our manufacturing operations, fulfill customer orders, capture laboratory data, maintain corporate records, communicate with staff and external parties and operate other critical functions. Our IT systems, and those of our vendors, are potentially vulnerable to disruption due to breakdown, malicious intrusion and computer viruses or other disruptive events including but not limited to natural disaster. If we were to experience a prolonged system disruption in our IT systems or those of certain of our vendors, it could negatively impact our ability to serve our customers, which could adversely impact our business. Although we maintain offsite back-ups of our data, if operations at our facilities were disrupted, it could cause a material disruption in our business if we are not capable of restoring function on an acceptable timeframe. See also risk factor - The Company identified material weaknesses in our internal controls over financial reporting. If our remediation measures are ineffective, or if we experience additional material weaknesses in the future or otherwise fail to maintain an effective system of internal control in the future, we may not be able to report our financial condition or results of operations accurately or on a timely basis, which may adversely affect investor confidence in us and, as a result, the value of our Common Stock. 
 
 In addition, our IT systems, and those of our vendors, are potentially vulnerable to hacking, social engineering, phishing, or other causes could lead to the accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure of, or access to confidential information, trade secrets or other intellectual property, or personal information (including sensitive personal information) of our employees, customers and others Security Incident ). The techniques used by criminal elements to attack computer systems are sophisticated, change frequently and may originate from less regulated and remote areas of the world. As a result, we may not be able to address these techniques proactively or implement adequate preventative measures. We are also reliant on the quality of our training of employees to allow them to spot and appropriately respond to cyber security threats. We have been subject to a number of phishing attempts and require employees to remain vigilant to ensure that such attempts are unsuccessful. A Security Incident could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, a Security Incident could result in legal claims, investigations or proceedings by governmental entities or private parties and/or related fines and penalties, and liability under laws or regulations, including US federal and state data protection regulations and the GDPR (as defined below), and other regulations. For extensive breaches, notice may need to be made to the media or state Attorneys General. Such a notice could harm our brand and reputation and adversely affect our ability to compete. These breaches and other inappropriate access can be difficult to detect, and any delay in identifying them may lead to increased harm of the types described above. We expect to continue to expend significant resources to protect against, and where appropriate respond to and remediate, Security Incidents. 
 21 

Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 

 Although we maintain insurance that may cover certain liabilities and losses in connection with a security breach or other security incident, we cannot be certain our insurance coverage will be adequate for liabilities or losses actually incurred, that insurance will continue to be available to us on commercially reasonable terms, or at all, or that any insurer will not deny coverage as to any future claim. The successful assertion of one or more large claims against us or experience of losses that exceed available insurance coverage, or the occurrence of changes in our insurance policies, including premium increases or the imposition of large deductible requirements, could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our financial condition, results of operations and reputation. 
 We rely on assumptions and estimates and data to calculate certain of our key metrics, and real or perceived inaccuracies in such metrics may harm our reputation and negatively affect our business. 
 In addition to our financial results, our management regularly reviews a number of operating and financial metrics, including a breakdown of assay services revenue, product revenue and other revenue, and status of pipeline opportunities that represent customers in test, trials, pilots and full deployments, to evaluate our business, measure our performance, identify trends affecting our business, formulate financial projections and make strategic decisions. As both the industry in which we operate and our businesses continue to evolve, so too might the metrics by which we evaluate our businesses. While the calculation of the metrics we use is based on what we believe to be reasonable estimates, our internal tools are not independently verified by a third party and have a number of limitations and our methodologies for tracking these metrics may change over time. Further, our pipeline opportunities may fail to materialize, which may lead to an inability to develop our business at all. Accordingly, investors should not place undue reliance on these metrics. 
 Our current revenues are derived almost entirely from our research-based business operations with a limited number of customers and collaborators in a concentrated and competitive business sector. 
 Our current and largest customer base is primarily composed of pharmaceutical and academic institutions, as well as biopharmaceutical organizations. Given that our current revenues are derived from these concentrated business sectors and a limited number of customers and collaborators our ability to conduct our business and generate revenue could be harmed by the loss of major customers in our research-based business operations, and any events or circumstances that broadly affect research-based sectors within our customer base, including pharmaceuticals, biotechnology, contracted research and academia. Although research-based business is a large sector of the life sciences industry, it is a concentrated sector and our future revenues and success will depend upon our ability to respond to the evolving needs of the marketplace, including among existing customers and collaborators, and through increasing our customer base both in our research-based business and other sectors of the life sciences industry, such as our clinical-based business and direct-to-consumer business operations. Although we have recently experienced success in the life sciences industry, which we believe is in part due to a growing customer base and wider acceptance of our technology, it is not advisable to rely on our past results as an indication of our future performance in a competitive industry where our continued success will be dependent upon our ability to expand our existing customer base and attracting new types of customers. 
 If we were to be sued for product liability or professional liability, we could face substantial liabilities that exceed our resources. 
 The marketing, sale and use of our services and products could lead to the filing of product or professional liability claims were someone to allege that our services or products identified inaccurate, incomplete or untimely information regarding the binding specificity and/or performance of our reagents for their respective protein targets, the performance consistency of our SomaScan assay, or that our services or products otherwise failed to perform as designed or intended. We may also be subject to liability for errors in, a misunderstanding of or inappropriate reliance upon, the information we provide in the ordinary course of our business activities. A product liability or professional liability claim, regardless of merit or eventual outcome, could result in substantial damages and be costly and time-consuming for us to defend, and such claims may result in loss of revenue, injury to our reputation and significant negative media attention, and/or decreased demand for, or inability to commercialize, any products, services or clinical solutions that we have developed or may develop. 
 Although we maintain insurance that may cover certain product liability and professional liability claims, we cannot be certain our insurance coverage will be adequate for claims actually asserted, that insurance will continue to be available to us on commercially reasonable terms, or at all, or that any insurer will not deny coverage as to any future liabilities. One or more large claims that exceed available insurance coverage, or the occurrence of changes in our insurance policies, including premium increases or the imposition of large deductible requirements, could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our financial condition, results of operations and reputation. Any product liability or professional liability claim brought against us, with or without merit, could increase our insurance rates or prevent us from securing insurance coverage in the future. Additionally, any product liability lawsuit could cause current collaborators to terminate existing agreements or potential collaborators to seek other companies, any of which could impact our results of operations. 
 22 

Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 

 We have limited experience producing and supplying our products, we may be unable to consistently manufacture our products or source our components to the necessary specifications or in quantities necessary to meet demand at an acceptable cost or at an acceptable performance level. 
 Our SomaScan assay requires an integrated workstation with many different components that work together. As such, a quality defect in a single component can compromise the performance of the entire solution. In order to successfully generate revenue from our SomaScan assay services, we need to acquire products that meet our expectations for quality and functionality in accordance with established specifications on a timely basis. Our equipment and components are manufactured with complex processes, sophisticated equipment and strict adherence to specifications and quality systems procedures. 
 In order to successfully generate revenue from our services and products, we need to supply our customers with services and products that meet their expectations for quality and functionality in accordance with established specifications. While customer complaints regarding defects in our services and products have historically been low, we have experienced quality control and manufacturing defects in the past. Our ability to generate revenue could be impacted by any future quality control issues. 
 As we continue to grow and introduce new services and products, and as our services and products incorporate increasingly sophisticated technology, it will be increasingly difficult to ensure our services and products are produced in the necessary quantities without sacrificing quality. There is no assurance that we or our third-party suppliers will be able to continue to manufacture our services, products and components thereof so that they consistently achieve the product specifications and quality that our customers expect. Certain of our raw materials are subjected to a shelf life, after which their performance is not ensured. While we have implemented liquid stability and expiry standards, our long-term stability studies are underway and not complete. Use of raw materials that effectively expire early or shipment of defective products or components to customers, or using such defective supplies, products or components in our own labs may result in incorrect assay results, which could increase our costs or damage our reputation with customers, and depending upon current inventory levels and the availability and lead time for additional inventory, could lead to availability issues. Any future design issues, unforeseen manufacturing problems, such as contamination of facilities, equipment malfunctions, aging components, quality issues with components and materials sourced from third-party suppliers, or failures to strictly follow procedures or meet specifications, may have a material adverse effect on our brand, business, financial condition and operating results. If we or our third-party suppliers fail to maintain quality standards or certifications, our customers might choose not to purchase services or products from us. 
 In addition, as we increase manufacturing capacity, we will also need to make corresponding improvements to other operational functions, such as our customer service and billing systems, compliance programs and our internal quality assurance programs. We will also need additional equipment, manufacturing time, warehouse space and trained personnel to process higher volumes of services and products. We cannot assure that any increases in scale, related improvements and quality assurance will be successfully implemented or that equipment, manufacturing and warehouse space and appropriate personnel will be available. As we develop additional services and products, we may need to bring new equipment on-line, implement new systems, technology, controls and procedures and hire personnel with different qualifications. Our ability to increase our manufacturing capacity at our Boulder, Colorado location and in supplying services and products to our customers is complicated by the use of our proprietary equipment that is not readily available from third-party manufacturers. 
 Our research and development efforts could be hindered if we are not able to contract with third parties for access to samples, including sources such as biobanks. 
 Under standard clinical practice, samples collected from patients, including serum, plasma, blood and other tissues, are preserved and stored onsite. We rely on our ability to secure access to these archived samples, as well as information pertaining to the clinical outcomes of the patients from which they were derived for our clinical development activities. Others compete with us for access to these samples. Additionally, the process of negotiating access to archived samples is lengthy because it typically involves numerous parties and approval levels to resolve complex issues such as usage rights, institutional review board approval, privacy rights, publication rights, intellectual property ownership and research parameters. 
 Furthermore, existing legal requirements concerning the collection and archiving of human samples and privacy related thereto, or other legal factors arising in the future, may impact our ability to negotiate access to samples with biobanks, hospitals, clinical partners, pharmaceutical companies, or companies developing diagnostics or therapeutics on a timely basis or on commercially reasonable terms. Other laboratories or our competitors may secure access to archived samples before us, and may therefore delay or limit our ability to research, develop and commercialize future services or products. 
 23 

Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 

 We rely on a limited number of suppliers, or in some cases, a sole supplier, for some of the equipment and materials, or components thereof, that we use for our services and products and the loss of such suppliers or the need to find replacements or immediately transition to alternative suppliers could adversely impact our business. 
 We rely on a limited number of suppliers for equipment and materials, or components thereof, that we use in our services and products or laboratory operations. See Part I, Item 1 Business Manufacturing and Supply for additional details. Any disruption in certain of our supplier s operations, or our inability to negotiate an extension to the applicable agreements on acceptable terms, or at all, or any competitive pressures, could negatively impact our supply chain and operations and our ability to conduct our business and generate revenue. Our suppliers could cease supplying these materials and equipment, or components thereof, at any time, or fail to provide us with sufficient quantities to meet our specifications. Any such interruption could significantly affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and reputation. 
 We believe that there are only a select number of manufacturers other than those we rely on that are currently capable of supplying and servicing the arrays and other equipment and materials necessary for our operations. In the event it becomes necessary to utilize a different contract manufacturer for our products, we would experience additional costs, delays and difficulties in doing so as a result of identifying and entering into an agreement with a new manufacturer as well as preparing such new manufacturer to meet the logistical requirements associated with manufacturing our services and products, and our business would suffer. 
 Additionally, the use of equipment or materials provided by these replacement suppliers could require us to alter our current operations, establish new quality or performance standards, or revalidate our tests. Transitioning to new suppliers could also result in interruptions to our operations and affect our ability to service our customers and collaborators if we encounter delays or difficulties in securing these components, or if the quality of the components supplied do not meet specifications, or if we cannot then obtain an acceptable substitute. Therefore, we cannot assure you that, if we were forced to replace any of our limited or sole suppliers on which we rely, we would be able to secure alternative equipment and materials, or components thereof, or integrate such alternatives or replacements into our business without affecting our services and products or interrupting our current operations and business. If we encounter delays or difficulties in securing, replacing, reconfiguring, or revalidating the equipment and materials, or components thereof, and other supplies we require for our services and products and operations, it could adversely affect our business, revenue, financial condition and reputation. 
 Our suppliers have also been impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic, and we have also experienced supply delays for certain equipment, instrumentation and other supplies that we use for our services and products, as certain medical and testing supplies are otherwise diverted to COVID-19-related uses. If any of these events occur, our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects could be harmed. 
 Certain disruptions in supply of, and changes in the competitive environment for, raw materials integral to the manufacturing of our services and products may adversely affect our profitability. 
 We use a broad range of materials and supplies, including metals, chemicals and other electronic components, in our services and products. A significant disruption in the supply of these materials could decrease production and shipping levels, materially increase our operating costs and materially adversely affect our profit margins. Shortages of materials or interruptions in transportation systems, labor strikes, work stoppages, war, acts of terrorism or other interruptions to or difficulties in the employment of labor or transportation in the markets in which we purchase materials, components and supplies for the production of our services and products, in each case may adversely affect our ability to maintain production of our services and products and sustain profitability. Unforeseen end-of-life for certain components, such as enzymes, could cause backorders as we modify our product specifications to accommodate replacement components. If we were to experience a significant or prolonged shortage of critical components from any of our suppliers and could not procure the components from other sources, we would be unable to manufacture our services and products and to ship such services and products to our customers in a timely fashion, which would adversely affect our sales, margins and customer relations. 
 We may experience problems with supply chain efficiencies or logistical management, which could adversely affect our business operations. 
 Certain aspects of our business depend upon supply chain efficiencies and logistical management of samples. For example, our technology and assay services depend on processing specifically sized samples from multiple locations while maintaining the integrity of the samples such they remain free from corruption or contamination. If there are interruptions to the supply chain or sample logistics, including circumstances that cause the improper handling of the samples, it would limit our ability to complete high quality assays and properly service our customers and collaborators. Therefore, unlike some of our competitors, which do not need high-quality, uncorrupted samples of the size that we require, our supply chain operations and logistical management are more integral to our sample processing and testing, and the breakdown of the supply chain or sample logistics would negatively impact our business operations. Likewise, if there are technological advancements that improve our competitors business operations, but which we are unable to utilize due to our specific requirements for the supply chain and sample logistics, we would be at a competitive disadvantage which could harm our business, revenue and reputation. 
 24 

Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 

 We may experience manufacturing problems or delays that could limit our growth or adversely affect our operating results. 
 Our products and services are manufactured or performed at our facilities located in Boulder, Colorado using complex processes, sophisticated equipment and strict adherence to specifications and quality systems procedures. Any unforeseen manufacturing problems, such as contamination of our facilities, equipment malfunction, quality issues with components and materials sourced from third-party suppliers or failure to strictly follow procedures or meet specifications, could result in delays or shortfalls in performance. Identifying and resolving the cause of any such manufacturing or supplier issues could require substantial time and resources. If we are unable to keep up with demand for our products or services by successfully manufacturing and delivering our products or services in a timely manner, our revenue could be impaired, market acceptance for our products or services could be adversely affected and our customers might instead purchase our competitors products or services. 
 We have multi-step manufacturing processes some with long cycle times (months/years) that will continue to expand as our platform content expands. We will need to begin outsourcing some unit operations over time to ensure raw material availability and that has risks associated with it, as these are complex process chemistry operations with quality and yield requirements. Our batch sizes for key internal manufactured items are relatively fixed and generate multiple years of production in single lots. This may lead to inventory write-offs if technology advancements occur at a faster pace than our consumption of existing inventories allow generating early obsolescence. Additionally, we are reliant on a number of sole or single-sourced vendors for key raw material and those have relatively long lead times which may limit our ability to quickly respond to market changes without large inventory investments. We have scalable service capacity as adequate raw materials are available for surge capacities as we currently are not running a 24/7 operating model. 
 In addition, the introduction of new products and services may require the development of new manufacturing processes and procedures as well as new suppliers. While all of our assay services are performed using the same basic processes, significant variations may be required to meet new product or service specifications. Developing new processes and negotiating supply agreements can be very time consuming, and any unexpected difficulty in doing so could delay the introduction of a product or service. 
 Global Economic Conditions, including inflation and supply chain disruptions, may negatively impact our business operations and financial results. 
 Challenging current and future United States or global economic conditions, including the COVID-19 pandemic, the war in Ukraine and inflation and supply chain disruptions may negatively impact our business operations and financial results. These conditions have resulted in, and may continue to result in, extreme volatility and disruptions in the capital and credit markets and increased inflation and interest rate uncertainty. Current global economic challenges, including relatively high inflation and supply chain constraints may continue to put pressure on our business. 
 When challenging economic conditions exist, our customers may delay, decrease or cancel purchases from us, and may also delay payment or fail to pay us altogether. Suppliers may have difficulty filling our orders and distributors may have difficulty getting our products to customers, which may affect our ability to meet customer demands, and result in a loss of business. Weakened global economic conditions may also result in unfavorable changes in our product prices, product mix and profit margins. Although we take measures to mitigate the impact of inflation, including through pricing actions and productivity programs, if these actions are not effective our cash flow, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely impacted. In addition, there could be a time lag between recognizing the benefit of our mitigating actions and when the inflation occurs and there is no assurance that our mitigating measures will be able to fully mitigate the impact of inflation. 
 Political volatility may also contribute to the general economic conditions and regulatory uncertainty in regions in which we operate. Future unrest and changing policies could result in an adverse impact to our financial condition. Political developments can also disrupt the markets we serve and the tax jurisdictions in which we operate and may affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Expansion of our business exposes us to business, regulatory, political, operational, financial and economic risks. 
 In addition to pursuing organic growth in the United States and internationally, we may also acquire other businesses, products or technologies as well as pursue strategic alliances, joint ventures, technology licenses or investments in complementary businesses. The anticipated benefit of any strategic transaction, including the Palamedrix acquisition, may not materialize and our ability to successfully pursue such transactions is unproven. Any of these transactions could be material to our financial condition and operating results and expose us to many risks, including disruptions to our commercial relationships, acquiring unanticipated liabilities, difficulties integrating acquired businesses, diversion of management time and focus from operating our business, increases in our expenses and reductions in our cash available for operations and other uses, and possible write-offs or impairment charges relating to acquired businesses. The expected benefits may not be achieved within the anticipated time frame, or at all. The failure to meet the challenges involved and to realize the anticipated benefits of any such transaction could adversely affect our business and financial condition. Moreover, acquisitions can also involve litigation and/or post-transaction disputes, including with the counterparty regarding purchase 
 25 

Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 

 price or other working capital adjustments or liabilities for which we believe we were indemnified under the relevant transaction agreements, among other matters. Furthermore, foreign acquisitions involve unique risks in addition to those mentioned above, including those related to integration of operations across different cultures and languages, currency risks and the particular economic, political and regulatory risks associated with specific countries. Additionally, because we and our collaborators currently market our services and products outside of the United States and may market future services and products outside of the United States, if cleared, authorized or approved, our business is subject to risks associated with doing business outside of the United States, including an increase in our expenses and diversion of our management s attention from the development of future services and products. Accordingly, our business and financial results in the future could be adversely affected due to a variety of factors, including: 
 multiple, conflicting and changing laws and regulations such as privacy, security and data use regulations, tax laws, export and import restrictions, economic sanctions and embargoes, employment laws, anticorruption laws, regulatory requirements, and other governmental approvals, permits and licenses; 
 failure by us, our collaborators or our distributors to obtain regulatory clearance, authorization or approval for the use of our services and products in various countries; 
 additional potentially relevant third-party patent rights; 
 complexities and difficulties in obtaining intellectual property protection and enforcing our intellectual property; 
 difficulties in attracting talent, staffing, and retention, and managing foreign operations; 
 logistics and regulations associated with shipping samples, including infrastructure conditions and transportation delays; 
 limits in our ability to penetrate international markets if we are not able to conduct our immunosequencing services locally; 
 financial risks, such as longer payment cycles, difficulty collecting accounts receivable, the impact of local and regional financial crises on demand and payment for our services and products and exposure to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations; 
 natural disasters, political and economic instability, including wars, terrorism and political unrest, outbreak of disease, boycotts, retaliatory measures or economic sanctions imposed by governments, curtailment of trade and other business restrictions; 
 regulatory and compliance risks that relate to maintaining accurate information and control over sales and distributors activities that may fall within the purview of the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act FCPA ), its books and records provisions, or its anti-bribery provisions, or laws similar to the FCPA in other jurisdictions in which we may now or in the future operate; and 
 anti-bribery requirements of several member states in the EU and other countries, such as the United Kingdom s Bribery Act of 2010, that are constantly changing and require disclosure of information to which United States legal privilege may not extend. 
 Any of these factors could significantly harm our future international expansion and operations and, consequently, our revenue and results of operations. 
 
 An impairment in the carrying value of goodwill and other intangible assets could negatively impact our consolidated results of operations and net worth. 
 
 Goodwill, including with respect to any acquisitions we make, such as Palamedrix, is initially recorded as the excess of amounts paid over the fair value of net assets acquired. While goodwill is not amortized, it is reviewed for impairment at least annually or more frequently, if impairment indicators are present. Other intangible assets represent in-process research and development IPR D acquired from Palamedrix. During the development phase, these assets are not amortized but are tested for impairment annually or more frequently if impairment indicators are present. In assessing the carrying value of goodwill and intangible assets, we make qualitative and quantitative assumptions and estimates about revenues, operating margins, growth rates and discount rates based on our business plans, economic projections, anticipated future cash flows and marketplace data. There are inherent uncertainties related to these factors and management s judgment in applying these factors. We could be required to evaluate the carrying value of goodwill and intangible assets prior to the annual assessment if we experience unexpected, significant declines in operating results or sustained market capitalization declines. These types of events and the resulting analyses could result in impairment charges in the future. Impairment charges could substantially affect our results of operations and net worth in the periods of such charges. 
 26 

Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 

 Implementing and maintaining compliance with applicable laws, regulations, standards and obligations relating to data privacy and security is operationally and financially taxing and the failure to comply could result in damage to our reputation and/or subject us to costs, fines or lawsuits under data privacy or other laws or contractual requirements. 
 As an organization with a global impact, we are subject to data privacy and security laws, regulations, and customer-imposed controls in numerous jurisdictions as a result of having access to and processing confidential, personal and/or sensitive data in the course of our business. There are numerous United States federal and state laws and regulations related to the privacy and security of personal information. In particular, regulations promulgated pursuant to the HIPAA establish privacy and security standards that limit the use and disclosure of PHI and require the implementation of administrative, physical and technological safeguards to protect the privacy of PHI and ensure the confidentiality, integrity and availability of electronic protected health information. Determining whether PHI has been handled in compliance with applicable privacy standards and our contractual obligations can require complex factual and statistical analyses and may be subject to changing interpretation. 
 In addition, many states in the United States in which we operate now or may operate in the future have laws that protect the privacy and security of sensitive and personal information. Certain state laws in the United States may be more stringent or broader in scope, or offer greater individual rights, with respect to sensitive and personal information than federal, international or other state laws, and such laws may differ from each other, which may complicate compliance efforts. For example, the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 CCPA imposes stringent data privacy and security requirements and obligations with respect to the personal information of California residents and households. Among other things, it requires covered companies to provide new disclosures to California consumers and provide such consumers new data protection and privacy rights, including the ability to opt-out of certain sales of personal information. The CCPA provides for civil penalties for violations, as well as a private right of action for certain data breaches that result in the loss of personal information that may increase the likelihood of, and risks associated with, data breach litigation. In November 2020, the California Privacy Rights Act CPRA ), which supersedes the CCPA, was passed and went into force on January 1, 2023. The CPRA draws California law closer to core concepts that were first articulated in the EU s GDPR (discussed below) and imposes new obligations on covered entities. It remains unclear how various provisions of the CRPA will be interpreted and enforced, and multiple states have enacted or are expected to enact similar laws. The effects of the CCPA and other similar state laws on our business are potentially significant and may require us to modify our data processing practices and policies and to incur costs and expenses in an effort to comply. State laws are changing rapidly, and there is discussion in the United States Congress of a new federal data protection and privacy law to which we may be subject. 
 In Europe, laws, regulations and standards in many jurisdictions apply broadly to the collection, use, retention, security, disclosure, transfer and other processing of personal information. For example, in the European Economic Area EEA and the United Kingdom UK ), the collection and use of personal data is governed by the EU General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 EU GDPR and related guidance together with the UK General Data Protection Regulation UK GDPR, collectively with the EU GDPR, the GDPR ). The GDPR, together with national legislation, regulations and guidelines of the EU member states and the UK govern the processing of personal data, impose strict obligations and restrictions on the ability to collect, use, retain, protect, disclose, transfer and otherwise process personal data. In particular, the GDPR includes obligations and restrictions concerning the consent and rights of individuals to whom the personal data relates, the transfer of personal data out of the EEA or the UK, data breach notifications and the security and confidentiality of personal data. Both the EU and the UK GDPR authorize fines for certain violations of up to 4 of a company s global annual revenue or 20 million/ 17.5 million, whichever is greater. Such fines are in addition to any civil litigation claims by customers and data subjects. European data protection authorities may interpret the GDPR and national laws differently and impose additional requirements, which contributes to the complexity of processing personal data in or from the EEA or UK. Guidance on implementation and compliance practices is often updated or otherwise revised. Several other countries, including China, have enacted laws that require personal data relating to their citizens to be maintained on in the country under certain circumstances and impose additional data transfer restrictions. Implementing and maintaining compliance with applicable security and privacy regulations may increase our operating costs, increase the complexity of delivering our services, and/or adversely impact our ability to market our services and products to customers. 
 Complying with all applicable laws, regulations, standards and obligations relating to data privacy, security and transfers may cause us to incur substantial operational costs or require us to modify our data processing practices and processes. Government enforcement actions can be costly and interrupt the regular operation of our business, and violations of data privacy laws can result in significant fines, reputational damage and civil lawsuits, any of which may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We may not be able to respond quickly or effectively to regulatory, legislative and other developments, and these changes may in turn impair our ability to commercialize our assay services or increase our cost of doing business. In addition, if our practices are not consistent or viewed as not consistent with legal and regulatory requirements, including changes in laws, regulations and standards or new interpretations or applications of existing laws, regulations and standards, we may become subject to audits, inquiries, whistleblower complaints, adverse media coverage, investigations, loss of export privileges, severe criminal or civil sanctions or reputational damage. Any of the foregoing could have an adverse effect on our competitive position, business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 27 

Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 

 We depend on our key personnel and other highly qualified personnel, and if we are unable to recruit, train and retain our personnel, we may not achieve our goals. 
 Our future success depends on our ability to recruit, train, retain and motivate key personnel, including our senior management, research and development, manufacturing and sales, customer service and marketing personnel. In particular, Troy Cox, our Executive Chair and Roy Smythe, our Chief Executive Officer are critical to our vision, strategic direction, culture and products. Competition for qualified personnel is intense, particularly in the areas of Molecular Biology, Software and BioInformatics. As we grow, we may continue to make changes to our management team, which could make it difficult to execute on our business plans and strategies. We may face challenges in retaining and recruiting key personnel due to sustained declines in our stock price that could reduce the retention value of equity awards. 
 Our continued growth depends, in part, on attracting, retaining and motivating highly trained sales personnel with the necessary scientific background and ability to understand our systems at a technical level to effectively identify and sell to potential new customers. In addition, the continued development of complementary software tools, such as our analysis tools and visualization software, requires us to compete for highly trained software engineers and for highly trained sales and customer service personnel globally. We also compete for computational biologists and qualified scientific personnel with other life sciences companies, academic institutions and research institutions. 
 We do not maintain key person life insurance or fixed term employment contracts with any of our employees. As a result, our employees could leave the Company with little or no prior notice and would be free to work for a competitor. Because of the complex and technical nature of our services and products and the dynamic market in which we compete, any failure to attract, train, retain and motivate qualified personnel could materially harm our operating results and growth prospects. 
 Risks Related to Intellectual Property 
 If we are unable to protect our intellectual property effectively, our business would be harmed. 
 We rely on patent protection as well as protection afforded by trademark, copyright, trade secret and other intellectual property rights and contractual restrictions to protect our proprietary technologies, all of which provide limited protection and may not adequately protect our rights or permit us to gain or keep any competitive advantage. Our proprietary, foundational aptamer-based technology and processes are supported by approximately 950 patents (issued or pending) and support unparalleled sensitivity and specificity, and dynamic range. We continue to file new patent applications to attempt to obtain further legal protection of the full range of our technologies. If we fail to protect our intellectual property, third parties may be able to compete more effectively against us and we may incur substantial litigation costs in our attempts to recover or restrict the use of our intellectual property. 
 Our success depends in part on obtaining patent protection for our services and processes, preserving trade secrets, registering copyrights and trademarks, operating without infringing the proprietary rights of third parties and if needed acquiring licenses for certain aspects of our technology or services. We may exercise our business judgment and choose to not pursue trade secret protection but file patent applications that disclose and describe our inventions to seek patent protection for our services and technology. We cannot assure investors that any of our currently pending or future patent applications will result in issued patents and we cannot predict how long it will take for such patent applications to issue as patents. Further, securing patent protection may require us to participate in interference proceedings, derivation proceedings or other post-grant proceedings declared by the United States Patent and Trademark Office USPTO that could result in substantial cost to us. The outcome of such proceedings is uncertain. If third parties bring post-grant opposition proceedings against our patents, we could experience significant costs and management distraction. Further, in some cases, we have only filed provisional patent applications on certain aspects of our services and technologies and each of these provisional patent applications is not eligible to become an issued patent until, among other things, we file a non-provisional patent application within 12 months of the filing date of the applicable provisional patent application. Such provisional patent applications may not become issued patents for a variety of reasons, including our failure to file a non-provisional patent application within the permitted timeframe or a decision that doing so no longer makes business or financial sense. 
 Further, we cannot assure investors that other parties will not challenge any patents issued to us or that courts or regulatory agencies will hold our patents to be valid or enforceable. We cannot guarantee investors that we will be successful in defending challenges made against our patents and patent applications. Any successful third-party challenge to our patents could result in the unenforceability or invalidity of such patents and could deprive us of the ability to prevent others from using the technologies claimed in such issued patents. 
 Further, certain services and technology may not be able to be patented, or cannot reasonably become patented due to the extensive scope and nature of the relevant technology. As a result, we often can only rely on trade secrets to protect this technology. If we cannot protect our un-patentable trade secrets or keep them confidential, our business results of operation will be adversely impacted. 
 With respect to all categories of intellectual property protection, our competitors could purchase our services and products and attempt to replicate some or all of the competitive advantages we derive from our development efforts, willfully 
 28 

Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 

 infringe our intellectual property rights, design around our protected technology or develop their own competitive technologies that fall outside of our intellectual property rights. In addition, competitors may develop their own versions of our services and products in countries where we did not apply for patents, where our patents have not issued or where our intellectual property rights are not recognized and compete with us in those countries and markets. 
 Issued patents covering our services and products could be found invalid or unenforceable if challenged. 
 Although patents granted by the USPTO or other patent granting authority are generally entitled to a presumption of validity and enforceability, a granted patent s scope, validity or enforceability can still be challenged. Some of our patents or patent applications (including in-bound licensed patents) have been or may be challenged at a future point in time in opposition, derivation, reexamination, inter partes review, post-grant review or interference proceedings. Any successful third-party challenge to our patents in this or any other proceeding could result in the unenforceability or invalidity of such patents, which may lead to increased competition to our business, which could harm our business. In addition, in patent litigation in the United States, defendant affirmative defenses and counterclaims alleging invalidity and unenforceability are commonplace. Therefore, if we enforced our patents against an infringing third party, it is very likely that the validity and unenforceability of our patents asserted in litigation would be challenged. The outcome of such assertions of invalidity and unenforceability during patent litigation is unpredictable. If a defendant were to prevail on a legal assertion of invalidity or unenforceability, we would lose at least part, and perhaps all, of the patent protection on certain aspects of our technologies. In addition, if the breadth or strength of protection provided by our patents is threatened by such invalidity or unenforceability contentions, regardless of the outcome, it could dissuade companies from collaborating with us to license, develop, or commercialize current or future services and products. We may not be aware of all third-party intellectual property rights potentially relating to our services and products. 
 If our trademarks and trade names are not adequately protected, we may not be able to build name recognition in our markets of interest and our business may be adversely affected. 
 If our trademarks and trade names are not adequately protected, we may not be able to build name recognition in our markets of interest and our business may be adversely affected. We currently own issued trademark registrations and have trademark applications pending, any of which may be the subject of a governmental or third-party objection, which could prevent the registration or maintenance of the same. We cannot assure you that any currently pending trademark applications or any trademark applications we may file in the future will be approved. 
 Our efforts to enforce or protect our proprietary rights related to trademarks, trade secrets, domain names, copyrights or other intellectual property may be ineffective and could result in substantial costs and diversion of resources and could adversely impact our financial condition or results of operations. We own the following registered or pending trademarks: SomaLogic , SomaScan , SOMAmer , SomaSignal , Power by SomaLogic and corresponding and related logos. 
 Claims by third parties that we infringe or misuse their proprietary technology could subject us to significant liability and could force us to redesign our services and products or to incur significant costs. 
 Our competitors protect their intellectual property rights by means such as trade secrets, patents, copyrights and trademarks. Although we have not been involved in any litigation related to intellectual property rights of others, from time to time we receive letters from third parties alleging, or inquiring about, violations of their intellectual property rights. Any third party asserting that our services and products infringe their intellectual property rights would force us to defend ourselves, and possibly defend our customers, against the alleged infringement claims. These claims and any resulting lawsuit, if successful, could subject us to significant liability for damages and could enjoin us from manufacturing and selling our infringing services and products. The risk of such a lawsuit will likely increase as our size and the number and scope of our services and products increase, as our geographic presence and market share expand and as the number of competitors in our market increases. Any such claims or litigation could: 
 require us to stop selling, incorporating or using our services and products that use the other party s intellectual property; 
 require us to enter into royalty or licensing agreements with third parties, which may not be available on terms that we deem acceptable, if at all; 
 prevent us from operating all or a portion of our business or force us to redesign our services and products, which could be difficult and expensive and may degrade performance of our services and products, or withdraw one or more of our services and products altogether; 
 subject us to significant liability for damages or result in significant settlement payments; 
 require us to indemnify our customers, distribution partners or suppliers; and 
 refund deposits and other amounts received for allegedly infringing technology or services and products. 
 29 

Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 

 Intellectual property litigation can be costly. Even if we prevail, the cost of such litigation could deplete our financial resources. Litigation is also time-consuming and could divert management s attention and resources away from our business. Furthermore, during the course of litigation, confidential information will be disclosed in the form of documents or testimony in connection with discovery requests, depositions or trial testimony under a protective order. Inadvertent disclosure of our confidential information despite an attorney s eyes only protective order and our involvement in intellectual property litigation could materially adversely affect our business. Some of our competitors may be able to sustain the costs of complex intellectual property litigation more effectively than we can because they have substantially greater resources. In addition, any uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation of any litigation could significantly limit our ability to continue our operations. Any of the foregoing could disrupt our business and have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. 
 Involvement in lawsuits to defend against third-party claims of intellectual property infringement, or to enforce or defend our intellectual property rights against infringers, could be time-intensive and costly and may adversely impact our business or stock price. 
 Numerous significant intellectual property claims have been litigated, and will likely continue to be litigated, between existing and new participants in our existing and targeted markets. Our success depends in part on our non-infringement of patents and proprietary rights of third parties. We develop complex services and products that integrate a wide range of technologies which may impact our ability to do so clear of third-party intellectual property rights and therefore may require a license to intellectual property rights of a third party or a successful challenge to the validity of the intellectual property rights of a third party to achieve clearance to commercialize future services and products. As we develop new technologies and move into new markets and applications for our services and products, we expect that incumbent participants in such markets may assert their patents and other proprietary rights against us as part of a business strategy to slow our entry into such markets, impede our successful competition and/or extract substantial license and royalty payments from us. In addition, we may be unaware of pending third-party patent applications that relate to our technology and our competitors and others may have patents or may in the future obtain patents and claim that use of our services and products infringes these patents. Our competitors and others may now, and in the future, have significantly larger and more mature patent portfolios than we currently have. In addition, future litigation may involve patent holding companies or other adverse patent owners who have no relevant product revenue and against whom our own patents may provide little or no deterrence or protection. Therefore, our commercial success may depend in part on our non-infringement of the patents or proprietary rights of third parties. Thus, litigation may be necessary to defend ourselves from third-party claims against us. 
 We have received notices of claims of infringement and misappropriation or misuse of other parties intellectual property in the past and may from time to time receive additional notices. We cannot assure investors that we will prevail in such actions, or that other actions alleging misappropriation or misuse by us of third-party trade secrets, infringement by us of third-party patents and trademarks or other rights, will not be asserted or prosecuted against us in the future. 
 In addition, it may be necessary to enforce our intellectual property against third-party infringers. Typically, defendants named in intellectual property lawsuits challenge the validity of the asserted intellectual property as a defense. Thus, any enforcement litigation we may assert against an infringer could put our intellectual property at risk, including by adversely affecting the scope of our patent protection or invalidating our patents. 
 Litigation could result in substantial legal fees and could adversely affect our ability to compete in the marketplace. Any adverse ruling or perception of an adverse ruling in defending ourselves against these claims could have an adverse impact on our stock price, which may be disproportionate to the actual impact of the ruling itself. Parties making claims against us may be able to obtain injunctive or other relief, which could block our ability to develop, commercialize and sell products, and could result in the award of substantial damages against us. In the event of a successful claim of infringement against us, we may be required to pay damages and obtain one or more licenses from third parties, or be prohibited from selling certain services and products. We may not be able to obtain these licenses at a reasonable cost, if at all. We could therefore incur substantial costs related to royalty payments for licenses obtained from third parties, which could negatively affect our gross margins. In addition, we could encounter delays in product introductions while we attempt to develop alternative methods or products to avoid infringing third-party patents or proprietary rights. Defense of any lawsuit or failure to obtain any of these licenses on favorable terms could prevent us from commercializing services and products, and the prohibition of sale of any of our services and products could materially affect our ability to grow and gain market acceptance for our services and products. 
 Furthermore, because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation, there is a risk that some of our confidential information could be compromised by disclosure during this type of litigation. In addition, during the course of this kind of litigation, there could be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions or other interim proceedings or developments. If securities analysts or investors perceive these results to be negative, it could have a substantial adverse effect on the price of our Common Stock. 
 In addition, our agreements with some of our suppliers, distributors, customers, collaborators and other entities with whom we do business require us to defend or indemnify these parties to the extent they become involved in infringement claims against us, including the claims described above. We could also voluntarily agree to defend or indemnify third parties in instances where we are not obligated to do so if we determine it would be important to our business relationships. If we 
 30 

Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 

 are required or agree to defend or indemnify any of these third parties in connection with any infringement claims, we could incur significant costs and expenses that could adversely affect our business, operating results, or financial condition. 
 Confidentiality and trade secret protection agreements with employees and others may not adequately prevent disclosure of trade secrets and protect other proprietary information. 
 We consider proprietary trade secrets, confidential know-how and unpatented know-how to be important to our business. We may rely on trade secrets or confidential know-how to protect our technology, especially where patent protection is believed to be of limited value. However, trade secrets and confidential know-how are difficult to maintain as confidential. 
 To protect this type of information against disclosure or appropriation by competitors, our policy is to require our employees, consultants, contractors and advisors to enter into confidentiality and trade secret protection agreements with us. However, current or former employees, consultants, contractors and advisers may unintentionally or willfully disclose our confidential information to competitors, and confidentiality agreements may not provide an adequate remedy in the event of unauthorized disclosure of confidential information. Enforcing a claim that a third party obtained illegally and is using trade secrets or confidential know-how is expensive, time consuming and unpredictable. The enforceability of confidentiality agreements may vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. Furthermore, if a competitor lawfully obtained or independently developed any of our trade secrets, we would have no right to prevent such competitor from using that technology or information to compete with us, which could harm our competitive position. Additionally, if the steps taken to maintain our trade secrets are deemed inadequate, we may have insufficient recourse against third parties for misappropriating the trade secret. 
 Failure to obtain or maintain trade secrets or confidential know-how trade protection could adversely affect our competitive position. Moreover, our competitors may independently develop substantially equivalent proprietary information and may even apply for patent protection in respect of the same. If successful in obtaining such patent protection, our competitors could limit our use of our trade secrets or confidential know-how. 
 Under certain circumstances, we may also decide to publish some know-how to attempt to prevent others from obtaining patent rights covering such know-how. 
 Obtaining and maintaining our patent protection depends on compliance with various required procedures, document submissions, fee payments and other requirements imposed by governmental patent agencies, and our patent protection could be reduced or eliminated for non-compliance with these requirements. 
 Periodic maintenance fees, renewal fees, annuity fees and various other governmental fees on patents and/or applications will be due to be paid to the USPTO and various governmental patent agencies outside of the United States at several stages over the lifetime of the patents and/or pendency of the patent applications. We have systems in place to remind us to pay these fees, and we engage an outside service and rely on our outside counsel to pay these fees due to non-United States patent agencies. The USPTO and various non-United States governmental patent agencies require compliance with a number of procedural, documentary, fee payment and other similar provisions during the patent application process. We employ reputable law firms and other professionals to help us comply, and in some cases, an inadvertent lapse can be cured by payment of a late fee or by other means in accordance with the applicable rules. However, there are situations in which non-compliance can result in abandonment or lapse of the patent or patent application, resulting in partial or complete loss of patent rights in the relevant jurisdiction. In such an event, our competitors may be able to enter the market without infringing our patents and this circumstance could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 Our inability to effectively protect our proprietary technologies, including the confidentiality of our trade secrets, could harm our competitive position. 
 We currently rely upon trade secret protection and copyright, as well as non-disclosure agreements and invention assignment agreements with our employees, consultants and third parties, and to a limited extent patent protection, to protect our confidential and proprietary information. Although our competitors have utilized and are expected to continue utilizing similar methods and have aggregated and are expected to continue to aggregate similar databases of proteomic testing information, our success will depend upon our ability to develop proprietary methods and databases and to protect any advantages afforded to us by such methods and databases relative to our competitors. If we do not protect our intellectual property adequately, competitors may be able to use our methods and databases and thereby erode any competitive advantages we may have. We will be able to protect our proprietary rights from unauthorized use by third parties only to the extent that our proprietary technologies are covered by valid and enforceable patents or are effectively maintained as trade secrets. If any of our confidential or proprietary information, such as our trade secrets, were to be disclosed or misappropriated, or if any such information was independently developed by a competitor, our competitive position could be harmed. 
 31 

Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 

 We may not be able to protect our intellectual property rights throughout the world. 
 Filing, prosecuting and defending patents on our services and products and technologies in every country throughout the world would be prohibitively expensive, and our intellectual property rights in some countries outside the United States can be less extensive than those in the United States. 
 The laws of some foreign countries do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States, and we and our licensor may encounter difficulties in protecting and defending such rights in foreign jurisdictions. Consequently, we and our licensor may not be able to prevent third parties from practicing our inventions in some or all countries outside the United States, or from selling or importing services and products made using our or our licensor s inventions in and into the United States or other jurisdictions. Competitors and other third parties may use our technologies in jurisdictions where we have not obtained patent protection to develop their own services and products and technologies and may also export infringing services and products to territories where we have patent protection, but enforcement is not as strong as that in the United States. These services and products may compete with our services and products. Our and our licensor s patents or other intellectual property rights may not be effective or sufficient to prevent them from competing. In addition, certain countries have compulsory licensing laws under which a patent owner may be compelled to grant licenses to other parties. Furthermore, many countries limit the enforceability of patents against other parties, including government agencies or government contractors. In these countries, the patent owner may have limited remedies, which could materially diminish the value of any patents. 
 Many companies have encountered significant problems in protecting and defending intellectual property rights in foreign jurisdictions. In some countries, local authorities retain broad discretion to compel technology transfer or disclosure of proprietary trade secrets on the basis of national interests or national security, cybersecurity or data protection, regulatory requirements pertaining to foreign direct investments or joint ventures, or other regulations governing foreign companies business activities in these countries. The legal systems of many other countries do not favor the enforcement of patents and other intellectual property protection, which could make it difficult for us to stop the misappropriation or other violations of our intellectual property rights including infringement of our patents in such countries. The legal systems in certain countries may also favor state-sponsored or companies headquartered in particular jurisdictions over our first-in-time patents and other intellectual property protection. The absence of harmonized intellectual property protection laws and effective enforcement makes it difficult to ensure consistent respect for patent, trade secret, and other intellectual property rights on a worldwide basis. As a result, it is possible that we will not be able to enforce our rights against third parties that misappropriate our proprietary technology in those countries. 
 Proceedings to enforce our or our licensor s patent rights in foreign jurisdictions could result in substantial cost and divert our efforts and attention from other aspects of our business, could put our and our licensor s patents at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly and our and our licensor s patent applications at risk of not issuing, and could provoke third parties to assert claims against us. We and our licensors may not prevail in any lawsuits that we or our licensor initiate, or that are initiated against us or our licensor, and the damages or other remedies awarded, if any, may not be commercially meaningful. In addition, changes in the law and legal decisions by courts in the United States and foreign countries may affect our ability to obtain adequate protection for our services and products, services and other technologies and the enforcement of intellectual property. Accordingly, our efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights around the world may be inadequate to obtain a significant commercial advantage from the intellectual property that we develop or license. Any of the foregoing events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Changes in patent law in the United States and other jurisdictions could diminish the value of patents in general, thereby impairing our ability to protect our services and products. 
 Changes in either the patent laws or in interpretations of patent laws in the United States or other countries or regions may diminish the value of our intellectual property. We cannot predict the breadth of the claims that may be allowed by the USPTO nor scope and meaning of issued claims by a court during enforcement of our patents or in third party patents. We may not develop additional proprietary products, methods and technologies that are patentable. Assuming that other requirements for patentability are met, prior to March 16, 2013, in the United States, the first to invent the claimed invention was entitled to a patent, while outside the United States, the first to file a patent application for the invention was entitled to a patent. On or after March 16, 2013, under the Leahy-Smith America Invents Act AIA ), enacted in September 16, 2011, the United States transitioned from a first-to-invent to a first-to-file system in which, assuming that other requirements for patentability are met, the first inventor to file a patent application for a particular invention will be entitled to a patent regardless of whether a third-party was the first to invent the claimed invention. A third party that files a patent application in the USPTO on or after March 16, 2013, but before us could therefore be awarded a patent covering an invention similar to or the same as our invention, even if we had made the invention before such third party. This requires us to be cognizant of the conception of an invention and the time it takes to filing a patent application on that invention. Since patent applications in the United States and most other countries are confidential for a period of time after filing, we cannot be certain that we or our licensors were the first to either (i) file any patent application related to our services and products or (ii) invent any of the inventions claimed in our or our licensor s patents or patent applications. 
 32 

Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 

 The AIA also includes a number of significant changes that affect the way patent applications are prosecuted and also affects adversarial patent proceedings at the Patent Trials and Appeals Board PTAB ). These changes include allowing third party submission of prior art to the USPTO during patent prosecution and additional procedures to attack the validity of a patent in post-grant proceedings, including post-grant review, inter parties review and derivation proceedings. Because there is a lower evidentiary standard needed to invalidate a patent in these USPTO proceedings as compared to the evidentiary standard in a United States federal court, a third party could successfully invalidate a patent before the PTAB on less evidence than would be required to meet the higher evidentiary standard to invalidate a patent in a federal district court. Accordingly, a third party may attempt to use the USPTO procedures to invalidate our patent claims that would not have been invalidated if first challenged by the third party in a district court action. Therefore, the AIA and its implementation could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of our owned or in-bound licensed patents or patent applications and the enforcement or defense of our owned or in-bound licensed issued patents, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. 
 In addition, the patent position of companies in the biotechnology field is particularly uncertain. Various courts, including the United States Supreme Court, have rendered decisions that affect the scope of patentability of certain inventions or discoveries relating to biotechnology. These decisions state, among other things, that a patent claim that recites an abstract idea, natural phenomenon or law of nature are not themselves patentable. Precisely what constitutes a law of nature or abstract idea is uncertain, and it is possible that certain aspects of our technology could be considered natural laws. Accordingly, the evolving case law in the United States could adversely affect our ability to obtain patents and may facilitate third party challenges to any owned or licensed patents. 
 If we cannot license rights to use technologies on reasonable terms, we may not be able to commercialize new services and products in the future. 
 In the future, we may identify additional third-party intellectual property we may need to license in order to engage in our business, including to develop or commercialize new products or services. However, such licenses may not be available on acceptable terms or at all. Even if such licenses are available, we may be required to pay the licensor substantial royalties based on sales of our products and services. Such royalties are a component of the cost of our products or services and may affect the margins on our products and services. In addition, such licenses may be nonexclusive, which could give our competitors access to the same intellectual property licensed to us. If we are unable to enter into the necessary licenses on acceptable terms or at all, if any necessary licenses are subsequently terminated, if our licensors fail to abide by the terms of the licenses, if our licensors fail to prevent infringement by third parties, or if the licensed patents or other rights are found to be invalid or unenforceable, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects could be materially and adversely affected. 
 If licenses to third-party intellectual property rights are or become required for us to engage in our business, the rights may be non-exclusive, which could give our competitors access to the same technology or intellectual property rights licensed to us. Moreover, we could encounter delays in the introduction of tests while we attempt to develop alternatives. Defense of any lawsuit or failure to obtain any of these licenses on favorable terms could prevent us from commercializing tests, which could materially affect our ability to grow and thus adversely affect our business and financial condition. 
 Our use of open source software could compromise our ability to offer our services and subject us to possible litigation. 
 We use open source software in connection with our services and products. Companies that incorporate open source software into their products have, from time to time, faced claims challenging their use of open source software and compliance with open source license terms. As a result, we could be subject to lawsuits and other allegations by parties claiming ownership of what we believe to be open source software or claiming noncompliance with open source licensing terms. Some open source software licenses require users who distribute software containing open source software to publicly disclose all or part of the source code to the licensee s software that incorporates, links or uses such open source software, and make available to third parties for no cost, any derivative works of the open source code created by the licensee, which could include the licensee s own valuable proprietary code. While we monitor our use of open source software and try to ensure that none is used in a manner that would require us to disclose our proprietary source code or that would otherwise breach the terms of an open source agreement, such use could inadvertently occur, or could be claimed to have occurred, in part because open source license terms can be ambiguous. Legal precedent in this area is not well established and any actual or claimed requirement to disclose our proprietary source code or pay damages for breach of contract could harm our business and could help third parties, including our competitors, develop products and services that are similar to or better than ours. Any of the foregoing could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. 
 We rely on strategic collaboration and licensing arrangements with third parties for research and development of commercial products and to further develop intellectual property. We may not be able to successfully establish and maintain such intellectual property. 
 Our research and development of our services and products relies, directly or indirectly, upon strategic collaborations and licensing agreements with third parties. We have collaboration and licensing arrangements with numerous academics, 
 33 

Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 

 pharmaceutical companies, and others, under which the collaborator provides us with biological samples and associated clinical information. We use the biological samples for research and development by generating SomaScan data (typically owned by SomaLogic) and obtaining relevant clinical information related to each biological sample (typically owned by the collaborator). Our collaboration and licensing arrangements also contain cross-licenses to permit the collaborator to use our SomaScan data for limited purposes, e.g., drug development or academic research, and the collaborator grants us the right to use the clinical data for our products and services. Some collaborators limit our right to use their clinical data. 
 There can be no assurance that any current contractual arrangements between us and third parties, such as Illumina, for example, or between our strategic partners and other third parties will be continued on materially similar terms and will not be breached or terminated early. Any failure to obtain or retain the rights to necessary technologies on acceptable commercial terms could require us to re-configure our products and services, which could negatively impact their commercial sale or increase the associated costs, either of which could materially harm our business and adversely affect our future revenues and ability to achieve sustained profitability. 
 We expect to continue and expand our reliance on collaboration and licensing arrangements. Establishing new strategic collaboration and licensing arrangements is difficult and time-consuming. Discussions with potential collaborators or licensors may not lead to the establishment of collaborations on favorable terms, if at all. To the extent we agree to work exclusively with one collaborator in a given area, our opportunities to collaborate with other entities could be limited. Potential collaborators or licensors may reject collaborations with us based upon their assessment of our financial, regulatory or intellectual property position or other factors. Even if we successfully establish new collaborations, these relationships may never result in the successful commercialization of any product or service. In addition, the success of the projects that require collaboration with third parties will be dependent on the continued success of such collaborators. There is no guarantee that our collaborators will continue to be successful and, as a result, we could expend considerable time and resources developing products or services that will not ultimately be commercialized. 
 We may be subject to claims that our employees, consultants or independent contractors have wrongfully used or disclosed confidential information of third parties or that our employees have wrongfully used or disclosed alleged trade secrets of their former employers. 
 We employ, and expect to employ in the future, individuals who were previously employed at universities or other companies, including our competitors or potential competitors. Although we try to ensure that our employees, consultants and independent contractors do not use the proprietary information or know-how of others in their work for us, we may be subject to claims that our employees, consultants or independent contractors have inadvertently or otherwise used or disclosed trade secrets or other proprietary information of their former employers or other third parties, or to claims that we have improperly used or obtained such trade secrets. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these claims. If we fail in defending such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights or personnel, which could adversely impact our business. A loss of key research personnel work product could hamper or prevent our ability to commercialize potential products and services, which could harm our business. Even if we are successful in defending against these claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to management and other employees. 
 Risks Related to Government Regulation 
 The FDA may require us to obtain premarket authorizations and comply with the FDA requirements for some of our products and services. Failure to obtain such authorizations or failure to comply with FDA requirements may delay or prevent the marketing of our products and services. 
 We believe that our services are not presently regulated as medical devices by the FDA. However, the FDA s policies may change or the FDA may disagree with our conclusion, and the agency may require us to obtain a premarket authorization. Failure to comply with such requirements or the additional, extensive and ongoing post-marketing obligations imposed by the FDA or other regulatory requirements of other regulatory agencies could result in unanticipated compliance expenditures, a range of administrative enforcement actions, injunctions, and/or criminal prosecution. FDA post-market obligations include, among other things, compliance with the FDA Quality System Regulations QSR ), establishing registration and device listings, labeling requirements, reporting of certain adverse events and malfunctions, and reporting of certain recalls. In addition, circumstances may arise that cause us to recall equipment used in connection with our products and services. Such recalls could have an adverse effect on our ability to provide those products and services, which in turn would adversely affect our financial condition. Our collaborators may also be required to maintain FDA clearance, authorization or approval for the products and services that we jointly develop. Any failure by us or our collaborators to maintain such clearance, authorization or approval could impair or cause a delay in our ability to profit from these collaborations. 
 34 

Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 

 We conduct our business in a heavily regulated industry, and changes in regulations or violations of regulations may, directly or indirectly, reduce our revenue, adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition and harm our business. 
 The life sciences industry is highly regulated, and the regulatory environment in which we operate may change significantly and adversely to us in the future. Areas of the regulatory environment that may affect our ability to conduct business include, without limitation, federal and state laws relating to: 
 laboratory testing, including Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments CLIA and state laboratory licensing laws; 
 the development, testing, use, distribution, promotion and advertising of research services, kits, clinical diagnostics and cellular therapies, including certain LDT, which are regulated by the FDA under the Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act FDCA 
 cellular therapies, medical device and in vitro diagnostic clearance, marketing authorization or approval; 
 laboratory anti-mark-up laws; 
 the handling and disposal of medical and hazardous waste; 
 Occupational Safety and Health Administration rules and regulations; 
 HIPAA and other federal and state medical data privacy and security laws; and 
 the Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act GINA and similar state laws. 
 In particular, while we believe that our services are not presently regulated as medical devices because they are RUO or LDTs, the laws, regulations and policies of the FDA and non-United States regulators governing the marketing of RUO products, LDTs, and clinical diagnostic tests and services are extremely complex and the regulatory or judicial interpretations of the relevant laws and regulations may change in the future. For example, our SomaScan assay services and kits offered as RUO could, in the future, be subject to greater regulation by the FDA pursuant to the medical device provisions of the FDCA beyond the current regulations governing RUO labeling. In addition, while we believe certain of our services are LDTs and thus not subject to premarket review requirements, FDA may disagree with our assessment or change its position in the future and assert that our products are medical devices that must receive FDA s premarket review, as discussed under Risk Factors The FDA may require us to obtain premarket authorizations and comply with the FDA requirements for some of our products and services. Failure to obtain such authorizations or failure to comply with FDA requirements may delay or prevent the marketing of our products and services. 
 If we fail to comply with federal and state laboratory licensing requirements, we could lose the ability to perform our tests or experience disruptions to our business. 
 We are subject to CLIA, a federal law that regulates clinical laboratories that perform testing on specimens derived from humans for the purpose of providing information for the diagnosis, prevention or treatment of disease. CLIA regulations establish specific standards with respect to personnel qualifications, facility administration, proficiency testing, quality control, quality assurance and inspections. CLIA certification is also required in order for us to be eligible to bill state and federal healthcare programs, as well as many private third-party payers, for our tests. We have current CLIA certifications to conduct our tests at our laboratory in Boulder, Colorado. To renew these certifications, we are subject to survey and inspection every two years. Moreover, CLIA inspectors may make random inspections of our clinical reference laboratories. 
 We also maintain out-of-state laboratory licenses to conduct testing on specimens from California, Maryland, Pennsylvania and Rhode Island. 
 States may currently have or later adopt laboratory licensure requirements, which, if operating in those states, may require us to modify, delay or stop our operations in such jurisdictions. We may also be subject to regulation in foreign jurisdictions as we seek to expand international utilization of our assay and tests or such jurisdictions adopt new licensure requirements, which may require review of our assay and tests in order to offer them or may have other limitations such as restrictions on the transport of samples necessary for us to perform our assay or tests that may limit our ability to make our tests available outside of the United States. Complying with licensure requirements in new jurisdictions may be expensive, time-consuming, and subject us to significant and unanticipated delays. 
 Failure to comply with applicable clinical laboratory licensure requirements may result in a range of enforcement actions, including license suspension, limitation, or revocation, directed plan of action, onsite monitoring, civil monetary penalties, criminal sanctions, and cancellation of the laboratory s approval to receive Medicare and Medicaid payment for its services, as well as significant adverse publicity. Any sanction imposed under CLIA, its implementing regulations, or state or foreign laws or regulations governing clinical laboratory licensure, or our failure to renew our CLIA certificate, a state or foreign license, or accreditation, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of 
 35 

Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 

 operations. Even if we were able to bring our laboratory back into compliance, we could incur significant expenses and potentially lose revenue in doing so. 
 The College of American Pathologists CAP ), maintains a clinical laboratory accreditation program. CAP asserts that its program is designed to go well beyond regulatory compliance and helps laboratories achieve the highest standards of excellence to positively impact patient care. While not required to operate a CLIA-certified laboratory, many private insurers require CAP accreditation as a condition to contracting with clinical laboratories to cover their tests. In addition, some countries outside the United States require CAP accreditation as a condition to permitting clinical laboratories to test samples taken from their citizens. We have CAP accreditations for our laboratories. Failure to maintain CAP accreditation could have a material adverse effect on the sales of our tests and the results of our operations. 
 RUO products and services may be subject to regulatory scrutiny. 
 Certain of our services and products are currently labeled and sold for RUO and not for the diagnosis or treatment of disease. Because such products are not intended for diagnostic use, and the products do not include clinical or diagnostic claims or provide directions for use as diagnostic products, they are not subject to the same level of regulation by the FDA or by regulatory agencies of the EU as medical devices. In particular, while the FDA regulations require that RUO products be appropriately labeled, For Research Use Only, the regulations do not subject such products to the FDA s pre- and post-market controls for medical devices provided that certain conditions are met. Pursuant to FDA guidance on RUO products, a company may not make clinical or diagnostic claims about an RUO product or provide clinical directions or clinical support services to customers of RUO products. A product labeled RUO but deemed by the FDA to be intended for clinical diagnostic use may be viewed by the FDA as adulterated and misbranded under the FDCA and subject to FDA enforcement action. The FDA considers the totality of the circumstances surrounding distribution and use of a product labeled as RUO, including how the product is marketed and to whom, when determining its intended use. If the FDA were to disagree with our RUO classification or modify its approach to regulating products labeled for RUO, we could experience reduced revenue or increased compliance and other costs, which could adversely affect our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition. In the event that the FDA requires marketing authorization of our RUO products in the future, the FDA may not ultimately grant any clearance, authorization or approval requested by us in a timely manner, or at all. 
 We could be adversely affected by alleged violations of the Federal Trade Commission Act or other truth-in-advertising and consumer protection laws. 
 Our advertising for current and future assay services is subject to federal and state laws that prohibit deceptive or unfair advertising and marketing practices. Under federal and state law, regulators such as the Federal Trade Commission FTC and the attorneys general AG, or district attorneys in some states) of the various states have authority to bring actions against firms that engage in false or deceptive advertising or marketing practices. The FTC s authority emanates from the Federal Trade Commission Act FTC Act ), which empowers the FTC to investigate and seek injunctive relief against deceptive or unfair acts or practices, including the dissemination of advertising claims without possession at the time of dissemination of a reasonable basis for belief that the claims are true and non-deceptive. Substantiation in the case of efficacy claims pertaining to health, safety, and life sciences generally must take the form of competent and reliable scientific evidence. Failure to have substantiation of this type is deceptive under the FTC Act and may subject the advertiser to an injunction to stop the advertising and possibly to engage in other remedial steps such as corrective advertising. Failure to comply with an FTC administrative order subjects the advertiser to significant civil penalties. States have similar unfair and deceptive acts and practices statutes (sometimes called little FTC Acts or UDAP statutes). They vary, but often the state regulator can seek monetary relief along with an order of discontinuance. 
 Both the FTC and the state AGs have broad powers, and failure to abide by the substantive requirements of the FTC Act and other consumer protection laws can result in administrative or judicial penalties, including civil penalties, injunctions affecting the manner in which we would be able to market services or products in the future, or in extreme instances criminal prosecution if significant fraud is involved. These laws relate not only to the advertising produced and disseminated by us but also to statements made by endorsers or others in third-party testimonials that are used by us in advertising in any form, including but not limited to social media. 
 Federal and state laws also give causes of action to competitors to seek injunctive and monetary relief for false and misleading advertising statements. Any person who is or may be likely to be damaged by false or misleading advertising statement may bring an action in federal court pursuant to the Lanham Act, 43(a). Proven damages may be trebled and attorney s fees and costs may be awarded in appropriate cases. There are state analogs of this sort of unfair competition statute as well. 
 Under state UDAP statutes, consumers can bring private claims against companies who disseminate false or deceptive advertising claims. Although those UDAP statutes often provide for statutory damages in the case of individual consumers, more often such cases take the form of class actions, which can lead to massive damages awards and significant awards of attorney s fees. 
 We are also subject to self-regulatory risks. The BBB National Programs, Inc. operates the National Advertising Division NAD ), which is the country s leading self-regulatory body dedicated to truth and accuracy in advertising. A competitor can 
 36 

Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 

 challenge advertising before the NAD. The process is non-public until the decision is rendered by the NAD, at which point the BBB National Programs issues a press release about the decision. Most advertisers comply with the recommendations of the NAD; those that refuse to comply can be referred to the FTC for investigation. 
 Any of the potential action described above if brought against us could disrupt our business operations, cause damage to our reputation, and result in a material adverse effects on our business. 
 We could be adversely affected by violations of the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other worldwide anti-bribery laws by us or our agents. 
 We are subject to the FCPA which prohibits companies and their intermediaries from making payments in violation of law to non-United States government officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business or securing any other improper advantage. Our reliance on independent distributors to sell our assay services internationally demands a high degree of vigilance in maintaining our policy against participation in corrupt activity, because these distributors could be deemed to be our agents, and we could be held responsible for their actions. We are also subject to similar anti-bribery laws in the jurisdictions in which we operate, including the United Kingdom s Bribery Act of 2010, which also prohibits commercial bribery and makes it a crime for companies to fail to prevent bribery. We have limited experience in complying with these laws and in developing procedures to monitor compliance with these laws by our agents. These laws are complex and far-reaching in nature, and, as a result, we cannot assure you that we would not be required in the future to alter one or more of our practices to be in compliance with these laws or any changes in these laws or the interpretation thereof. Any violations of these laws, or allegations of such violations, could disrupt our operations, involve significant management distraction, involve significant costs and expenses, including legal fees, and could result in a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, or results of operations. We could also incur severe penalties, including criminal and civil penalties, disgorgement, and other remedial measures. 
 Our business is subject to environmental regulation and regulations relating to the protection of health and safety matters that could result in compliance costs. Any violation or liability under environmental laws or health and safety regulations could harm our business. 
 We are subject to environmental and safety laws and regulations governing the use, storage and disposal of hazardous substances or wastes, including radioactive materials and wastes, and imposing liability for the cleanup of contamination from these substances. We handle hazardous substances in our manufacturing processes and in the compilation of our chemical library, and we could be liable for any improper use, storage, or disposal of such substances. We cannot completely eliminate the risk of contamination or injury from hazardous substances or wastes, and, in the event of such an incident, we could be held liable for any damages that result. In addition, we may be required to incur significant additional costs to comply with environmental laws and regulations in the future. The failure to comply with environmental or safety regulations could also result in fines by government authorities and payment of damages to private litigants, which could harm our business. 
 The Occupational Safety and Health Act of 1970 OSHA ), establishes certain employer responsibilities, including maintenance of a workplace free of recognized hazards likely to cause death or serious injury, compliance with standards promulgated by the Occupational Safety and Health Administration and various record keeping, disclosure and procedural requirements. Various OSHA standards may apply to our operations. We have incurred, and will continue to incur, capital and operating expenditures and other costs in the ordinary course of our business in complying with OSHA and other state and local laws and regulations. 
 Risks Related to SomaLogic Being a Public Company 
 Our disclosure controls and procedures may not prevent or detect all errors or acts of fraud. 
 We are in the process of implementing disclosure controls and procedures designed to provide reasonable assurance that information we must disclose in reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, and recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC. We believe that any disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well-conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple errors or mistakes. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people or by an unauthorized override of the controls. As a result, because of these inherent limitations in our control system, misstatements or omissions due to error or fraud may occur and may not be detected, which could result in failures to file required reports in a timely manner and filing reports containing incorrect information. Any of these outcomes could result in SEC enforcement actions, monetary fines or other penalties, damage to our reputation, and harm to our financial condition. 
 The Company identified material weaknesses in our internal controls over financial reporting. If our remediation measures are ineffective, or if we experience additional material weaknesses in the future or otherwise fail to maintain an effective system of internal control in the future, we may not be able to report our financial condition or 
 37 

Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 

 results of operations accurately or on a timely basis, which may adversely affect investor confidence in us and, as a result, the value of our Common Stock. 
 In prior years, and in fiscal 2022, we identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. See - Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. 
 We are in the process of remediating the deficiencies. We cannot assure you that the material weaknesses will be remediated by us on the timelines currently anticipated, or at all, and/or that there will not be additional material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting in the future. Any failure to maintain internal control over financial reporting could severely inhibit our ability to accurately report our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
 If we are we are unable to conclude that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, or if our independent registered public accounting firm determines we have a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, the market price of our Common Stock could decline, and we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by Nasdaq, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. Failure to remedy any material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, or to implement or maintain other effective control systems required of public companies, could also restrict our future access to the capital markets. 
 The requirements of being a public company may strain our resources, result in litigation and divert management s attention. 
 As a public company, we are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, the listing requirements of Nasdaq and other applicable securities rules and regulations. Complying with these rules and regulations has increased and will increase our legal and financial compliance costs, make some activities more difficult, time-consuming, or costly and increase demand on our systems and resources, particularly after we are no longer an emerging growth company as defined in the JOBS Act. The Exchange Act requires, among other things, that we file annual, quarterly, and current reports with respect to our business and operating results. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. We are required to disclose changes made in our internal control and procedures on a quarterly basis. In order to maintain and, if required, improve our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting to meet this standard, significant resources and management oversight may be required. As a result, management s attention may be diverted from other business concerns, which could adversely affect our business and operating results. We may need to hire additional employees or engage outside consultants to comply with these requirements, which will increase our costs and expenses. 
 In addition, changing laws, regulations, and standards relating to corporate governance and public disclosure are creating uncertainty for public companies, increasing legal and financial compliance costs and making some activities more time-consuming. 
 These laws, regulations, and standards are subject to varying interpretations, in many cases due to their lack of specificity, and, as a result, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance is provided by regulatory and governing bodies. This could result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and higher costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to disclosure and governance practices. We intend to invest resources to comply with evolving laws, regulations, and standards, and this investment will result in increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management s time and attention from revenue-generating activities to compliance activities. If our efforts to comply with new laws, regulations and standards differ from the activities intended by regulatory or governing bodies due to ambiguities related to their application and practice, regulatory authorities may initiate legal proceedings against us and our business may be adversely affected. By disclosing information in filings required of a public company, our business and financial condition will become more visible, which we believe may result in threatened or actual litigation, including by competitors and other third parties. If those claims are successful, our business could be seriously harmed. Even if the claims do not result in litigation or are resolved in our favor, the time and resources needed to resolve them could divert our management s resources and seriously harm our business. We also expect that being a public company and these new rules and regulations will make it more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance and, in the future, we may be required to accept reduced coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain coverage. These factors could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified members of our board of directors, particularly to serve on our audit committee and compensation committee, and qualified executive officers. 
 In addition, as a result of our disclosure obligations as a public company, we have reduced strategic flexibility and may be under pressure to focus on short-term results, which may materially and adversely affect our ability to achieve long-term profitability. 
 38 

Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 

 Risks Related to Our Common Stock and Public Warrants 
 Our principal stockholders and management own a significant percentage of our Common Stock and will be able to exercise significant influence over matters subject to stockholder approval. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our directors, executive officers, holders of more than 5 of our outstanding shares of Common Stock and their respective affiliates beneficially owned, collectively, approximately 25 of the outstanding shares of Common Stock. As a result, these stockholders, if they act together, may significantly influence all matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election of directors and approval of significant corporate transactions. This concentration of ownership may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control of our company that our other stockholders may believe is in their best interests. This in turn could have a material adverse effect on our stock price and may prevent attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove the board of directors or management. 
 We do not expect to pay any dividends for the foreseeable future. Investors may never obtain a return on their investment. 
 You should not rely on an investment in our Common Stock to provide dividend income. We do not anticipate that we will pay any dividends to holders of our Common Stock in the foreseeable future. Instead, we plan to retain any earnings to maintain and expand our existing operations, fund our research and development programs and continue to invest in our commercial infrastructure. In addition, any future credit facility or financing we obtain may contain terms prohibiting or limiting the amount of dividends that may be declared or paid on our Common Stock. Accordingly, investors must rely on sales of our Common Stock after price appreciation, which may never occur, as the only way to realize any return on their investment. As a result, investors seeking cash dividends should not purchase our Common Stock. 
 Our warrants are accounted for as liabilities and the changes in value of our warrants could have a material effect on our financial results. 
 Our 5,519,991 Public Warrants and 5,013,333 Private Placement Warrants are classified as derivative liabilities measured at fair value, with changes in fair value each period reported in earnings. Accounting Standards Codification 815, Derivatives and Hedging, provides for the remeasurement of the fair value of such derivatives at each balance sheet date, with a resulting non-cash gain or loss related to the change in the fair value being recognized in earnings in the statement of operations. As a result of the recurring fair value measurement, our financial statements and results of operations may fluctuate quarterly, based on factors, which are outside of our control. Due to the recurring fair value measurement, we expect that we will recognize non-cash gains or losses on our warrants each reporting period and that the amount of such gains or losses could be material. 
 We may amend the terms of the Public Warrants with the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then-outstanding Public Warrants in a manner that may be adverse to holders. As a result, the exercise price of a holder s Public Warrants could be increased, the exercise period could be shortened and/or the number of shares of our Common Stock purchasable upon exercise of a Public Warrant could be decreased, all without the approval of that warrant holder. 
 Our Public Warrants were issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between CM Life Sciences II Inc. CMLS II and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the Public Warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision, but requires the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then-outstanding Public Warrants to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders. Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the Public Warrants in a manner adverse to a holder if holders of at least 50 of the then-outstanding Public Warrants approve of such amendment. Although our ability to amend the terms of the Public Warrants with the consent of at least 50 of the then-outstanding Public Warrants is unlimited, examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among other things, increase the exercise price of the Public Warrants, convert the warrants into cash or stock, shorten the exercise period or decrease the number of shares of Common Stock purchasable upon exercise of a Public Warrant. 
 We may redeem unexpired Public Warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to warrant holders, thereby making their Public Warrants worthless. 
 We have the ability to redeem outstanding Public Warrants (i) at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.01 per Public Warrant; provided that the last reported sales price of our Common Stock equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading-day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which we give notice of such redemption to the warrant holders; and (ii) at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.10 per Public Warrant; provided that the last reported sales price of our Common Stock equals or exceeds 10.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which we give notice of such redemption to the warrant holders; provided further that, if the last reported sales price of our Common Stock is less than 18.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 
 39 

Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 

 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which we give notice of such redemption to the warrant holders, the Private Placement Warrants must also be concurrently called for redemption on the same terms as the outstanding Public Warrants, as described above. 
 If and when the Public Warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. We will use our best efforts to register or qualify such shares of Common Stock under the blue sky laws of the state of residence in those states in which the warrants were offered by us. Redemption of the outstanding Public Warrants could force the warrant holders: (i) to exercise their Public Warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for them to do so; (ii) to sell their Public Warrants at the then-current market price when they might otherwise wish to hold their Public Warrants; or (iii) to accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding Public Warrants are called for redemption, is likely to be substantially less than the market value of their Public Warrants. None of the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by us (except as described in the section entitled Redemption of Warrants When the Price per Share of Common Stock Equals or Exceeds 10.00 so long as they are held by the Sponsor or its permitted transferees. 
 Our warrants are exercisable for our Common Stock, which will increase the number of shares eligible for future resale in the public market and result in dilution to our stockholders. 
 Our Public Warrants are exercisable for up to 5,519,991 shares of Common Stock at 11.50 per share. Our Private Placement Warrants are exercisable for up to 5,013,333 shares of Common Stock at 11.50 per share. The additional shares of our Common Stock issuable upon exercise of our warrants will result in dilution to the then existing holders of our Common Stock and increase the number of shares eligible for resale in the public market. Sales of substantial numbers of such shares in the public market could adversely affect the market price of our Common Stock. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 We currently maintain our executive offices at 2945 Wilderness Place, Boulder, Colorado 80301. We lease approximately 77,000 square feet of space under three leases in Boulder, Colorado, which serve as our corporate headquarters and laboratory facilities. In February 2022 we entered into two lease agreements, each for commercial buildings to be constructed in Louisville, Colorado. In August 2022 the Company evaluated the cost of the two Louisville, Colorado leases and determined that it would be in the best interest of the Company to terminate these agreements and maintain the location of its current headquarters. . As a result of the Palamedrix acquisition, we also lease approximately 10,000 square feet of office and laboratory space in La Jolla, California and the lease terminates in 2024. 
 
 We do not own any real property, and believe our current facilities are sufficient to meet our immediate needs. In anticipation of future growth, we believe we will be able to obtain additional facilities on commercially reasonable terms and on an acceptable timeline. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 We are party to lawsuits arising in the ordinary course of our business. We cannot predict the outcome of any such lawsuits with certainty, but based upon the Company s experience, current information and applicable law, management believes it is remote that pending or threatened legal matters will have a material adverse impact on our consolidated results of operations, financial condition, or liquidity. 
 Due to the nature of our business, we are, from time to time, involved in other routine litigation or subject to disputes or claims related to our business activities. In the opinion of our management, none of these other pending litigation, disputes or claims against us, if decided adversely, will have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, cash flows or results of operations. 
 
 On February 12, 2023, the Company filed a petition in the Delaware Court of Chancery (the Court of Chancery pursuant to Section 205 of the Delaware General Corporation Law DGCL ), seeking validation of an amendment to our certificate of incorporation (the Certificate Amendment which, among other things, increased the authorized shares of the Company s common stock from 400,000,000 to 600,000,000 shares of common stock (eliminating our Class B common stock and renaming Class A common stock as common stock (the Section 205 Action ). On March 6, 2023, the Court of Chancery held a hearing on the Section 205 Action and granted an order pursuant to Section 205 of the DGCL validating the Company s Certificate Amendment and all shares of capital stock of the Company issued in reliance on the effectiveness of the Company s Certificate Amendment, each as of the date and time of the original issuance of such shares. 
 40 

Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 

 However, in the event of unexpected further developments, it is possible that the ultimate resolution of these matters, or other similar matters, if unfavorable, may be materially adverse to the Company s business, financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. For additional details, see Part II, Item 8, Note 9, Commitments and Contingencies - Legal Proceedings , in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 15 of this Form 10-K, which is incorporated by reference. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 41 

Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 

 PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Common Stock 
 Our Common Stock is listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol SLGC. Our certificate of incorporation authorizes the issuance of 600,000,000 shares of Common Stock with a par value of 0.0001 per share. The Company had 187,647,973 shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 
 Preferred Stock 
 Our certificate of incorporation authorizes the issuance of 1,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock with a par value of 0.0001 per share. As of December 31, 2022, no shares of Preferred Stock were issued and outstanding, and no designation of rights and preferences of preferred stock had been adopted. Our preferred stock is not quoted on any market or system, and there is not currently a market for our preferred stock. 
 Holders 
 Based on information supplied by its transfer agent, the Company estimates that there are approximately 247 holders of record of our Common Stock and 1 holder of record of our public warrants. Such numbers do not include beneficial owners holding our securities through nominee names. 
 Dividends 
 We have not paid any cash dividends on our ordinary shares to date. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition and will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. Our board of directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any share dividends in the foreseeable future. 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 
 Refer to Part III, Item 12, for information related to our equity compensation plans. 

Item 6. [Reserved] 

Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The following discussion and analysis of SomaLogic s results of operations and financial condition should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes included in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K. This discussion contains forward-looking statements based upon SomaLogic s current expectations, estimates and projections that involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements due to, among other considerations, the matters discussed under Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Business Overview 
 As of December 31, 2022, our current SomaScan assay includes reagents to measure approximately 7,000 protein targets of the approximately 20,000 canonical human proteins, and we plan to increase this commercially available number of protein targets to approximately 10,000 in late 2023. 
 
 Currently, we primarily generate revenue through our assay services model, whereby we receive samples from pharmaceutical, biotechnology or academic clients, perform the SomaScan assay, and subsequently use bioinformatics and analytics to further refine the collected data and deliver the results back to the customer. 
 
 In addition to the SomaScan assay, we have developed and released SomaSignal tests into an observation market. The SomaSignal tests are data-driven diagnostic tests with high predictive power of biological disease and risks to patients that have a wide range of potential applications. We are currently evaluating a variety of different partnerships to drive adoption of SomaSignal tests. 
 
 We also generate product revenue, primarily through the sale of SomaScan kits and equipment for SomaScan Certified Sites, which allow customers to bring our proteomic platform in-house. 
 
 42 

Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 

 As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 451 full-time employees, including a research and development team of more than 94 employees. 
 
 Our commercial and product development teams are consistently partnering with our customers to develop products and services that speed up the adoption of proteomics for our customers, including data analysis, data integration and ease of use tool sets. We are also actively exploring several potential co-marketing and new channel and product development opportunities with various partners in closely aligned scientific verticals, such as genomics. 
 
 We have historically and will continue to invest in new products and solutions. Our research and development efforts are primarily focused on developing new proteomic content and additional SomaSignal tests as well as developing new applications for existing technologies. 
 
 Since our inception, we have incurred net losses in each year. Our net losses were 109.2 million and 87.5 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 608.1 million, cash and cash equivalents of 421.8 million, and short-term investments of 117.8 million. We expect to continue to incur significant expenses for the foreseeable future and to incur operating losses. 
 
 In August 2022, the Company completed its acquisition of Palamedrix, Inc., an innovator in DNA nanotechnology, which the Company intends to leverage as it develops the next generation of the SomaScan Assay and which SomaLogic believes will accelerate the SomaScan Platform utilization in global biopharma and academic markets, as well as the emerging proteomic diagnostics space. 
 
 As part of a broader strategic review of the Company s business and organizational structure, in October 2022, the Company s Board appointed Troy Cox, a current director of the Company and veteran executive in the life sciences industry, as Executive Chair of the Board with oversight responsibilities and as the Company s principal executive officer. 
 
 In addition to the new executive leadership of Mr. Cox, and also in connection with the strategic review, in December 2022, we announced a workforce reduction plan to reduce operating costs and focus on long-term growth opportunities in our life sciences business. As a result, we reduced our workforce by approximately 16 , with a majority of these employees separating in December of 2022 and the remaining affected employees separating over the next three-month period. 
 
 SPAC Merger 
 On September 1, 2021 (the Closing Date ), we consummated a business combination with a special purpose acquisition company (the SPAC Merger contemplated by the Merger Agreement, dated March 28, 2021 by and among CMLS II, S-Craft Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a direct, wholly-owned subsidiary of CMLS II Merger Sub ), and SomaLogic Operating Old SomaLogic ). Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Merger Sub merged with and into Old SomaLogic, with Old SomaLogic surviving the merger as a wholly-owned subsidiary of CMLS II. Upon the closing of the SPAC Merger, CMLS II changed its name to SomaLogic, Inc., and Old SomaLogic changed its name to SomaLogic Operating Co., Inc. 
 Unless the context otherwise requires, the terms we , us , our , SomaLogic" and the Company" refer to, for periods prior to the completion of the SPAC Merger, SomaLogic, Inc. and its subsidiaries, and, for periods upon or after the completion of the SPAC Merger, SomaLogic, Inc., the combined company and its subsidiaries. See Note 3, Business Combinations , for more details of the SPAC Merger and, the presentation of historical amounts and balances after the SPAC Merger. Our Common Stock and warrants to purchase Common Stock are listed on the Nasdaq under the ticker symbols SLGC and SLGCW , respectively. 

Factors Affecting Our Performance 
 
 The following factors have been important to our business and we expect them to impact our results of operations and financial condition in future periods: 
 
 Continued adoption of our services and products: 
 
 We have a well-established base of marquee customer and Key Opinion Leaders KOL relationships in place, and as we grow further, we expect to win contracts with new customers and expand the scope of existing contracts with existing customers. 
 
 43 

Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 

 We plan to develop and grow our offering of reagents and corresponding solutions, including both small and large plex capabilities, site-of-service deployed assay options, and bioinformatics offerings to attract additional customers and cross-sell to existing customers. 
 
 We continue to focus on growing our proteomics database and artificial intelligence and machine learning analytics to drive value and market opportunities. 
 
 We expect our total revenue may vary from period to period based on, among other things, the timing and size of new contracts, fluctuations in customer consumption of and adoption trends, ramp time and productivity of our salesforce, the impact of significant transactions, and seasonality. Failure to effectively develop and expand our sales and marketing capabilities or improve the productivity of our sales and marketing organization could harm our ability to expand our potential customer and sales pipeline, increase our customer base, and achieve broader market acceptance of our offering. 
 
 Continued investment in growth: 
 
 We continue to invest significantly in our laboratory process and commercial infrastructure. 
 
 Investments in research and development will include hiring of employees with the necessary scientific and technical backgrounds to enable enhancements to our existing services and products and bring new services and products to market. 
 
 Ability to lower the costs associated with performing the assay: 
 
 We intend to reduce the cost of manufacturing inventory by, in part, modifying our assays and laboratory processes to use materials and technologies that provide equal or greater quality at lower cost, improving how we manage our materials and negotiating favorable terms for our materials purchases. 
 
 We intend to reduce the cost of performing our SomaScan assay as we move to either a less expensive array or Next Generation Sequencing system for our DNA readout of the protein concentrations present in a sample. 
 
 Seasonality: 
 
 Our revenue can be seasonal dependent upon the procurement and budgeting cycles of many of our customers, especially government- or grant-funded customers, whose cycles often coincide with government fiscal year ends. 
 
 Development and commercialization of clinical diagnostic tests: 
 
 We aim to continue to advance our portfolio of clinical diagnostic tests that leverage our proprietary proteomics platform and artificial intelligence-enabled bioinformatics. By developing additional tests, the Company can provide more options to customers and collaborators and further commercialize our platform driving growth in revenue. 
 
 Expansion of our proteomic content: 
 
 To maintain our competitive advantage, we plan to increase the number of protein reagents for commercial availability based on allocated funding, resource availability, and the successful validation of new reagents. 
 
 Macroeconomic conditions: 
 
 A deterioration in macroeconomic economic conditions including risk of recession, decreased government funding, effects of inflation, labor shortages, supply chain issues and higher interest rates could impact both our and our customers operations. We could experience pricing pressure and decreased demand as a result. 
 
 Components of Results of Operations 
 Revenue 
 We derive our revenue from four primary sources: (1) assay services revenue, (2) product revenue, (3) collaboration revenue, and (4) other revenue. Customers include top biopharmaceutical companies and leading academic research universities. 
 44 

Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 

 Assay services revenue 
 We generate assay services revenue primarily from the sale of SomaScan services. SomaScan service revenue is derived from performing the SomaScan assay on customer samples to generate data on protein biomarkers. We expect assay services revenue to increase over the long-term with new and recurring sales opportunities. With the enhancement of our proteomic services, we expect to capture more market opportunities outside of the United States region, as well as winning contracts with new customers and expanding the scope of sales with existing customers. 
 Product revenue 
 Product revenue primarily consists of equipment and kit sales, which enable our customers to bring the SomaScan proteomic platform in-house and to build lines of business based on this technology. The establishment of SomaScan Certified Sites will allow SomaLogic to quickly grow into new geographic regions and expand our customer base. 
 Collaboration revenue 
 Collaboration revenue consists of fees earned for research and development services, except for grant revenue research and development services that are classified in other revenue. Collaboration revenue currently relates to an arrangement with one customer, NEC Solution Innovators, Ltd. NES ), a wholly owned subsidiary of NEC Corporation NEC ). We believe expanding collaborative arrangements with KOLs will allow for further enhancements of our integrated platform, lower barriers to adoption and introduce or expand new market channels and customers within geographic regions and markets we do not currently operate in. 
 Other revenue 
 Other revenue includes royalty revenue and revenue received from research grants. The Company recognizes royalty revenue for fees paid by customers in return for a license to make, use or sell certain licensed products in certain geographic areas in the period in which the subsequent sale or usage has occurred. A license arrangement entered into in September 2022 with New England BioLabs NEB includes guaranteed fixed minimum royalties for which revenue has been recognized, net of the effect of a significant financing component. Any revenue above the guaranteed fixed minimum royalties is recognized in the period in which the subsequent sale or usage has occurred. Grant revenue represents funding under cost reimbursement programs from government agencies, and non-profit foundations for qualified research and development activities performed by the Company. We expect other revenue to continue to grow as we expand our commercial team and continue to pursue additional licensing relationships. 
 Cost of revenue 
 Cost of assay services revenue 
 Cost of assay services revenue consists of raw materials and production costs, salaries and other personnel costs, overhead and other direct costs related to assay services revenue. It also includes costs for production variances, such as yield losses, material usages, spending and capacity variances. Cost of assay services revenue is recognized in the period the related revenue is recognized. 
 We expect cost of assay services revenue to increase as we grow our sample volume. We expect the cost per sample to decrease over the long term due to the efficiencies we may gain as sample volume increases from improved utilization of our laboratory capacity and other value engineering initiatives. If our sample volume throughput is reduced cost of revenue as a percentage of total revenue may be adversely impacted due to fixed overhead cost. 
 Cost of product revenue 
 Cost of product revenue consists primarily of raw materials, equipment and production costs, salaries and other personnel costs, overhead and other direct costs related to product revenue. Cost of product revenue is recognized in the period the related revenue is recognized. Shipping and handling costs incurred for product shipments are included in cost of product revenue in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 
 Research and development 
 Research and development expenses consist primarily of salaries and benefits, laboratory supplies, clinical study costs, consulting fees and related costs. We believe that our continued investment in research and development is essential to our long-term competitive position. We plan to continue to invest significantly in our research and development efforts, including hiring additional employees, with an expected focus on advancing our assay and our bioinformatics platform, new clinical studies, as well as lowering the cost of assays. As a result of these and other initiatives, we expect research and development expenses will increase in absolute dollars in future periods and vary from period to period as a percentage of revenue. 
 45 

Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 

 Selling, general and administrative 
 Selling expenses consist primarily of personnel and marketing related costs. General and administrative expenses consist primarily of personnel costs for our finance, human resources, business development and general management, as well as professional services, such as legal and accounting services. 
 As we continue to introduce new services and products, broaden our customer base and grow our business, we expect selling, general and administrative expenses to increase in future periods as the number of sales and marketing and administrative personnel grows. We also anticipate incurring increased accounting, audit, legal, regulatory, compliance, director and officer insurance costs, as well as, investor and public relations expenses associated with operating as a public company. 
 Interest income and other, net 
 Interest income and other, net primarily consists of interest earned on our cash equivalents and investments, which are invested in money market funds, commercial paper, U.S Treasuries, asset-backed securities, corporate bonds, and agency bonds. Interest income and other, net also includes interest income recognized related to a significant financing component. 
 Interest expense 
 Interest expense is attributable to our borrowings under debt agreements. 
 Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 
 Change in fair value of warrant liabilities consists of changes in fair value related to the Public Warrant and Private Warrant liabilities. The warrant liabilities are classified as marked-to-market liabilities pursuant to ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging ASC 815 ), and the corresponding increase or decrease in value impacts our net loss. 
 Change in fair value of earn-out liability 
 Change in fair value of earn-out liability consists of changes in the earn-out liability related to Earn-Out Shares issuable to former stockholders of Old SomaLogic. The earn-out liability is classified as a marked-to-market liability pursuant to ASC 815 and the corresponding increase or decrease in value impacts our net loss. 
 Loss on extinguishment of debt, net 
 Loss on extinguishment of debt, net consists of a loss on extinguishment of debt due to conversion of the Convertible Debt and repayment of the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, and offset by a gain on extinguishment of debt due to forgiveness of the Paycheck Protection Program PPP loan during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 Comparison of the year ended December 31, 2022 versus the year ended December 31, 2021 
 Revenue 
 Year Ended December 31, Change (in thousands) 2022 2021 Revenue: Assay services revenue 63,038 68,038 (5,000) (7) Product revenue 4,243 1,277 2,966 NM Collaboration revenue 3,051 3,051 Other revenue 27,334 9,260 18,074 195 Total revenue 97,666 81,626 16,040 20 NM A percentage calculation is not meaningful due to change in signs, a zero-value denominator or a percentage change greater than 200. 
 Total revenue increased by 16.0 million, or 20 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Assay services revenue decreased by 5.0 million, or 7 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to a decrease in average selling price driven by customer mix, offset by a slight increase in sample volumes resulting from fluctuations in consumer consumption. 
 Product revenue increased by 3.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to the sale of equipment and kits to new kits customers. 
 46 

Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 

 Other revenue increased by 18.1 million, or 195 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to a 17.7 million increase in royalty revenue driven by recognition of 8.0 million of previously constrained royalty revenues and 13.2 million related to guaranteed fixed minimum royalties, net of the effect of a significant financing component, offset by a 3.5 million decrease in sales-based royalties driven by a decrease in COVID research testing. 
 Cost of revenue 
 Year Ended December 31, Change (in thousands) 2022 2021 Cost of assay services revenue 41,419 32,782 8,637 26 Cost of product revenue 1,945 681 1,264 186 Total cost of revenue 43,364 33,463 9,901 30 
 Total cost of revenue increased by 9.9 million, or 30 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Cost of assay services revenue increased by 8.6 million, or 26 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in cost of assay services revenue was primarily due to slight increase in sample volume and varying degrees of production inefficiencies due to delays in sample receipts, along with inventory scrap charges. 
 
 Cost of product revenue increased by 1.3 million, or 186 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to the sale of equipment and kits to new kits customers. 
 Research and development 
 Year Ended December 31, Change (in thousands) 2022 2021 Research and development 73,444 43,496 29,948 69 
 Research and development increased by 29.9 million, or 69 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in research and development was primarily due to an 18.3 million increase in professional services and supplies related to projects for content expansion and cost reduction, a 6.4 million increase in internal clinical studies, a 7.0 million increase in wages and benefits due to increased headcount, a 3.6 million increase in stock-based compensation expense due to new equity awards and Earn-Out Shares issued to Earn-Out Service Providers, offset by a 6.5 million non-recurring, non-cash stock-based compensation expense incurred in the prior year related to the sale of stock and vested options by an employee to an economic interest holder in excess of fair value.The Company has also incurred 1.1 million of restructuring charges during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Selling, general, and administrative 
 Year Ended December 31, Change (in thousands) 2022 2021 Selling, general and administrative 156,619 77,971 78,648 101 
 Selling, general, and administrative increased by 78.6 million, or 101 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in selling, general and administrative was primarily due to a 6.7 million increase in advisory and management services incurred in relation to public-company compliance and other transactions, including costs incurred in relation to the Palamedrix acquisition, a 27.7 million increase in wages and benefits due to increased headcount in our commercial and administrative teams, a 15.9 million increase in services incurred related to marketing initiatives and product development, and a 10.2 million increase in stock-based compensation expense due to new equity awards and Earn-Out Shares issued to Earn-Out Service Providers. Additionally, the Company has incurred 5.0 million of lease termination fees, a 7.8 million stock-based compensation expense related to the accelerated vesting of options held by terminated executives, 1.4 million severance related to the terminated executives, and a 2.4 million loss on disposals of assets related to abandonment of certain uncompleted internally developed software projects. The Company has also incurred 1.5 million of restructuring charges during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 47 

Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 

 Other income (expense) 
 Year Ended December 31, Change (in thousands) 2022 2021 Other income (expense): Interest income and other, net 8,049 263 7,786 NM Interest expense (1,324) 1,324 (100) Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 30,968 (6,952) 37,920 NM Change in fair value of earn-out liability 26,870 (1,869) 28,739 NM Loss on extinguishment of debt, net (4,323) 4,323 (100) Total other income (expense) 65,887 (14,205) 80,092 NM NM A percentage calculation is not meaningful due to change in signs, a zero-value denominator or a percentage change greater than 200. 
 Interest income and other, net increased by 7.8 million, for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to an average higher cash equivalents and investment balances as well as rising interest rates during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Interest expense decreased by 1.3 million, or 100 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to the interest on the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement during the period ended December 31, 2021. The credit agreement was paid back in full in April 2021. 
 Change in fair value of warrant liabilities of 37.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, due to the remeasurement of the warrant liabilities. 
 Change in fair value of the earn-out liability of 28.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, due to the remeasurement of the earn-out liability. 
 Loss on extinguishment of debt, net of 4.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 is due to a 5.2 million loss on extinguishment of debt as a result of the repayment of the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement in April 2021, a 2.7 million loss on extinguishment of debt as a result of the conversion of the Convertible Debt in July 2021 offset by a 3.6 million gain on extinguishment of debt as of result of the forgiveness of the PPP loan in June 2021. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 Year Ended December 31, Change (in thousands) 2022 2021 Income tax benefit (provision) 717 (38) 755 NM 
 NM A percentage calculation is not meaningful due to change in signs, a zero-value denominator or a percentage change greater than 200. 
 
 The income tax benefit for the year ended December 31, 2022 resulted primarily from changes in the valuation allowance due to deferred tax liabilities resulting from acquired indefinite lived intangible assets as part of the acquisition of Palamedrix. 
 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 We present non-GAAP financial measures in order to assist readers of our consolidated financial statements in understanding the core operating results used by management to evaluate and run the business, as well as, for financial planning purposes. Our non-GAAP financial measure, Adjusted EBITDA, provides an additional tool for investors to use in comparing our financial performance over multiple periods. 
 Adjusted EBITDA is a key performance measure that our management uses to assess its operating performance. Adjusted EBITDA facilitates internal comparisons of our operating performance on a more consistent basis, and we use this measure for business planning, forecasting, and decision-making. We believe that Adjusted EBITDA enhances an investor s understanding of our financial performance as it is useful in assessing our operating performance from period-to-period by excluding certain items that we believe are not representative of our core business. 
 Adjusted EBITDA should not be considered as an alternative to, or more meaningful than, net loss as determined in accordance with GAAP or as an indicator of our operating performance. Certain items excluded from Adjusted EBITDA are significant components in understanding and assessing a company s financial performance. Our presentation of Adjusted EBITDA should not be construed as an inference that our results will be unaffected by those adjusted items. Our Adjusted EBITDA may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies because they may not calculate this measure in the same manner. 
 48 

Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 

 Adjusted EBITDA 
 We calculate Adjusted EBITDA as net loss adjusted to exclude interest income and other, net, interest expense, income tax benefit, depreciation and amortization, and other non-recurring items. The other non-recurring items include the loss on extinguishment of debt, net, stock-based compensation related to the secondary sale transaction, change in the fair value of warrant liabilities and the earn-out liability, stock compensation expense related to equity award modifications and restructuring charges 
 The following table is a reconciliation of net loss in accordance with GAAP to non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 
 Year Ended December 31, (in thousands) 2022 2021 Net loss (109,157) (87,547) Adjustments to reconcile to EBITDA: Interest income and other, net (8,049) (263) Interest expense 1,324 Income tax benefit (provision) (717) 38 Depreciation and amortization 4,571 2,569 EBITDA (113,352) (83,879) Adjustments to reconcile to Adjusted EBITDA: Loss on extinguishment debt, net (1) 
 4,323 Change in fair value of warrant liabilities (2) 
 (30,968) 6,952 Change in fair value of earn-out liability (3) 
 (26,870) 1,869 Stock-based compensation expense related to the secondary sale transaction (4) 
 6,461 Stock compensation expense related to equity award modifications (5) 
 7,661 700 Restructuring charges (6) 
 2,888 Adjusted EBITDA (160,641) (63,574) 
 (1) Represents the 5.2 million loss on extinguishment of debt as a result of the repayment of the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement in April 2021, a 2.7 million loss on extinguishment of debt as a result of the conversion of the Convertible Debt in July 2021 and offset by the 3.6 million gain on extinguishment of debt as a result of the forgiveness of the PPP loan in June 2021. 
 (2) Represents change in fair value of warrant liabilities. See Note 5, Fair Value Measurements , for more details. 
 (3) Represents change in fair value of earn-out liability. See Note 5, Fair Value Measurements , for more details. 
 (4) Represents a one-time non-cash stock-based compensation expense of 6.5 million related to the sale of stock and vested options by an employee to an economic interest holder in excess of fair value. See Note 13, Stock-based Compensation , for more details. 
 (5) Represents stock-based compensation expense related to equity modifications. See Note 13, Stock-based Compensation , for more details. 
 (6) Represents restructuring charges related to the Strategic Reorganization consisting of severance, other termination benefit costs, and non-cash stock-based compensation expense. See Note 18, Restructuring , for more details. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Historically, our primary sources of liquidity have been revenue collected from our customers, net proceeds from sale of our capital stock, and borrowings from debt facilities. We received net proceeds of 530.1 million from the SPAC Merger and PIPE Investment on September 1, 2021. We expect our operating cash flows to further improve as we increase operational efficiencies and experience economies of scale. 
 We believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents and investments will be sufficient to support working capital and capital expenditure requirements for at least the next 12 months. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including our sample volume growth rate, the pace of expansion of sales and marketing activities, the timing and extent of spending to supporting research and development efforts, the introduction of new and enhanced products and services, and the level of costs to operate as a public company. 
 Our borrowings from debt facilities were provided from three different sources. 
 
 On April 9, 2021, the Company repaid the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement in full and the obligation was extinguished. In addition to the outstanding principal balance of 33.3 million as of that date, the Company also paid a prepayment penalty of approximately 4.0 million. 
 
 In April 2020, we received a loan in the aggregate amount of 3.5 million, pursuant to the Paycheck Protection Program, established pursuant to the recently enacted Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act CARES Act and administered by the United States Small Business Administration. Under the terms of the 
 49 

Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 

 CARES Act, we applied for and received forgiveness on June 21, 2021 for the full amount borrowed under the PPP loan, including less than 0.1 million of accrued interest, which was recognized as a gain on extinguishment of debt during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 On July 9, 2021, the holder of the Convertible Debt converted the Convertible Debt into 682,070 shares of Old SomaLogic Class B common stock. The 682,070 shares of Old SomaLogic Class B common stock that were issued for the conversion of the Convertible Debt are presented in the consolidated statements of stockholders equity as 571,642 shares of Common Stock as a result of the reverse recapitalization. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, no debt obligations are outstanding. 
 We may be required to seek additional equity or debt financing. In the event the Company requires additional financing, we may not be able to raise such financing on terms acceptable to us or at all. If we are unable to raise additional capital or generate cash flows necessary to expand our operations and invest in continued innovation, we may not be able to compete successfully, which would harm our business, operations, and financial condition. 
 
 We have also entered into various operating lease agreements for administrative and laboratory facilities in Boulder, Colorado. As of December 31, 2022, our total future lease payments were 4.7 million. 
 
 Cash flows 
 The following table summarizes our cash flows for the periods presented: 
 Year Ended December 31, (in thousands) 2022 2021 Net cash used in operating activities (100,669) (40,384) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 82,542 (182,019) Net cash provided by financing activities 5,185 497,491 Effect of exchange rates on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash (43) (14) Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash (12,985) 275,074 
 Cash flows from operating activities 
 
 Cash used in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 100.7 million, which was primarily attributable to a net loss of 109.2 million, which included a non-cash gain on the change in fair value of the earn-out liability of 26.9 million, a non-cash gain on the change in fair value of warrant liabilities of 31.0 million, a non-cash amortization of premium on available-for-sale securities, net, of 1.0 million, and a non-cash income tax benefit of 0.8 million. This was partially offset by non-cash stock-based compensation expense of 43.6 million, non-cash depreciation and amortization of 4.6 million, non-cash provision for excess and obsolete inventory of 0.5 million, and loss on disposal of assets of 2.4 million. Additionally, we incurred 11.1 million in cloud computing arrangement expenditures and experienced a net increase in our operating assets and liabilities of 28.0 million. 
 Cash used in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 40.4 million, which was primarily attributable to a net loss of 87.5 million and was partially offset by non-cash stock-based compensation expense of 28.4 million, non-cash change in the fair value of the warrant liabilities of 7.0 million, non-cash change in the fair value of the earn-out liability of 1.9 million, loss on extinguishment of debt, net of 4.3 million, non-cash depreciation and amortization of 2.6 million, non-cash PIK interest expense of 0.2 million, non-cash provision for excess and obsolete inventory of 0.7 million, non-cash amortization of premium on available-for-sale securities, net, of 0.4 million, non-cash amortization of debt issuance costs, discounts and premiums of 0.3 million. Additionally, we incurred 3.4 million in cloud computing arrangement expenditures and experienced a net increase in our operating assets and liabilities of 4.9 million. 
 Cash flows from investing activities 
 Cash provided by investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 82.5 million, consisting of proceeds received of 101.0 million from maturities of available-for-sale securities, net of purchases. This was offset by 5.2 million for the purchase of property and equipment, and 13.3 million acquisition of Palamedrix, net of cash acquired. 
 Cash used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 182.0 million, consisting of 178.7 million for the purchase of available-for-sale securities, net of proceeds from maturities of available-for-sale securities, and 3.3 million for the purchase of property and equipment. 
 Cash flows from financing activities 
 Cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 5.2 million, which was attributable to the proceeds from the exercise of options to purchase our common stock. 
 50 

Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 

 Cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 497.5 million, consisting of the 357.2 million in net proceeds from the PIPE investment, 172.9 million in net proceeds from the SPAC Merger, and 3.9 million in proceeds from the exercise of options to purchase our common stock. The cash provided by financing activities was partially offset by the 36.5 million repayment of the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements which have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP. The preparation of the consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, costs, expenses and related disclosures. We evaluate our estimates and judgments on an on-going basis. We base our estimates on current facts, historical and anticipated results, trends, and other relevant assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results could differ from these estimates, and such differences could be material to the Company s consolidated financial position and results of operations. Within the context of these critical accounting policies, we are not currently aware of any reasonably likely event that would result in materially different amounts being reported. 
 While our significant accounting policies are described in more detail in Note 2, Significant Accounting Policies , in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data , we believe that the following accounting policies are those most critical as they require difficult, subjective, and/or complex judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. 
 Revenue recognition 
 We recognize revenue from sales to customers under ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers . ASC 606 provides a five-step model for recognizing revenue that includes identifying the contract with a customer, identifying the performance obligations in the contract, determining the transaction price, allocating the transaction price to the performance obligations, and recognizing revenue when, or as, an entity satisfies a performance obligation. 
 We recognize revenue when or as control of promised goods or services is transferred to the customers, in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. Sales, value add, and other taxes collected concurrent with revenue-producing activities are excluded from revenue and products are sold without the right of return. 
 Payment terms may vary by customer, are based on customary commercial terms, and are generally less than one year. We do not adjust revenue for the effects of a significant financing component for contracts where the period between the transfer of the goods or services and collection is one year or less. We expense incremental costs to obtain a contract as incurred since the amortization period of the asset that would otherwise be recognized is one year or less. 
 Assay services revenue 
 We generate assay services revenue primarily from the sale of SomaScan services. SomaScan service revenue is derived from performing the SomaScan assay on customer samples to generate data on protein biomarkers. Revenue from SomaScan services is recognized at the time the analysis data or report is delivered to the customer, which is when control has been transferred to the customer. SomaScan services are sold at a fixed price per sample without any volume discounts, rebates or refunds. 
 The delivery of each assay data report is a separate performance obligation. For arrangements with multiple performance obligations, the transaction price must be allocated to each performance obligation based on its relative standalone selling price. When assay services are included with other products or services within a customer contract, judgment is required to determine whether the promises are distinct or should be combined and to determine the transaction price allocation and standalone selling price. Standalone selling price is primarily determined based on amounts invoiced to customers in observable transactions. Standalone selling price varies depending on customer size, volume and contract length. 
 Product revenue 
 Product revenue primarily consists of equipment and kit sales to customers that assay samples in their own laboratories. Equipment is generally accounted for as a bundle with installation, qualification and training services. Revenue is recognized based on the progress made toward achieving the performance obligation utilizing input methods, including costs incurred. The Company receives fixed consideration per kit and revenue from kit sales is recognized upon transfer of control to the customer. Shipping and handling costs billed to customers are included in product revenue in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 
 51 

Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 

 Collaboration revenue 
 We provide research and development services that are accounted for in accordance with ASC 808, Collaborative Arrangements , because both parties are active participants and are exposed to significant risks and rewards depending on the activity s commercial failure or success. The most critical judgments used to estimate revenue from collaborative arrangements include the determination of units of account within the scope of ASC 606, the number of distinct performance obligations, estimation of transaction price including allocation to the identified performance obligations, and determination of the pattern of recognition. 
 Other revenue 
 Other revenue includes royalty revenue and revenue received from research grants. We recognize royalty revenue for fees paid by customers in return for a functional license of intellectual property to make, use or sell certain licensed products in certain geographic areas in the period in which the subsequent sale or usage has occurred. A royalty arrangement entered into in September 2022 with New England BioLabs NEB includes guaranteed fixed minimum royalties for which revenue has been recognized, net of the effect of a significant financing component. Any revenue above the guaranteed fixed minimum royalties is recognized in the period in which the subsequent sale or usage has occurred. 
 Grant revenue represents funding under cost reimbursement programs from government agencies and non-profit foundations for qualified research and development activities performed by the Company. For efforts performed under these grant agreements, our policy is to recognize revenue when it is reasonably assured that the grant funding will be received as evidenced through the existence of a grant arrangement, amounts eligible for reimbursement are determinable and have been incurred, the applicable conditions under the grant arrangements have been met, and collectability of amounts due is reasonably assured. The classification of costs incurred related to grants is based on the nature of the activities provided by the Company. Grant revenue is recognized when the related costs are incurred and recorded in other revenue in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 
 Illumina Cambridge, Ltd. 
 On December 31, 2021, the Company entered into a multi-year arrangement with Illumina Cambridge, Ltd. Illumina Agreement to jointly develop and commercialize co-branded kits that will combine Illumina s Next Generation Sequencing NGS technology with SomaLogic s SomaScan technology. Pursuant to the agreement, we received a non-refundable upfront payment of 30.0 million on January 4, 2022. This arrangement is accounted for in accordance with ASC 606 by analogy. The Company concluded there are two performance obligations:: (1) SOMAmer reagents necessary to develop and commercialize NGS based proteomic products, inclusive of the rights to licenses, patents and training to allow for the use of such reagents and (2) an option to purchase goods post-commercialization with a material right Material Right ). The total transaction price is subject to a constraint since it is uncertain that commercialization will be achieved; and therefore the transaction price was determined to be 30.0 million and was allocated to each of the performance obligations identified on a relative standalone selling price basis. Revenue from the performance obligations is recognized as follows in product revenue on the condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss: 
 Reagents : Revenue is recognized as control transfers when the SOMAmer reagents are shipped. The Company estimated the standalone selling price SSP based on observable pricing of similar performance obligations. 
 Material Right : Revenue is recognized when Illumina exercises its option to purchase goods post-commercialization. The Company estimated the SSP based on an incremental discount to be provided to the customer adjusted for the likelihood that Illumina will exercise the option. 
 In June 2022, Illumina issued a purchase order that changed the future obligations due from SomaLogic under the Illumina Agreement. The purchase order represents a contract modification that is accounted for prospectively as if it were a termination of the existing contract and the creation of a new contract. 
 As a result, the Company determined that there were three new performance obligations (total of five performance obligations): (1) equipment bundle that includes customization services, integration services, system qualification services, site initiation services and training Equipment Bundle ), (2) qualification kits, and (3) support services. The contract modification resulted in an increase in the transaction price of 0.5 million. The updated transaction price was allocated between the performance obligations on a relative SSP basis. Revenue from the performance obligations is recognized as follows in product revenue on the condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss: 
 Equipment Bundle : Revenue is recognized over time based on the progress made toward achieving the performance obligation utilizing input methods, including costs incurred. The Company estimated the SSP based on observable pricing of similar performance obligations. 
 Qualification Kits : Revenue is recognized as control transfers when the qualification kits are shipped. The Company estimated the SSP based on observable pricing of similar performance obligations. 
 52 

Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 

 Support Services : Revenue is recognized for the support services over the service period, using an input method based on time. The Company estimated the SSP based on observable pricing of similar performance obligations. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized 0.1 million of revenue pursuant to the Illumina Agreement. 
 The Company also recognizes revenue for the sale of kits to Illumina under separate contracts 
 
 In-process research and development 
 
 Acquired in-process research and development( IPR D intangible assets were initially recognized at fair value and are considered indefinite-lived until the completion or abandonment of the associated research and development efforts. During the development phase, these assets are not amortized but are tested for impairment annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that it is more likely than not that the asset is impaired. Once the IPR D activities are completed, the intangible asset is amortized over its useful life on a straight-line basis. 
 
 Goodwill 
 We recognized goodwill as a result of the Palamedrix acquisition. Goodwill is the difference between the total consideration paid in a business combination and the fair value of the net identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed. Goodwill is not amortized but is tested for impairment on an annual basis and in interim periods if events or changes in circumstances indicate that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is below its carrying amount. All of the Company s goodwill is assigned to its one reporting unit. 
 Inventory 
 Inventory is stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value on a first-in, first-out basis. Cost is determined using a standard cost system, whereby the standard costs are updated periodically to reflect current costs. The Company estimates the recoverability of inventory by referencing estimates of future demands and product life cycles, including expiration. The Company periodically analyzes its inventory levels to identify inventory that may expire prior to expected usage, no longer meets quality specifications, or has a cost basis in excess of its estimated realizable value and records a charge to cost of revenue for such inventory as appropriate. In some cases, we have determined a certain portion of inventories to be in excess or obsolete. In those cases, we write down the value of those inventories to their net realizable value based upon judgment and estimates about future demand and market conditions. If actual market conditions are less favorable than those projected by management, additional inventory write-downs may be required. Direct and indirect manufacturing costs incurred during research and development activities are expensed to research and development as consumed. Judgment is required in determining the value of inventory that is not expected to be used in our assay services within 12 months of the current reporting period and is recorded as non-current inventory on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 Stock-based compensation 
 The Company incurs stock-based compensation expense related to our equity awards, net of an estimated forfeiture rate over the employee s requisite service period, which is generally the vesting period, on a straight-line basis. Stock-based compensation costs are estimated at the grant date based on the fair value of the equity for financial reporting purposes. We utilize the Black-Scholes valuation model for estimating the fair value of stock options granted. The fair value of each option is estimated on the date of grant. The model assumptions include expected volatility, term, dividend yield and the risk-free interest rate. Assumptions used in applying the Black-Scholes option-pricing model to determine the estimated fair value of stock options granted are complex, involve inherent uncertainties and the application of judgment. As a result, if factors or expected outcomes change and significantly different assumptions or estimates are used, the Company s equity-based compensation could be materially different. 
 Set forth below are the assumptions used in valuing the stock options granted and a discussion of the Company s methodology for developing each of the assumptions used: 
 Expected dividend yield The Company did not pay regular dividends on its common stock and does not anticipate paying any dividends in the foreseeable future. Therefore, the Company used an expected dividend yield of zero in the option valuation model. 
 Expected volatility Volatility is a measure of the amount by which a financial variable, such as share price, has fluctuated (historical volatility) or is expected to fluctuate (expected volatility) during a period. The Company analyzes the volatility used by similar public companies at a similar stage of development to estimate expected volatility. The comparable companies are chosen based on their similar size, stage in the life cycle or area of specialty. 
 Risk-free interest rate We use a range of United States Treasury rates with a term that most closely resembles the expected life of the option as of the date of which the option was granted. 
 53 

Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 

 Expected average life of options The expected life assumption is the expected time to exercise. The Company uses a simplified method to develop this assumption, which uses the average of the vesting period and the contractual terms. 
 Determination of Fair Value of Common Stock 
 As there was no public market for the Old SomaLogic common stock prior to the consummation of the SPAC Merger, on each grant date, Old SomaLogic developed an estimate of the fair value of the Old SomaLogic common stock based on the information known to Old SomaLogic on the date of grant, upon a review of any recent events and their potential impact on the estimated fair value per share of the Old SomaLogic common stock, and in part on input from a third-party valuation firm. 
 The valuations of the Old SomaLogic common stock were determined in accordance with the guidelines outlined in the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants Practice Aid, Valuation of Privately-Held-Company Equity Securities Issued as Compensation Practice Aid ). To determine the fair value of the Old SomaLogic common stock, Old SomaLogic utilized the probability-weighted expected return method and incorporated valuations under different scenarios and methods, included the option pricing, or backsolve method, which estimated the fair value of Old SomaLogic by reference to the value and preferences of its last round of financing, as well as its capitalization. 
 The assumptions used to determine the estimated fair value of the Old SomaLogic common stock were based on numerous objective and subjective factors, combined with management s judgment, including: 
 the progress of Old SomaLogic s research and development efforts, Old SomaLogic s stage of development, and business strategy; 
 the rights, preferences, and privileges of Old SomaLogic s redeemable convertible preferred stock relative to those of the Old SomaLogic common stock; 
 the prices at which Old SomaLogic sold shares of its redeemable convertible preferred stock; 
 Old SomaLogic s financial condition and operating results, including its levels of available capital resources; 
 equity market conditions affecting comparable public companies; and 
 general United States market conditions and the lack of marketability of the Old SomaLogic common stock. 
 As the public trading market for our Common Stock has been established in connection with the consummation of the SPAC Merger, it is no longer necessary for our Board of Directors to estimate the fair value of our Common Stock in connection with our accounting for granted stock options and other such awards we may grant, as the fair value of our Common Stock will be determined based on the quoted market price of our Common Stock. 
 Warrant Liabilities 
 We classify the warrants as liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets as these instruments are precluded from being indexed to our own stock given that the terms allow for a settlement adjustment that does not meet the scope for the fixed-for-fixed exception in ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging ASC 815 ). Since the warrants meet the definition of a derivative under ASC 815-40, the Company recorded these warrants as long-term liabilities at fair value on the date of the SPAC Merger, with subsequent changes in their respective fair values recognized within change in fair value of warrant liabilities in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss at each reporting date. 
 Earn-Out Liability 
 As a result of the SPAC Merger, the Company recognized Earn-Out Shares contingently issuable to former stockholders of Old SomaLogic as a liability in accordance with ASC 815. The liability was included as part of the consideration transferred in the SPAC Merger and was recorded at fair value. The earn-out liability is remeasured at the end of each reporting period, with the corresponding change in fair value recognized within change in fair value of earn-out liability in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss at each reporting date. 
 
 Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 
 Please refer to Note 2, Significant Accounting Policies - Recent Accounting Pronouncements , in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for a discussion of recent accounting pronouncements and their anticipated effect on our business. 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 Not required for smaller reporting companies. 
 54 

Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 

 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 Index to Financial Statements 
 Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 56 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 57 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 
 58 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 59 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 60 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Note 1 Description of Business 
 62 
 Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 62 
 Note 3 Business Combinations 
 73 
 Note 4 Revenue 
 76 
 Note 5 Fair Value Measurements 
 77 
 Note 6 Leases 
 79 
 Note 7 Inventory 
 80 
 Note 8 Property and Equipment 
 80 
 Note 9 Accrued Liabilities 
 81 
 Note 10 Commitments and Contingencies 
 81 
 Note 1 1 Debt 
 81 
 Note 1 2 Stockholders' Equity 
 81 
 Note 13 Stock-based Compensation 
 82 
 Note 14 Income Taxes 
 85 
 Note 15 Employee Benefit Plans 
 87 
 Note 16 Related Parties 
 87 
 Note 17 Net Loss Per Share 
 87 
 Note 18 Restructuring 
 88 

55 

Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of SomaLogic, Inc. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of SomaLogic, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 /s/ 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2014. 
 
 March 28, 2023 
 56 

Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 

SomaLogic, Inc. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (in thousands, except share data) 
 December 31, 2022 2021 ASSETS Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Investments Accounts receivable, net Inventory Deferred costs of services Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Non-current inventory Accounts receivable, net of current portion Property and equipment, net Other long-term assets Intangible assets Goodwill Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Current liabilities Accounts payable Accrued liabilities Deferred revenue Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Warrant liabilities Earn-out liability Deferred revenue, net of current portion Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies Note 10) 
 Stockholders equity: Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Common stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 57 

Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 
 SomaLogic, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Revenue Assay services revenue Product revenue Collaboration revenue Other revenue Total revenue Operating expenses Cost of assay services revenue Cost of product revenue Research and development Selling, general and administrative Total operating expenses Loss from operations ) ) Other income (expense) Interest income and other, net Interest expense ) Change in fair value of warrant liabilities ) Change in fair value of earn-out liability ) Loss on extinguishment of debt, net ) Total other income (expense) ) Net loss before income tax benefit (provision) ) ) Income tax benefit (provision) ) Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive loss Net unrealized loss on available-for-sale securities ) ) Foreign currency translation loss ) ) Total other comprehensive loss ) ) Comprehensive loss ) ) Net loss per share, basic and diluted Weighted-average shares used to compute net loss per share, basic and diluted 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 58 

Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 
 SomaLogic, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 (in thousands, except share amounts) 

 Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders Equity Shares Amount December 31, 2020 ) ) Issuance of Common Stock upon exercise of options Issuance of Common Stock for services Issuance of Common Stock upon conversion of convertible debt Stock-based compensation Surrender of shares in cashless exercise ) ) ) Issuance of Common Stock upon SPAC Merger, net of transaction costs of 
 Common Stock issued pursuant to the PIPE Investment, net of transaction costs of 
 Net unrealized loss on available-for-sale securities ) ) Foreign currency translation loss ) ) Net loss ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 ) ) Issuance of Common Stock upon vesting of RSUs Issuance of Common Stock upon exercise of options Shares issued under employee stock purchase plan Issuance of Common Stock for services Stock-based compensation Issuance of Common Stock upon Palamedrix acquisition Net unrealized loss on available-for-sale securities ) ) Foreign currency translation loss ) ) Net loss ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 59 

Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 
 SomaLogic, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (in thousands) 

 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Operating activities Net loss ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to cash used in operating activities: Stock-based compensation expense Depreciation and amortization Noncash rent expense ) Amortization of debt issuance costs, discounts and premiums Change in fair value of warrant liabilities ) Change in fair value of earn-out liability ) Change in fair value contingent consideration Amortization of premium (accretion of discount) on available-for-sale securities, net ) Provision for excess and obsolete inventory Provision for (recovery of) doubtful accounts 
 ) Cloud computing arrangement expenditures ) ) Loss on extinguishment of debt, net Loss on disposal of property and equipment Paid-in-kind interest Income tax benefit ) Other Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) Inventory ) ) Deferred costs of services ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) Other long-term assets ) Accounts payable Deferred revenue Accrued and other liabilities Payment of paid-in-kind interest on extinguishment of debt ) Net cash used in operating activities ) ) Investing activities Palamedrix acquisition, net of cash acquired of 
 ) Purchases of property and equipment, net of proceeds from sales 
 ) ) Purchases of available-for-sale securities 
 ) ) Proceeds from maturities of available-for-sale securities Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) Financing activities Proceeds from exercise of stock options and employee stock purchase plan Repayment of long-term debt ) Proceeds from PIPE Investment, net of transaction costs Proceeds from SPAC Merger, net of transaction costs Net cash provided by financing activities Effect of exchange rates on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period 
 60 

Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 
 SomaLogic, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (in thousands) 

 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Supplemental cash flow information: Cash paid for interest Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities: Purchase of property and equipment included in accounts payable Operating lease assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations Issuance of Common Stock upon Palamedrix Acquisition Contingent consideration payable for Palamedrix Acquisition Issuance of Common Stock upon SPAC Merger Surrender of shares in cashless exercise Issuance of Common Stock for services Forgiveness of Paycheck Protection Program loan and accrued interest Issuance of Common Stock for conversion of convertible debt Reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash included in prepaid expenses and other current assets Restricted cash included in other long-term assets Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 61 

Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 
 SomaLogic, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note 1 
 
 Note 2 

62 

Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 
 SomaLogic, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

) ) Net cash used in operating activities ) ) ) Investing Activities Purchases of property and equipment, net of proceeds from sales ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) ) Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities: Purchase of property and equipment included in accounts payable ) 

Customer B 
 Customer C 
 Customer D 
 
 less than 10 
 International sales entail a variety of risks, including currency exchange fluctuations, longer payment cycles, and greater difficulty in accounts receivable collection. Customers outside the United States collectively represented and of the Company s revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Customers outside of the United States collectively represented and of the Company s gross accounts receivable balance as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Certain components included in our products require customization and are obtained from a single source or a limited number of suppliers. 
 63 

Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 
 SomaLogic, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

See Note 3, Business Combinations , for additional details. 
 
 See Note 3, Business Combinations , for additional details. 
 million and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Cash expected to be restricted for greater than twelve months is classified as other long-term assets on the consolidated balance sheets and was million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 64 

Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 
 SomaLogic, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

We did not write off any material accounts receivable balances during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. We recorded a long-term receivable for guaranteed fixed minimum royalties net of a discount related to a significant financing component. The related interest income is recognized over the term of the agreement on an effective interest rate basis. 
 Less: allowance for doubtful accounts ) ) Accounts receivable, net Accounts receivable, net (current) Accounts receivable, net of current portion 
 Deferred Costs of Services 
 Deferred costs of services relate to costs incurred to run customer samples through the SomaScan assay. These costs are deferred until the final report is provided to the customer and the related revenue is recognized. 
 65 

Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 
 SomaLogic, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

to years; computer equipment, years; furniture and fixtures, years; and software, the shorter of years or its useful life. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of the life of the lease term or the estimated useful life of the assets. 
 The Company capitalizes certain internal and external costs related to the acquisition and development of internal use software or cloud computing arrangements during the application development stages of projects. When the software is ready for its intended use, the Company amortizes these costs using the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of the asset, or, for cloud computing service arrangements, over the term of the hosting arrangement. Costs incurred during the preliminary project or the post-implementation/operation stages of the project are expensed as incurred. 
 Costs for capital assets not yet placed into service are capitalized as construction in progress and depreciated once placed into service. Upon retirement or sale, the cost of assets disposed of and the related accumulated depreciation and amortization are removed from the accounts and any resulting gain or loss is included within loss from operations in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 

reporting unit. 
 The Company first assesses qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, including goodwill. If, after assessing the totality of events or circumstances, the Company determines that it is not more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, then the quantitative goodwill impairment test is unnecessary. For the quantitative goodwill impairment test, the fair value of the reporting unit is compared to its carrying value and an impairment is recorded for the excess carrying value over fair value, not to exceed the carrying amount of goodwill. There were no goodwill impairment losses recorded for the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company had goodwill as of December 31, 2021. 
 
 There were impairment losses recorded for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 66 

Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 
 SomaLogic, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Warrant Liabilities 
 During February 2021, in connection with CMLS II s initial public offering, CMLS II issued warrants (the Public Warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock at per share. Simultaneously, with the consummation of the CMLS II initial public offering, CMLS II issued warrants through a private placement (the Private Placement Warrants , and together with the Public Warrants, the Warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock at per share. All of the Warrants were outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 
 See Note 12, Stockholders' Equity , for more information on the Warrants. 
 and , respectively (the Earn-Out Shares ). The Earn-Out Shares are payable if the price of our Common Stock is greater than or equal to for a period of at least out of consecutive trading days at any time between the 13- and 24-month anniversary of the closing date of the SPAC Merger (the Triggering Event ). Any Earn-Out Shares issuable to an Earn-Out Service Provider the Service Provider Earn-Outs shall be issued only if such individual continues to provide services (whether as an employee or director) through the date of occurrence of the corresponding Triggering Event (or a change in control acceleration event, if applicable) that causes such Earn-Out Shares to become issuable. Any Earn-Out Shares that are forfeited pursuant to the preceding sentence shall be reallocated to the SomaLogic Operating shareholders in accordance with their respective pro rata Earn-Out Shares. 
 The Earn-Out Shares granted to shareholders are recognized as a liability in accordance with ASC 815. The liability was included as part of the consideration transferred in the SPAC Merger and was recorded at fair value. The earn-out liability is remeasured at the end of each reporting period, with subsequent changes in fair value recognized within change in fair value of earn-out liability in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 
 
 67 

Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 
 SomaLogic, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

million. This agreement includes a clause whereby if there is a material breach of the contract or change in control of the Company, the Company may be required to pay a fee to terminate the agreement. 
 The Company determined that the SAA met the criteria set forth in ASC 808, Collaborative Arrangements , ASC 808 because both parties were active participants and were exposed to significant risks and rewards dependent on commercial failure or success. The Company recorded the upfront payment as deferred revenue to be recognized over the period of performance of years. The revenue was recorded in collaboration revenue in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 
 In March 2020, NEC and the Company mutually terminated the SAA and concurrently the Company and NEC Solution Innovators, Ltd. NES ), a wholly owned subsidiary of NEC, entered into a new arrangement, the JDCA, to develop and commercialize SomaScan services in Japan, as described in the section entitled Collaboration Agreements above. NES agreed to make annual payments of million for , for a total of million, in exchange for research and development activities, as described below. The Company determined the JDCA should be accounted for as a modification of the SAA. Therefore, the remaining SAA deferred revenue balance as of the date of the modification was included as consideration under the JDCA resulting in total consideration of million for research and development activities. We determined that this arrangement also meets the criteria set forth in ASC 808. The JDCA contains three separate performance obligations: (i) research and development activities, (ii) assay services, and (iii) a -year exclusive license of the Company s intellectual property. 
 (i) Research and Development Activities 
 The Company determined that NES is not a customer with respect to the research and development activities associated with the collaboration arrangement under ASC 808. The Company recognizes revenue from these activities based on the progress made toward achieving the performance obligation utilizing input methods, including costs incurred, in collaboration revenue in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 
 (ii) Assay Services 
 The Company determined that NES is a customer for the assay services performance obligation, which should be accounted for using the criteria under ASC 606. The Company receives a fixed fee (standalone selling price) per sample in exchange for assaying samples, which is a service performed for other customers in the ordinary course of business. This 
 68 

Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 
 SomaLogic, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

million of previously constrained royalties. The NEB Agreement also provided a non-exclusive license arrangement for the same proprietary information and know-how under which the Company is guaranteed fixed minimum royalties of million to be received over the next years. The Company recognized revenue for the guaranteed fixed minimum royalties of million for the year ended December 31, 2022, net of a significant financing component of million. Any revenue above the guaranteed fixed minimum royalties is recognized in the period in which the subsequent sale or usage has occurred. The Company has recorded a receivable of million as of December 31, 2022, of which million is recorded in accounts receivable, net of current portion and million is recorded in accounts receivable, net on the consolidated balance sheets. Interest income related to the significant financing component was million for the year ended December 31, 2022, and is included in interest income and other, net in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 
 Grant revenue represents funding under cost reimbursement programs or fixed rate arrangements from government agencies and non-profit foundations for qualified research and development activities performed by the Company. The Company recognizes grant revenue when it is reasonably assured that the grant funding will be received as evidenced through the existence of a grant arrangement, amounts eligible for reimbursement are determinable and have been incurred, the applicable conditions under the grant arrangements have been met, and collectability of amounts due is reasonably assured. The classification of costs incurred related to grants is based on the nature of the activities performed by the Company. Grant revenue is recognized when the related costs are incurred and recorded in other revenue in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 
 Illumina Cambridge, Ltd. 
 On December 31, 2021, the Company entered into a multi-year arrangement with Illumina Cambridge, Ltd. Illumina Agreement to jointly develop and commercialize co-branded kits that will combine Illumina s Next Generation Sequencing NGS technology with SomaLogic s SomaScan technology. Pursuant to the agreement, we received a non-refundable upfront payment of million on January 4, 2022. This arrangement is accounted for in accordance with ASC 606. The Company concluded there are two performance obligations: (1) SOMAmer reagents necessary to develop and commercialize NGS based proteomic products, inclusive of the rights to licenses, patents and training to allow for the use of such reagents and (2) an option to purchase goods post-commercialization with a material right Material Right ). The total transaction price is subject to a constraint since it is uncertain that commercialization will be achieved; and therefore the transaction price was determined to be million and was allocated to each of the performance obligations identified on a relative standalone selling price basis. Revenue from the performance obligations is recognized as follows in product revenue in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss: 
 Reagents: Revenue is recognized when control transfers to the customer (i.e., when the SOMAmer reagents are shipped). The Company estimated the standalone selling price SSP based on observable pricing of similar performance obligations. 
 69 

Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 
 SomaLogic, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

million. The updated transaction price was allocated between the performance obligations on a relative SSP basis. The Company estimated the SSP based on observable pricing of similar performance obligations. Revenue from the performance obligations is recognized as follows in product revenue in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss: 
 Equipment Bundle : Revenue is recognized based on the progress made toward achieving the performance obligation utilizing input methods, including costs incurred. 
 Qualification Kits : Revenue is recognized when control transfers to the customer (i.e., when the qualification kits are shipped). 
 Support Services: Revenue is recognized for the support services as the services are provided. 
 During December 31, 2022, the Company recognized million of revenue pursuant to the Illumina Agreement for performance obligations satisfied. 
 Cost of Assay Services Revenue 
 Cost of assay services revenue consists of raw materials and production costs, salaries and other personnel costs, overhead and other direct costs related to assay services revenue. It also includes costs for production variances, such as yield losses, material usages, spending and capacity variances. Cost of assay services revenue is recognized in the period the related revenue is recognized. 
 Cost of Product Revenue 
 
 million and million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 General and administrative expenses consist primarily of personnel costs for the Company s finance, human resources, business development and general management, as well as professional services, such as legal and accounting services. General and administrative expenses are expensed as incurred. 
 70 

Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 
 SomaLogic, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

in the option valuation model. 
 Expected volatility Volatility is a measure of the amount by which a financial variable, such as share price, has fluctuated (historical volatility) or is expected to fluctuate (expected volatility) during a period. The Company analyzes the volatility used by similar public companies at a similar stage of development to estimate expected volatility. The comparable companies are chosen based on their similar size, stage in the life cycle or area of specialty. 
 Risk-free interest rate We use a range of United States Treasury rates with a term that most closely resembles the expected life of the option as of the date of which the option was granted. 
 Expected average life of options The expected life assumption is the expected time to exercise. The Company uses a simplified method to develop this assumption, which uses the average of the vesting period and the contractual terms, as the Company has limited historical information to develop reasonable expectations about future exercise patterns. 
 Fair Value of Common Stock 
 Prior to the SPAC Merger, the grant date fair value of the shares of common stock underlying stock options was determined by the Company s Board of Directors with assistance of third-party valuation specialists. Because there was no public market for the Company s common stock, the Board of Directors exercised reasonable judgment and considered a number of objective and subjective factors, combined with management s judgments, to determine the best estimate of the fair value, which include financial condition and actual operating results; the progress of the Company s research and development efforts; its stage of development; business strategy; the rights, preferences and privileges of the Company s redeemable convertible preferred stock relative to those of the Company s common stock; the prices at which the Company sold shares of its redeemable convertible preferred stock; equity market conditions of comparable public companies; general U.S. market conditions; and the lack of marketability of our common stock. 

71 

Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 
 SomaLogic, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

operating segment. The Company s chief operating decision maker (the CODM role is performed by the Company s Chief Executive Officer. The CODM manages the Company s operations on a consolidated basis for purposes of allocating resources and assessing performance. Substantially all of the Company s operations and decision-making functions are located in the United States. 
 million of ROU assets, million of current operating lease liabilities, and million of non-current operating lease liabilities. 
 For more information on our leases, refer to Note 6, Leases . 
 Income Taxes. In December 2019, the FASB issued ASU 2019-12, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes , which removes certain exceptions to the general principles of ASC 740 as part of an overall simplification initiative. We adopted ASU 2019-12 prospectively when it became effective on January 1, 2022 and the adoption did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 
 Accounting Standards Not Yet Adopted 

72 

Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 
 SomaLogic, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note 3 
 billion, consisting of cash payments of million and equity consideration in the form of (i) the issuance of shares of Common Stock and (ii) rollover of Old SomaLogic s outstanding options. The number of shares of Common Stock issued to Old SomaLogic stockholders was based on a deemed value of per share after giving effect to the Exchange Ratio. Each share of Old SomaLogic Class B common stock (including shares of Old SomaLogic Class B common stock resulting from the deemed conversion of Old SomaLogic redeemable convertible preferred stock) converted into the right to receive shares (the "Exchange Ratio of our Class A common stock, par value , which was renamed as common stock Common Stock ). 
 The SPAC Merger was accounted for as a reverse recapitalization in accordance with GAAP. Under this method of accounting, CMLS II was treated as the acquired company for financial reporting purposes and SomaLogic Operating was treated as the accounting acquirer. Accordingly, our financial statements represent a continuation of the financial statements of SomaLogic Operating with the SPAC Merger being treated as the equivalent of SomaLogic Operating issuing stock for the net assets of CMLS II, accompanied by a recapitalization. The net assets of SomaLogic Operating was stated at historical cost, with no goodwill or other intangible assets recorded. Operations prior to the SPAC Merger in these financial statements are those of SomaLogic Operating. The recapitalization of our Common Stock was reflected retrospectively to the earliest period presented. 
 Earn-Out Shares 
 The Merger Agreement also provides additional shares of Common Stock to Old SomaLogic shareholders and to certain employees and directors of SomaLogic Earn-Out Service Providers of up to and , respectively (the Earn-Out Shares ). The Earn-Out Shares are payable if the price of our Common Stock is greater than or equal to for a period of at least out of consecutive trading days at any time between the 13- and 24-month anniversary of the Closing Date (the Triggering Event ). Any Earn-Out Shares issuable to an Earn-Out Service Provider shall be issued only if such individual continues to provide services (whether as an employee or director) through the date of occurrence of the corresponding Triggering Event (or a change in control acceleration event, if applicable) that causes such Earn-Out Shares to become issuable (refer to Note 13, Stock-based Compensation ). Any Earn-Out Shares that are forfeited pursuant to the preceding sentence shall be reallocated to the Old SomaLogic stockholders in accordance with their respective pro rata Earn-Out Shares. As of December 31, 2022, the contingency has not been met and, accordingly, no shares of Common Stock have been issued. 
 PIPE (Private Investment in Public Entity) Investment 
 In connection with the SPAC Merger, CMLS II entered into subscription agreements with certain institutional and accredited investors (the PIPE Investors ), pursuant to which the PIPE Investors purchased, concurrently with the closing, an aggregate of shares of Common Stock at a purchase price of per share for an aggregate purchase price of million (the PIPE Investment ). 
 CMLS II Shares 
 In connection with the closing, certain CMLS II holders exercised their right to redeem certain of their outstanding shares for cash, resulting in the redemption of shares of CMLS II common stock at an approximate price of per share, for an aggregate of approximately million, which was paid to such holders at the Closing Date (the CMLS II Redemption ). Immediately following the Closing Date, all of the issued and outstanding shares of CMLS II Class B common stock CMLS II Founder Shares ), automatically converted, on a -for-one basis, into shares of Common Stock in accordance with CMLS II s amended and restated certificate of incorporation. 
 73 

Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 
 SomaLogic, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Less: CMLS II Redemption shares ) Class A common stock of CMLS II, net of redemptions Conversion of CMLS II Founder Shares for Common Stock Shares issued pursuant to PIPE Investment Conversion of Old SomaLogic shares for Common Stock (1) 
 Total shares of SomaLogic Common Stock, immediately after SPAC Merger 
 (1) The number of Old SomaLogic shares was determined as the shares of Old SomaLogic Class B common stock and shares of Old SomaLogic redeemable convertible preferred stock (assuming deemed conversion to Old SomaLogic Class B common stock) outstanding immediately prior to the closing of the SPAC Merger multiplied by the Exchange Ratio of . 
 Summary of Net Proceeds 
 On the Closing Date, SomaLogic received gross proceeds of million, consisting of million from the PIPE Investors and million from CMLS II. The gross proceeds were reduced by million of cash payments made to Old SomaLogic stockholders (based on certain Old SomaLogic stockholders election to receive cash instead of equity consideration) and million of direct transaction costs incurred by the Company. These direct transaction costs were included in additional paid-in capital and reflected as an offset against the proceeds.Transaction costs associated with liability-classified instruments were not material. 
 Acquisition of Palamedrix, Inc. 
 On July 25, 2022, we entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger to acquire of the equity interests in Palamedrix, Inc. ("Palamedrix") (the Palamedrix Acquisition ). Palamedrix is a DNA nano tech firm that provides scientific and engineering expertise, miniaturization technology and enhanced ease-of-use capabilities that the Company intends to leverage as it develops the next generation of SomaScan Assay. The Palamedrix Acquisition provides for up to million to be paid to the founders contingent upon settlement of pre-acquisition legal matters. It also provides for potential additional payments of up to million to the owners, including non-founder and founder employees, to be settled in cash and/or Common Stock contingent on the achievement of certain net sales milestone targets by the fifth and sixth year anniversary of the closing date of the acquisition (the Milestone Consideration ). The acquisition closed on August 31, 2022. 
 The acquired business contributed revenue and expenses of and million, respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Common Stock Contingent consideration Fair value of replaced Palamedrix equity awards relating to pre-combination service Total consideration transferred 
 Consideration transferred includes shares of Common Stock issued to Palamedrix securityholders. An additional shares of Common Stock were issued to Palamedrix employees and founders that were accounted for as post-combination compensation expense. The fair value of Common Stock is based on a per share price of on August 31, 2022, the acquisition date. 
 We are in the process of completing our purchase accounting, whereby the purchase price is allocated to the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed based upon their estimated fair values on the acquisition date. The purchase accounting is considered preliminary and is subject to revision based on final determinations of fair value and allocations of purchase price to the acquired identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed. 
 74 

Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 
 SomaLogic, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets Property and equipment Intangible assets Other long-term assets Accounts payable ) Accrued liabilities ) Other current liabilities ) Deferred income taxes, net ) Other long-term liabilities ) Net identifiable assets acquired Goodwill Total consideration transferred 
 The goodwill is generated from operational synergies and cost savings the Company expects to achieve from the combined operations and Palamedrix s knowledgeable and experienced assembled workforce. The goodwill is not deductible for tax purposes. 
 All unvested awards of non-founder employees were accelerated on a discretionary basis as part of the Palamedrix Acquisition. These awards were exchanged at the close date for cash, Common Stock, and Milestone Consideration. As a result, the Company allocated million of the total consideration transferred to post-combination compensation expense. The amount is recorded in selling, general and administrative in the consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive loss for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 In addition, the unvested awards of the Palamedrix founders were exchanged for cash, Common Stock, and Milestone Consideration on a consistent basis with all other shareholders. However, the Common Stock and Milestone Consideration replacement awards granted to the Palamedrix founders require continuing employment for a period of . The Common Stock awards vest ratably over the service period and are equity classified. The Milestone Consideration awards vest after a service period or upon the achievement of the milestones. 
 The Milestone Consideration replacement awards of non-founder and founder employees are accounted for under ASC 718. As the milestone payments are a fixed monetary value settled in cash and/or Common Stock, they are liability classified. A liability of million as of December 31, 2022 is recorded in other long-term liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we incurred million of acquisition-related costs included in selling, general, and administrative expense in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 
 Unaudited Pro Forma Financial Information) ) 
 75 

Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 
 SomaLogic, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

) Increase (decrease) to net loss to reflect income tax benefit from the release of a portion of the valuation allowance ) Increase (decrease) to net loss to adjust for compensation expense associated with replacement awards ) 

Note 4 
 Product revenue 
 Collaboration revenue 
 Other revenue: 
 Royalties 
 Other 
 Total other revenue 
 Total revenue 
 
 Contract Balances and Remaining Performance Obligations 
 Contract liabilities represent the Company s obligation to transfer goods or services to customers from which we have received consideration. Deferred revenue is classified as current if the Company expects to be able to recognize the deferred amount as revenue within 12 months of the balance sheet date. Deferred revenue is recognized as or when the Company satisfies its performance obligations under the contract. 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, deferred revenue of million and million, respectively, was comprised of balances related to our collaboration, product, assay services, and other revenue. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the portion of deferred revenue related to collaboration revenue was million and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the estimated remaining performance period related to the deferred collaboration revenue is approximately years. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the portion of deferred revenue related to assay services and other revenue was million and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the deferred revenue related to assay services and other revenue will be recognized within 12 months. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the deferred product revenue related to the Illumina Agreement amounted to million and , respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the estimated remaining performance obligation period is approximately . 
 Recognition of revenue included in balance at beginning of period 
 ) ) Revenue deferred during the period, net of revenue recognized 
 Balance at end of period 
 
 76 

Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 
 SomaLogic, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note 5 
 Level 1 Money market funds 
 Level 1 Total cash and cash equivalents 
 Investments: 
 Commercial paper 
 ) Level 2 U.S. Treasuries 
 ) Level 2 Asset-backed securities 
 Level 2 Corporate bonds 
 ) Level 2 Agency bonds ) Level 2 Total investments 
 ) Total assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis 
 ) 
 As of December 31, 2021 
 (in thousands) 
 Amortized 
 Cost 
 Gross Unrealized Gain 
 Gross Unrealized Loss 
 Aggregate Fair Value 
 Fair Value Level 
 Cash and cash equivalents: 
 Cash 
 Level 1 Money market funds 
 Level 1 Total cash and cash equivalents 
 Investments: 
 Commercial paper 
 ) Level 2 U.S. Treasuries 
 ) Level 2 Asset-backed securities 
 ) Level 2 Corporate bonds 
 ) Level 2 Total investments 
 ) Total assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis 
 ) 
 All of the commercial paper, U.S. Treasuries, asset-backed securities, corporate bonds, and agency bonds are designated as available-for-sale securities and have an effective maturity date that is less than one year from the respective balance sheet date, and accordingly, have been classified as current in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 We classify our investments in money market funds within Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy because they are valued using quoted market prices. We classify our commercial paper, U.S Treasuries, asset-backed securities, corporate bonds and agency bonds as Level 2 and obtain the fair value from a third-party pricing service, which may use quoted market prices for identical or comparable instruments or model-driven valuations using observable market data or inputs corroborated by observable market data. 
 As all of our available-for-sale securities have been held for less than a year as of both December 31, 2022 and 2021, no security has been in an unrealized loss position for 12 months or greater. We evaluated our securities for other-than temporary impairment and considered the decline in market value for the securities to be primarily attributed to current economic and market conditions. It is not more likely than not that we will be required to sell the securities before their scheduled maturities, and we do not intend to do so prior to the recovery of the amortized cost basis. Based on this analysis, the available-for-sale securities were not considered to be other-than-temporarily impaired as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 77 

Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 
 SomaLogic, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Level 1 Warrant liability - Private Placement Warrants 
 Level 2 Earn-out liability 
 Level 3 Milestone contingent consideration Level 3 Holdback contingent consideration Level 3 Total liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis 
 
 Warrant liabilities 
 The Public Warrants were valued using Level 1 inputs as they are traded in an active market. The fair value of the Private Placement Warrants is equivalent to that of the Public Warrants as they have substantially the same terms; however, as they are not actively traded, they are classified as Level 2 in the hierarchy table above. 
 Earn-out liability 
 The fair value of the Earn-Out Shares was estimated using a Monte Carlo simulation model. The fair value is based on the simulated price of the Company over the maturity date of the contingent consideration and increased by estimated forfeitures of Earn-Out Shares issued to Earn-Out Service Providers. 
 Volatility Risk-free rate Dividend yield 
 Change in fair value of earn-out liability Balance as of December 31, 2021 Change in fair value of earn-out liability ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 Milestone Contingent Consideration 
 The fair value of milestone contingent consideration was estimated using a Monte Carlo simulation model. The fair value is based on an option pricing framework, whereby a range of possible scenarios were simulated around forecasted net sales. 
 Risk-free rate Weighted average cost of capital Cost of debt 
 78 

Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 
 SomaLogic, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Change in fair value of milestone contingent consideration Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 Holdback Contingent Consideration 
 The fair value of holdback contingent consideration was estimated using a scenario-based analysis. The fair value is based on the expected holdback release date and expected holdback payment. The future expected payments were discounted to the valuation date using the cost of debt. 
 
 There was no change in fair value between the acquisition date of August 31, 2022 and December 31, 2022. 

Note 6 
 . These leases require monthly lease payments that may be subject to annual increases throughout the lease term. Certain of these leases also include renewal options at our election to renew or extend the leases for additional periods ranging from three to . These optional periods have not been considered in the determination of the ROU assets or lease liabilities associated with these leases as we did not consider the exercise of these options to be reasonably certain. The ROU asset is included in other long-term assets on the consolidated balance sheets and was million as of December 31, 2022. 
 Lease Costs 
 Lease costs for operating leases are recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. 
 
 Short-term lease cost Variable lease cost Total lease cost 
 (1) Operating lease cost includes million lease termination fee incurred during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Rent expense for the year ended December 31, 2021 for operating leases was million. 
 
 Lease Maturities 
 
 2024 2025 2026 Thereafter Total Less: amount of lease payments representing interest ) Present value of future lease payments Less: current operating lease liabilities (included in other current liabilities) ) Long-term operating lease liabilities (included in other long-term liabilities) 
 79 

Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 
 SomaLogic, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

years Weighted average discount rate 
 Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of our operating lease liabilities for the period ended December 31, 2022 was million. 
 In February 2022, we executed separate lease agreements (the Leases to lease buildings pending construction that had not yet commenced. Both leases were set to expire on November 30, 2033, unless extended or early terminated in accordance with the terms of the lease. In accordance with the lease agreements, we made a deposit of million during the first quarter of 2022. The deposit is restricted from withdrawal and held by a bank in the form of collateral for an irrevocable standby letter of credit held as security. 
 million of which million was paid on the termination date. During the fourth quarter of 2022 the remaining liability was reduced by million after the landlord entered into a separate lease with a third party. The remaining million liability is recorded in accrued liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets and was paid in January 2023. The million deposit is classified as restricted cash and included in prepaid expenses and other current assets in the consolidated balance sheets and was released from restricted cash once the termination fee was paid in full. 
 
 Note 7 
 Work in process Finished goods Total inventory Inventory (current) Non-current inventory 
 
 Note 8 
 Computer equipment 
 Furniture and fixtures 
 Software 
 Cloud computing arrangements 12,520 3,785 Leasehold improvements 
 Construction in progress 
 Total property and equipment, at cost 
 Less: Accumulated depreciation and amortization 
 ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 
 Depreciation expense was million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Amortization expense related to internal use software was million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The unamortized costs related to cloud hosting arrangements as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was million and million, respectively. 
 80 

Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 
 SomaLogic, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note 9 
 Accrued restructuring costs Accrued lease termination fee Accrued real estate agent commission Accrued charitable contributions Accrued medical claims Other Total accrued liabilities 
 
 Note 10 
 
 Note 11 
 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The debt under the Company s credit agreement was settled in 2021, which resulted a million loss on extinguishment of debt for the year ended December 31, 2021. In July 2021, the convertible debt was converted into shares of Common Stock (as converted), which resulted in a million loss on extinguishment of debt. 
 Total interest expense related to these forms of debt totaled million for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Note 12 
 shares of Common Stock, par value of per share, and shares of preferred stock, par value per share. 
 Warrants 
 As of December 31, 2022, there were an aggregate of and outstanding Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants, respectively. Each warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of our Common Stock at a price of per share at any time commencing on February 25, 2022. The Warrants will expire on September 1, 2026 or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 
 The Private Placement Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants, except that the Private Placement Warrants, so long as they are held by CMLS Holdings II LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Sponsor or any of its permitted transferees, (i) will not be redeemable by the Company (except as described below in Redemption of Warrants When the Price per Share of Common Stock Equals or Exceeds ), (ii) may be exercised by the holders on a cashless basis, 
 81 

Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 
 SomaLogic, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 - Once the warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the outstanding Public Warrants: 
 in whole and not in part 
 at a price of per warrant 
 upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder and 
 if, and only if, the closing price of the Common Stock equals or exceeds per share for any trading days within a -trading day period ending business days before the Company sends to the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 
 Redemptions of warrants when the price per share of Common Stock equals or exceeds - Once the warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the outstanding Public Warrants: 
 in whole and not in part 
 at per warrant upon a minimum of days prior written notice of redemption, provided that holders will be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis prior to redemption and receive that number of shares, based on the redemption date and the fair market value of our Common Stock (as defined below) except as otherwise described below; 
 if, and only if, the closing price equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within a -trading day period ending trading days before the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders and 
 if the closing price of the Common Stock for any trading days within a -trading day period ending three trading days before the Company sends notice of redemption to the warrant holders is less than per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like), the Private Placement Warrants must also be concurrently called for redemption on the same terms as the outstanding Public Warrants, as described above. 
 The fair market value of our Common Stock shall mean the volume weighted average price of our Common Stock during the trading days immediately following the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. We will provide our warrant holders with the final fair market value no later than one business day after the -trading day period described above ends. In no event will the warrants be exercisable in connection with this redemption feature for more than shares of Common Stock per warrant (subject to adjustment). 
 We will not redeem the Warrants as described above unless an effective registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, covering our Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is effective and a current prospectus relating to those shares of Common Stock is available throughout the 30-day redemption period. If the foregoing conditions are satisfied and we issue a notice of redemption, each warrant holder will be entitled to exercise their warrants prior to the scheduled redemption date. 

Note 13 
 equity incentive plans the 2009 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2009 Plan ), the 2017 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2017 Plan ), and the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2021 Plan under which incentive and nonstatutory stock options to purchase shares of Old SomaLogic s common stock were granted to employees, directors, and non-employee consultants. The 2009 Plan was terminated upon the adoption of the 2017 Plan, and no further awards were granted under the 2009 Plan thereafter. The outstanding options previously granted under the 2009 Plan continued to remain outstanding under the 2017 Plan. 
 Upon consummation of the SPAC Merger, all outstanding options were converted into an option to acquire an adjusted number of shares of Common Stock of SomaLogic at an adjusted exercise price per share based on the Exchange Ratio. 
 82 

Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 
 SomaLogic, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 shares in accordance with our 2021 Plan. As of December 31, 2022, we were authorized to issue a maximum of shares of Common Stock. As of December 31, 2022, awards have been granted under the 2021 Plan. As of December 31, 2022, we have reserved shares of Common Stock for issuance under all incentive plans. 
 Stock-based compensation includes grants of equity incentive awards in the form of stock options and other stock-based awards as well as the issuance of common stock under a consulting agreement, issuance of Earn-Out Shares to service providers in connection with the SPAC Merger, issuance of common stock subject to vesting conditions issued to Palamedrix founder employees, and Milestone Consideration replacement awards of non-founder and founder employees. Stock-based compensation also includes the impact of common stock purchased through our employee stock purchase plan, which allows eligible employees to purchase shares of our Common Stock at a price equal to of their fair market value on the last day of a defined offering period. 
 Cost of product revenue 
 Research and development 
 Selling, general and administrative 
 Total stock-based compensation 
 
 Stock-based compensation will fluctuate based on the grant-date fair value of awards, the number of awards, the requisite service period of the awards, modification of awards, employee forfeitures and the timing of the awards. Expense related to each stock option and restricted stock unit RSU award is recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period of the entire award. 
 Stock Options Awards 
 At December 31, 2022, there were options outstanding within the 2009 Plan, the 2017 Plan, and the 2021 Plan and options outstanding that were granted outside of the incentive plans. Generally, options vest over four years, with vesting upon the first-year anniversary of the grant date and the remaining options vesting ratably each month thereafter. 
 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited ) Expired Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 Exercisable as of December 31, 2022 Vested and expected to vest as of December 31, 2022 
 83 

Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 
 SomaLogic, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Expected volatility 
 
 Risk-free interest rate 
 
 Expected weighted-average life of options years years 
 The total intrinsic value of options exercised during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was approximately million and million, respectively. 
 The weighted-average grant date fair value for options granted during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 
 Based on options granted to employees as of December 31, 2022, total compensation expense not yet recognized related to unvested options is approximately million, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 
 During 2022, the Company modified options and RSUs held by certain terminated executives and certain employees whose employment was terminated as part of the Strategic Reorganization to accelerate the vesting and/or extend contractual terms. In connection with these modifications, the Company incurred incremental stock-based compensation expense of million during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 In June 2021, the Company modified options held by directors that resigned from our Board of Directors to accelerate the vesting and/or extend contractual terms. In connection with these modifications, the Company recorded incremental stock-based compensation expense of million during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Restricted Stock Units 
 RSUs vest subject to the satisfaction of service requirements. The grant-date values of these awards are determined based on the closing price of the Company s common stock on the date of the grant. 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Unvested at December 31, 2022 Unrecognized stock-based compensation expense at December 31, 2022 (in millions) Weighted average remaining period at December 31, 2022 years 
 The total fair value of RSUs that vested during the year ended December 31, 2022 was million. We have not recognized any tax benefits related to the effects of employee stock-based compensation expense. No RSUs were granted or vested prior to 2022. 
 Service Provider Earn-Out Shares 
 As of December 31, 2022, Service Provider Earn-Outs were outstanding after forfeitures. Upon forfeiture, the forfeited shares will be redistributed to the Old SomaLogic stockholders. The weighted average grant date fair value of the Service Provider Earn-Outs was per share, and was recognized as stock-based compensation expense on a straight-line basis over the derived service period of years. The assumptions used in valuing the Service Provider Earn-Outs using the Monte Carlo simulation included volatility of , risk-free interest rate of to , and a stock price of to . The Company recorded million and million in stock-based compensation expense related to the Service Provider Earn-Outs during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As the derived service period has passed, expenses related to the Service Provider Earn-Outs have been fully recognized as of December 31, 2022. 
 84 

Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 
 SomaLogic, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 shares of Common Stock and Milestone Consideration to founder employees that require continuing employment for a period of . Related stock-based compensation expense of million was recorded in research and development expense in the consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive loss during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Secondary Sale Transaction 
 In July 2021, an employee of the Company sold shares of the Company s common stock and vested options to acquire shares of our common stock at a sales price that was above the then-current fair value. Since the purchasing parties are holders of economic interest in the Company and acquired shares and options from a current employee at a price in excess of fair value of such shares and options, the amount paid in excess of the fair value at the time of the secondary sale was recognized as stock-based compensation expense. 
 Total stock-based compensation expense related to the secondary sale transaction of million was recorded within research and development expenses in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Performance Awards 
 In July 2021, we entered into a consulting agreement (the Consulting Milestone Agreement with a vendor, Abundant Venture Innovation Accelerator AVIA ), to provide services related to expanding our contractual relationships with health system providers. The Consulting Milestone Agreement includes a fixed amount of compensation in our Common Stock for achievement of certain milestones related to our business. We account for these awards as stock compensation liabilities with a performance condition, which are measured at fair value on the date of the grant and recognized over the expected performance period when it is probable the milestone will be achieved. 
 In August 2021, we issued shares of Old SomaLogic Class B common stock related to this Consulting Milestone Agreement for milestones achieved. These shares are presented in the consolidated statements of stockholders equity as shares of Common Stock as a result of the reverse recapitalization. In December 2021, we issued additional shares of Common Stock related to the Consulting Milestone Agreement. We recognized approximately million of stock-based compensation expense during the year ended December 31, 2021. In June 2022, we amended the Consulting Milestone Agreement to redefine the milestones and payment terms. There were no issuances of or further commitment to issue Common Stock for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Note 14 
 State Foreign Deferred tax expense (benefit) Federal ) State Foreign ) Provision for income taxes ) 
 The Company recorded million of income tax benefit for the year ended December 31, 2022 resulting from changes in the valuation allowance due to deferred tax liabilities resulting from acquired indefinite lived intangible assets as part of the Palamedrix Acquisition. 
 85 

Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 
 SomaLogic, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements ) State income taxes, net of federal income tax benefit ) ) Nondeductible stock-based compensation ) Expiration of net operating loss and research and development credits Change in valuation allowance Other permanent items ) Research and development credits ) ) Return to provision adjustments Other, net Provision for income taxes ) 
 Research and development credits Depreciation and amortization Deferred revenue Accrued expenses and non-deductible reserves Compensation accruals Stock-based compensation Interest expense carryforward Section 174 expense Lease liability Other Valuation allowance ) ) Deferred tax assets (net) Deferred income tax liabilities: Intangible assets ) Right of use asset ) Net deferred income tax liabilities ) 
 As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, a valuation allowance of million and million was established against the Company s deferred tax assets as the Company believes it is more likely than not these tax attributes would not be realizable in the future. The valuation allowance increased by million for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 The Company evaluates the need to establish a valuation allowance by considering all available positive and negative evidence, including expected levels of taxable income, future reversals of existing temporary differences, tax planning strategies, and recent financial operations. The Company establishes a valuation allowance to reduce deferred tax assets to the extent it is more likely than not that some, or all, of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Accordingly, the Company has established a valuation allowance equal to the net realizable deferred tax assets. The Company will continue to monitor its available positive and negative evidence in assessing the realization of its deferred tax assets in the future, and should there be a need to release the valuation allowance, a tax benefit will be recorded. 
 As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the Company had federal net operating losses NOLs of million and million, respectively. Of the aggregate federal NOLs at December 31, 2022, million can be carried forward indefinitely, and the remaining million will begin to expire in 2023. 
 86 

Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 
 SomaLogic, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 million and million, respectively, which begin to expire in 2023. 
 As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the Company had research and development credit carryforward of million and million, respectively, which begin to expire in 2023. 
 Our U.S. deferred tax assets are also subject to annual limitation under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 due to stock ownership changes that have occurred, primarily as a result of the SPAC Merger completed on September 1, 2021. Based on an analysis completed during 2021, we have concluded that all of our historical U.S. deferred tax assets generated through December 31, 2020 are available to us for future use to offset taxable income. We may experience ownership changes in the future as a result of shifts in our stock ownership (some of which may be outside our control). Therefore, available U.S. deferred tax assets may be further limited in the event of another significant ownership change. 
 The Company files income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and various state and foreign jurisdictions with varying statutes of limitations. As of December 31, 2022, the Company is not under examination in any jurisdiction and the tax years 2018 through 2021 remain open to examination in its federal and state jurisdictions. The Company believes no significant changes in the unrecognized tax benefits will occur within the next 12 months. 
 Increase related to tax positions taken in the current year Increase related to tax positions taken in the prior year Decrease related to tax positions taken in the prior year ) ) Unrecognized tax benefit ending balance 
 The unrecognized tax benefits are classified as a reduction of deferred tax assets on the consolidated balance sheets. As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, there are million and million of unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would favorably affect the Company s effective tax rate, respectively. 
 The Company did recognize any interests or penalties in all periods presented or accrue any interests or penalties as of December 31, 2022, and 2021. 
 
 Note 15 
 of the first of employee contributions with immediate vesting. We made matching contributions of approximately million and million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Note 16 
 million and million of an unconditional contribution to a related party during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, there is no additional remaining pledge. 
 Casdin Partners Master Fund, L.P Casdin ), founded by Eli Casdin, a member of the Company s Board of Directors and principal owner of the Company, was a shareholder of Palamedrix. Upon the Company s acquisition of Palamedrix, Casdin received million in cash, million in equity, and the right to receive up to million of Milestone Consideration related to the achievement of net sales milestones. 
 
 Note 17) ) Weighted-average shares outstanding, basic and diluted 
 Net loss per share, basic and diluted 
 
 87 

Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 
 SomaLogic, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants Unvested RSUs outstanding Replacement awards subject to vesting conditions Total anti-dilutive shares 
 The calculation of diluted net loss per share does not consider the effect of contingently issuable shares that are contingent on the occurrence of a future event that has not yet occurred. As of December 31, 2022, the contingency for the Earn-Out Shares had not been met and therefore the Earn-Out Shares were not considered in the computation of diluted net loss per share. 
 
 Note 18 
 , with a majority of these employees separating in December and the remaining affected employees separating over the next three-month period. Employees who were impacted by the restructuring were eligible to receive severance benefits contingent upon an impacted employee's execution of a separation agreement, which included a general release of claims against us. Certain impacted employees were covered by employment agreements or an existing severance plan that provides termination benefits. 
 Employee severance and benefits are comprised of severance, other termination benefit costs, and non-cash stock-based compensation expense for the extension of the exercise period of vested options. One-time termination benefits were recorded pursuant to ASC 420, Exit or Disposal Cost Obligations, while termination benefits under ongoing benefit arrangements were recorded pursuant to ASC 712, Compensation - Nonretirement Postemployment Benefits. See Note 13, Stock-based Compensation , for additional information about benefits related to the extension of the exercise period of vested options. 
 The Company recognized restructuring charges of approximately million during the year ended December 31, 2022. Restructuring charges are comprised of million related to one-time termination benefits, million related to termination benefits under ongoing benefit arrangements, and million related to non-cash stock-based compensation expense. We expect to incur additional employee severance and benefits expense up to million. This reflects the best estimate of the Company, which may be revised in subsequent periods as the Strategic Reorganization progresses. 
 Research and development Selling, general and administrative Total employee severance and benefits 
 The following table outlines the changes in liabilities associated with our Strategic Reorganization, including restructuring expenses incurred and cash payments as of December 31, 2022: 
 (in thousands) Year Ended December 31, 2022 Beginning balance Accruals Payments Balance at December 31, 2022 
 88 

Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 
 SomaLogic, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

89 

Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 

 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Under supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )) as of December 31, 2022. Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2022, based on the material weaknesses described below. In light of these material weaknesses, we performed additional analysis as deemed necessary to ensure that our financial statements were prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Based on such analysis and notwithstanding the identified material weaknesses, management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, believe the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K fairly represent in all material respects our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows at and for the periods presented in accordance with GAAP. 
 Limitations on the Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or internal control over financial reporting will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and implemented, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system s objectives will be met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues within a company are detected. The inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple errors or mistakes. Controls can also be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the controls. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as such term as defined in Rules 13a-15(f)and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America. 
 Our internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that: (i) pertain to maintaining records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect our transactions; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary for preparation of our financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and that the receipts and expenditures of company assets are made in accordance with our management and directors authorization; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding the prevention of or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria for effective internal control over financial reporting established in "Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013)", issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). Based on this assessment and those criteria, management determined that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of December 31, 2022, due to the material weaknesses described below. 
 Material Weaknesses 
 A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 
 The following material weaknesses were identified as a result of management s assessment: 
 As discussed in our Annual Reports on Form 10-K filed for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, we identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting due to ineffective controls over the 
 90 

Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 

 financial statement close process and lack of sufficient accounting and financial reporting personnel to ensure consistent application of GAAP and compliance with SEC rules and regulations. 
 The Company began implementing certain of the following measures of our remediation plan in 2021 and throughout 2022. 
 We hired additional accounting and finance personnel with technical public company accounting and financial reporting experience. 
 In addition to adding experienced accounting personnel, we are also utilizing third-party consultants and specialists to supplement our internal resources with technical accounting experience. 
 We engaged a third-party consulting firm to assist us with risk assessments, control and process documentation, control design, and control testing. 
 We implemented enhanced accounting and financial reporting training. 
 We report regularly to the audit committee on the state of our internal controls over financial reporting, such as internal control deficiencies identified through management self-assessment, internal control testing and the status and resolution of internal control deficiencies. 
 We designed and implemented additional automation and integration in our financially relevant IT systems, and are in the process of implementing additional enhancements to our software. 
 While we believe that significant progress has been made in various areas of accounting and financial reporting with the above initiatives, the Company continued to identify material weaknesses related to the design and operation of controls supporting key principles related to the control activities, information and communication, and monitoring components of the COSO framework over: (i) significant nonrecurring transactions and events, (ii) inventory costing and classification, and (iii) the classification and presentation of the consolidated statement of cash flows. Specifically, management failed to design and implement certain risk assessment controls related to identifying and analyzing risks to achieve control objectives, and failed to address the impact of changes in the business on the system of internal controls. 
 The Company identified a material weakness related to the Company s information technology general controls. Specifically, effective controls were not maintained over user access to the Company s Enterprise Resources (ERP) system that supports the accounting and reporting processes, causing a lack of segregation of duties in key processes. 
 These material weaknesses will not be considered remediated until management designs and implements effective controls that operate for a sufficient period of time and management has concluded through testing that these controls are effective. See Remediation Plan for details. 
 Remediation Plan 
 We will enhance the design of existing controls, and where necessary, implement additional controls, over our accounting for significant nonrecurring transactions and will maintain evidence of management review controls. 
 We will increase the deployment of both internal and external specialists to assist our management with the evaluation of the accounting for significant nonrecurring transactions. 
 We will design and implement controls over inventory costing and classification. 
 We will design and implement controls to ensure that all cash inflow and outflow activity is appropriately classified and presented within the statements of cash flow. 
 We will remove unnecessary user access to our financially relevant IT systems based on job responsibilities and are in the process of reconfiguring the mapping of roles and assigned privileges to duties to ensure adequate segregation of duties is maintained within our ERP system. 
 We will implement timely periodic reviews of existing user and administrator security roles and privileges. 
 We will enhance the design of our information technology general controls over user access provisioning and monitoring controls to enforce appropriate system access and segregation of duties. 
 91 

Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 

 Attestation Report of the Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 This annual report does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Our independent registered public accounting firm will not be required to formally attest to the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting for as long as we are an emerging growth company pursuant to the provisions of the JOBS Act. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and Rule 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during the fourth quarter of 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 None. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 Not applicable. 
 92 

Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 

 PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 Information as to Item 10 is incorporated by reference from the information in our 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 Our board of directors has adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics applicable to all officers, directors and employees, which is available on our website (www.investors.somalogic.com) under Corporate Governance within the Governance Highlights section. We will provide a copy of this document to any person, without charge, upon request, by writing to us at SomaLogic, Inc., Investor Relations, 2945 Wilderness Place, Boulder, Colorado 80301. We intend to satisfy the disclosure requirement under Item 406(d) of Regulation SDK regarding an amendment to, or waiver from, a provision of our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics by posting such information on our website at the address and the location specified above. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 Information as to Item 11 is incorporated by reference from the information in our 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owner and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 Information as to Item 12 is incorporated by reference from the information in our 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 Information as to Item 13 is incorporated by reference from the information in our 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 Information as to Item 14 is incorporated by reference from the information in our 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 93 

Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 

 PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 (a)(1) and (a)(2) Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules 
 The financial statements are listed on the Index to Financial Statements to this report beginning on page 55 . 
 (a)(3) Exhibits 
 Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Number Description Form Exhibit Filing Date 2.1 Merger Agreement, as amended by the First Amendment thereto dated May 12, 2021 and the Second Amendment thereto dated July 15, 202 1. 
 S-4/A 2.1 8/5/2021 2.2# Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of July 25, 2022, by and among SomaLogic, Merger Sub I, Merger Sub II, Palamedrix, and the Securityholder Representativ e. 
 8-K 2.1 7/27/2022 3.1 Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of SomaLogic, Inc. 
 8-A/A 3.1 9/1/2021 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of SomaLogic, Inc. 
 8-A/A 3.1 9/1/2021 4.1 Specimen Common Stock Certificate. 
 S-4/A 4.1 8/5/2021 4.2 Warrant Agreement. 
 8-K 10.1 2/26/2021 4.3 Description of Company s Securities. 
 10-K 4.2 3/29/2022 10.1+ SomaLogic, Inc. 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan. 
 S-4/A 10.1 8/5/2021 10.2+ SomaLogic, Inc. Employee Stock Purchase Plan. 
 S-4/A 10.2 8/5/2021 10.3+ Form of Stock Appreciation Rights Agreement pursuant to the SomaLogic, Inc. 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan. 
 S-4/A 10.3 8/5/2021 10.4+ Form of Incentive Stock Option Award Agreement under the SomaLogic, Inc. 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan. 
 S-4/A 10.4 8/5/2021 10.5+ Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the SomaLogic, Inc. 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan. 
 S-4/A 10.5 8/5/2021 10.6+ Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement under the SomaLogic, Inc. 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan. 
 S-4/A 10.6 8/5/2021 10.7+ Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Award Agreement under the SomaLogic, Inc. 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan. 
 S-4/A 10.7 8/5/2021 10.8+ SomaLogic, Inc. 2009 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 S-4/A 10.8 8/5/2021 10.9+ Form of Non-Statutory Stock Option Agreement under the SomaLogic, Inc. 2009 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 S-4/A 10.9 8/5/2021 10.10+ Form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement under the SomaLogic, Inc. 2009 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 S-4/A 10.1 8/5/2021 10.11+ SomaLogic, Inc. 2017 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 S-4/A 10.11 8/5/2021 10.12+ Form of Option Agreement (Incentive Stock Option or Non-statutory Stock Option) under the SomaLogic, Inc. 2017 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 S-4/A 10.12 8/5/2021 10.13+ Severance Agreement, dated September 1, 2020, between SomaLogic, Inc. and Lawrence Gold. 
 S-4/A 10.13 8/5/2021 10.14+ First Amendment to Severance Agreement, dated December 4, 2020, between SomaLogic, Inc. and Lawrence Gold. 
 S-4/A 10.14 8/5/2021 10.15+ Employment Agreement, dated April 20, 2020, between SomaLogic, Inc. and Roy Smythe. 
 S-4/A 10.15 8/5/2021 10.16+ Employment Agreement, dated April 20, 2020, between SomaLogic, Inc. and Stephen Williams. 
 S-4/A 10.16 8/5/2021 10.17+ Employment Agreement, dated April 20, 2020, between SomaLogic, Inc. and Melody Harris. 
 S-4/A 10.17 8/5/2021 10.18+ Amendment to Employment Agreement dated June 28, 2021 between SomaLogic, Inc. and Roy Smythe. 
 S-4/A 10.18 8/5/2021 10.19+ Amendment to Employment Agreement dated June 28, 2021 between SomaLogic, Inc. and Stephen Williams. 
 S-4/A 10.19 8/5/2021 
 94 

Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 

 10.20+ Amendment to Employment Agreement dated June 28, 2021 between SomaLogic, Inc. and Melody Harris. 
 S-4/A 10.2 8/5/2021 10.21 Form of Subscription Agreement. 
 8-K 10.1 3/29/2021 10.22 Form of Stockholder Lock-Up Agreement. 
 8-K 10.2 3/29/2021 10.23 Form of Stockholder Support Agreement. 
 8-K 10.3 3/29/2021 10.24 Sponsor Support Agreement dated March 28, 2021. 
 8-K 10.4 3/29/2021 10.25 Forfeiture Agreement dated March 28, 2021. 
 8-K 10.5 3/29/2021 10.26 Form of Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement. 
 8-K 10.6 3/29/2021 10.27 Investment Management Trust Agreement dated February 22, 2021. 
 8-K 10.2 2/26/2021 10.28 Registration Rights Agreement dated February 22, 2021. 
 8-K 10.3 2/26/2021 10.29 Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement dated February 22, 2021 
 8-K 10.4 2/26/2021 10.30 Letter Agreement dated February 22, 2021. 
 8-K 10.5 2/26/2021 10.31 Forward Purchase Agreement dated February 22, 2021. 
 8-K 10.6 2/26/2021 10.32 Forward Purchase Agreement dated February 22, 2021. 
 8-K 10.7 2/26/2021 10.33 Master Collaboration Agreement, dated September 20, 2019, between SomaLogic, Inc. and Novartis Pharma AG. 
 S-4/A 10.33 8/5/2021 10.34 Amended and Restated Master SomaScan Discovery Services Agreement, dated October 13, 2020, between SomaLogic, Inc. and Amgen Inc. 
 S-4/A 10.34 8/5/2021 10.35 Supply Agreement, dated April 8, 2019, between SomaLogic, Inc. and Agilent Technologies, Inc., as amended by that certain First Amendment to Supply Agreement, dated October 1, 2021, between SomaLogic, Inc. and Agilent Technologies, Inc. 
 10-K 10.34 3/29/2022 10.36 Supply Agreement, dated August 15, 2017, between SomaLogic, Inc. and Global Life Sciences Solutions USA LLC, as amended by that certain First Amendment to Catalog Product Support Agreement, dated September 14, 2020, between SomaLogic, Inc. and Global Life Sciences Solutions USA LLC. 
 10-K 10.35 3/29/2022 10.37 # Collaboration Agreement, dated December 31, 2021, among SomaLogic, Inc., Illumina Cambridge, Ltd. and Illumina, Inc. 
 10-K 10.36 3/29/2022 10.38 # First Amendment to Collaboration Agreement, dated November 14, 2022, among SomaLogic, Inc., Illumina Cambridge, Ltd. and Illumina, Inc. 
 10.39 Lease Agreement, dated February 10, 2022, between SomaLogic Operating Co., Inc. and Louisville 1 Industrial Owner, LLC. 
 8-K 10.1 2/16/2022 10.40 Lease Agreement, dated February 10, 2022, between SomaLogic Operative Co., Inc. and Louisville 2 Industrial Owner, LLC. 
 8-K 10.2 2/16/2022 10.41+ Employment Agreement, dated October 17, 2022, between SomaLogic, Inc. and Troy Cox. 
 8-K 10.1 10/17/2022 10.42+ Key Employee Severance Plan, dated October 17, 2022. 
 8-K 10.2 10/17/2022 21.1 Subsidiaries of the Company. 
 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 31.1 Certification by Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) of the Exchange Act Rules, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification by Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) of the Exchange Act Rules, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 Certifications by Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Title 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 Certifications by Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Title 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.IN Inline XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Calculation Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Presentation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition LinkBase Document 
 95 

Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 

 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) Filed herewith. Furnished herewith Certain of the exhibits and schedules to this Exhibit have been omitted in accordance with Regulation S-K Item 601(a)(5). The Company has omitted portions of the exhibit as permitted under Regulation S-K Item 601(b)(10). The Registrant agrees to furnish on a supplemental basis an unredacted copy of this exhibit and its materiality and privacy or confidentiality analysis if requested by the SEC. # Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment. Omitted material for which confidential treatment has been requested has been filed separately with the SEC. + Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 96 

Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 

 Signatures 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 SomaLogic, Inc. Date: March 28, 2023 By: /s/ Troy Cox Name: Troy Cox Title: Executive Chairman 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Signature Title Date /s/ Troy Cox Executive Chairman March 28, 2023 Troy Cox (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Shaun Blakeman Chief Financial Officer March 28, 2023 Shaun Blakeman (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) /s/ Robert Barchi Director March 28, 2023 Robert Barchi /s/ Eli Casdin Director March 28, 2023 Eli Casdin /s/ Charles M. Lillis Director March 28, 2023 Charles M. Lillis /s/ Anne Margulies Director March 28, 2023 Anne Margulies /s/ Ted Meisel Director March 28, 2023 Ted Meisel /s/ Richard Post Director March 28, 2023 Richard Post /s/ Roy Smythe Director March 28, 2023 Roy Smythe 
 97 

<EX-10.38>
 2
 a2022q4exhibit1038.htm
 EX-10.38

Document 
 Exhibit 10.38 
 
 CONFIDENTIAL 
 EXECUTION COPY 

 FIRST AMENDMENT TO COLLABORATION AGREEMENT 
 Catch0 Manufacturing Evaluation 
 This First Amendment to Collaboration Agreement (the Amendment effective as of date of last signature below (the Amendment Effective Date by and among Illumina Cambridge, Ltd., a private company limited by shares organized under the laws of England and Wales, with an address at Illumina Centre, 19 Granta Park, Great Abington, Cambridge, CB21 6DF, United Kingdom Illumina ), SomaLogic, Inc., a Delaware corporation having a place of business at 2945 Wilderness Place, Boulder, CO 80301 SomaLogic and, solely for purposes of Section 11.7, Illumina, Inc., a Delaware corporation having a place of business at 5200 Illumina Way, San Diego, CA 92122. Illumina and SomaLogic are referred to herein individually as a Party and collectively as the Parties . 
 Recitals 
 A. SomaLogic and Illumina entered into Collaboration Agreement effective as of December 31, 2021 (the Agreement ), in accordance with which the Parties are engaged in a co-exclusive collaboration for the development of co-branded NGS-based proteomic distributable kits and 
 B. The Parties now wish to amend the Agreement as set forth herein solely to permit Illumina to receive and evaluate certain SomaScan Catch0 Manufacturing Technology (as defined below). 
 The Parties agree as follows 
 1. The terms in this Amendment with initial letters capitalized have the meanings set forth in this Amendment or, if not defined herein, as set forth in the Agreement. 
 2. This Amendment is being executed in connection with the disclosure by SomaLogic to Illumina of certain Know-How and other Confidential Information Controlled by SomaLogic relating to a process for attaching SOMAmer Reagents to beads or a resin and using such beads or resin with the attached SOMAmer Reagents as a manufactured component of the SomaScan Assay (all such information, the SomaScan Catch0 Manufacturing Technology ). Notwithstanding any provision in the Agreement to the contrary, Illumina shall use the SomaScan Catch0 Manufacturing Technology solely to evaluate the likelihood that SomaLogic s ongoing development efforts will meet the Parties timeline for the launch of Licensed Products and not for any other purpose. If Illumina has reason to believe that the SomaScan Catch0 Manufacturing Technology or any component thereof is deficient and, therefore, will not meet the Parties current development timeline, the Parties will enter into a separate written agreement prior to engaging in any collaborative efforts to modify the SomaScan Catch0 Manufacturing Technology in any manner. 
 3. Except as specifically modified by this Amendment, all provisions of the Agreement will remain in full force and effect from the Effective Date through the end of the Term. 
 4. Each Party warrants and represents that it (a) it has the right to enter into this Amendment and (b) the terms of this Amendment are not inconsistent with other contractual obligations, expressed or implied, which it may have. 
 Page 1 of 2 

Exhibit 10.38 
 
 CONFIDENTIAL 
 EXECUTION COPY 

 5. This Amendment may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which will be deemed to be an original and all of which, when taken together, will constitute a single legal instrument. Signature pages of this Amendment may be exchanged by facsimile or electronically as a portable document format (.pdf) file or similar electronic file and such signature pages will be deemed to be originals. 
 6. This Amendment, together with the Agreement, constitutes the entire agreement between the Parties as to the subject matter of the Agreement, and supersedes and merges all prior agreements and understandings regarding the same. 
 The Parties have executed this First Amendment to Collaboration Agreement as of the Amendment Effective Date. 
 ILLUMINA CAMBRIDGE, LTD. SOMALOGIC, INC. By s Mark Robinson By s Amy Graves Name Mark Robinson Name Amy Graves Title VP-Finance, International Finance Dept Title Chief Accounting Officer Date Nov 11, 2022 Date Nov 14, 2022 Solely for purposes of Section 11.7 and Section 14.15 of the Agreement 
 ILLUMINA, INC. 
 By s Fiona Kaper Name Fiona Kaper Title Vice President, Distinguished Scientist Date Nov 11, 2022 
 
 Page 2 of 2 

</EX-10.38>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 a2022q4ex211subsidiarylist.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 
 Exhibit 21.1 

SUBSIDIARIES OF SOMALOGIC, INC. 

Name of Subsidiary Jurisdiction SomaLogic Operating Co., Inc. Delaware SomaLogic Limited United Kingdom Panther Merger Subsidiary II, LLC Delaware SomaLogic Singapore PTE. LTD. Singapore 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 a2022q4exhibit231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 
 Exhibit 23.1 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements 
 
 (1) Registration Statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-268066) of SomaLogic, Inc. 
 (2) Registration Statement on Form S-8 (No. 333-260892) pertaining to the 
 SomaLogic, Inc. 2009 Equity Incentive Plan 
 SomaLogic, Inc. 2017 Equity Incentive Plan 
 SomaLogic, Inc. 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan 
 SomaLogic, Inc. 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 Option Agreements Outside of Equity Incentive Plan 
 (3) Registration Statement on Form S-8 (No. 333-267596) pertaining to the 
 SomaLogic, Inc. 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan 
 
 of our report dated March 28, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of SomaLogic, Inc. included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 s Ernst & Young LLP 
 
 Denver, Colorado 
 March 28, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 a2022q4exhibit311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Roy Smythe, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of SomaLogic, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 SomaLogic, Inc. Date March 28, 2023 s Roy Smythe Name Roy Smythe Title Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 a2022q4exhibit312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Shaun Blakeman, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of SomaLogic, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 SomaLogic, Inc. Date March 28, 2023 s Shaun Blakeman Name Shaun Blakeman Title Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 a2022q4exhibit321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of SomaLogic, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Roy Smythe, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. 
 
 SomaLogic, Inc. Date March 28, 2023 s Roy Smythe Name Roy Smythe Title Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 a2022q4exhibit322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of SomaLogic, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Shaun Blakeman, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. 
 
 SomaLogic, Inc. Date March 28, 2023 s Shaun Blakeman Name Shaun Blakeman Title Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 slgc-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 slgc-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 slgc-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 slgc-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 slgc-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

