<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230309_10-K_edgar_data_883569_0000883569-23-000010.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>16452212</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>315769</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2423398</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6121384</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3856995</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3431980</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000883569-23-000010.hdr.sgml : 20230309
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230309163747
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000883569-23-000010
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		137
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230309
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230309

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Fossil Group, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000883569
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WATCHES, CLOCKS, CLOCKWORK OPERATED DEVICES/PARTS [3873]
		IRS NUMBER:				752018505
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1228

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41040
		FILM NUMBER:		23720264

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		901 S CENTRAL EXPRESSWAY
		CITY:			RICHARDSON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75080
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9722342525

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		901 S CENTRAL EXPRESSWAY
		CITY:			RICHARDSON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75080

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	FOSSIL INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19940218

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000883569-23-000010.txt : 20230309

10-K
 1
 fosl-20221231.htm
 10-K

fosl-20221231 
 
 Use these links to rapidly review the document 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 PART IV 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 _________________________________________ 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the Fiscal Year Ended , 2022 OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant's telephone number, including area code: ) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Ticker Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 _________________________________________ 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company" and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large Accelerated Filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
 
 Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of common stock, 0.01 par value per share, held by non-affiliates of the registrant, based on the last sale price of the common stock as reported by the NASDAQ Global Select Market on July 2, 2022 was million. For purposes of this computation, all officers, directors and 10 beneficial owners of the registrant are deemed to be affiliates. Such determination should not be deemed an admission that such officers, directors or 10 beneficial owners are, in fact, affiliates of the registrant. 
 As of March 3, 2023, shares of common stock were outstanding. 
 _________________________________________ 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Table of Contents 

 FOSSIL GROUP, INC. 
 FORM 10-K 
 FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 INDEX 
 Page PART I 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 15 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 33 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 33 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 33 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 33 
 PART II 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 34 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 35 
 Item 7. 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 36 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 48 
 Item 8. 
 Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 50 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 88 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 88 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 90 
 Item 9C . 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 90 
 PART III 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 90 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 90 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 90 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 90 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 90 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Consolidated Financial Statement Schedules 
 91 

Table of Contents 

 In this Form 10-K, references to "we," "our," and the "Company" refer to Fossil Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. 
 
 NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K ("Annual Report"), including the sections entitled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Risk Factors and Business, contains forward-looking statements based on our management s beliefs and assumptions and on information currently available to our management. Forward-looking statements include all statements that are not historical facts and generally may be identified by terms such as believe, may, will, should, seek, forecast, outlook, estimate, continue, anticipate, intend, could, would, project, predict, potential, plan, expect or the negative or plural of these words or similar expressions. Forward-looking statements by their nature address matters that are, to different degrees, uncertain, and these forward-looking statements are only predictions and are subject to risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that are difficult to predict, including any continuing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, particularly in China, and our ability to successfully manage any demand, supply, and operational challenges associated with the COVID-19 pandemic. Therefore, actual results may differ materially and adversely from those expressed in any forward-looking statements. Factors that might cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed in this Annual Report under the section entitled Risk Factors in Item 1A of Part I and elsewhere, and in other reports we file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"). In addition, many of the foregoing risks and uncertainties are, and could be, exacerbated by pandemics and any worsening of the global business and economic environment. While forward-looking statements are based on reasonable expectations of our management at the time that they are made, you should not rely on them. We undertake no obligation to revise or update publicly any forward-looking statements for any reason, except as required by applicable law. 
 
 Summary Risk Factors 
 
 Our business is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that may affect our business, results of operations and financial condition, or the trading price of our common stock. These risk factors may not be exhaustive. We operate in a continually changing business environment, and new risks and uncertainties emerge from time to time. Management cannot predict such new risks and uncertainties, nor can it assess the extent to which any of the risk factors below or any such new risks and uncertainties, or any combination thereof, may impact our business. These risks are more fully described in Part I, Item 1A. "Risk Factors". These risks include, among others, the following: 
 
 COVID-19 Pandemic Risks 
 
 the continuing impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic and actions taken by governments, businesses, and individuals in response to the pandemic. 
 
 Strategic Risks 
 
 our ability to anticipate and respond to changing fashion, functionality and product trends; 
 our ability to continue to develop innovative products; 
 our ability to execute our e-commerce business; 
 consumer acceptance of new products, features or technology; 
 our ability to grow our sales is dependent on our business strategy; 
 the cost and stakeholder approval of our sustainability practices; 
 climate change and other environmental impacts. 
 
 Operational Risks 
 
 increased political uncertainty, particularly the uncertainty resulting from the invasion of Ukraine by Russia; 
 supply chain disruptions resulting from changes in U.S. trade policy with China or as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic; 
 loss of any of our license agreements for globally recognized fashion brand names; 
 loss of our license for Google s WEAR OS operating system; 
 effectively managing our retail store operations; 
 supply shortages for certain key components in our products; 
 seasonality of our business; 
 the success of the shopping malls and retail centers in which our stores are located; 
 loss of key facilities; 
 fluctuations in the price, availability and quality of raw materials and any impact of inflation; 
 problems with, or loss of, our assembly factories or manufacturing sources; 
 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 we do not maintain long-term contracts with our customers; 
 we face intense competition in the specialty retail and e-commerce industries and some competitors are substantially larger than us; 
 we face competition from traditional competitors as well as competitors in the wearable technology category; 
 any material disruption of our information systems; 
 factors affecting international commerce and our international operations; 
 changes in economic and social conditions in Asia, particularly China, and disruptions in international travel and shipping; 
 loss of key senior management or failure to attract and retain key employees. 

Risks related to our Indebtedness 
 
 our failure to comply with the covenants contained in our debt agreements; 
 our borrowings may fluctuate significantly; 
 our indebtedness could adversely affect our financial condition and prevent us from fulfilling our obligations; 
 our ability to generate sufficient cash flows to meet our debt service obligations; 
 we may incur significantly more debt, including secured debt. 
 
 Financial Risks 
 
 changes in the mix of product sales demand; 
 impact of U.S. tax legislation and potential changes to international tax rules; 
 incurring impairment charges; 
 increased competition from online only retailers and a highly promotional retail environment; 
 our license agreements may require minimum royalty commitments, regardless of the level of product sales under these agreements; 
 foreign currency fluctuations; 

Legal, Compliance and Reputational Risks 
 
 a data security or privacy breach; 
 violations of laws and regulations, or changes to existing laws or regulations in the U.S. or internationally; 
 tariffs or other restrictions placed on imports from China and any retaliatory trade measures taken by China; 
 loss of our intellectual property rights; 
 infringing the intellectual property rights of others; 
 failure by an independent manufacturer or license partner to use acceptable labor practices, otherwise comply with laws or suffer reputation harm. 
 
 Risks Relating to our Common Stock 
 
 rapid and substantial increases or decreases in our stock price, regardless of developments in our business; 
 our CEO owns approximately 6.2 of our outstanding common stock; 
 our organizational documents contain anti-takeover provisions; 
 failure to meet our financial guidance or achieve other forward-looking statements we have provided to the public. 
 
 General Risks 
 any deterioration in the global economic environment, and any resulting declines in consumer confidence and spending; 
 the effects of economic cycles, terrorism, acts of war and retail industry conditions; 
 foreign government regulations and U.S. trade policy; 
 inherent limitations in control systems could lead to error or fraud that is not detected. 
 Trademarks, service marks, trade names and copyrights 
 We use our FOSSIL, MICHELE, RELIC, SKAGEN and ZODIAC trademarks, as well as other trademarks, on watches, our FOSSIL and SKAGEN trademarks on jewelry, and our FOSSIL trademark on leather goods and other fashion accessories in the U.S. and in a significant number of foreign countries. We also use FOSSIL, SKAGEN, WATCH STATION 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 INTERNATIONAL and WSI as trademarks on retail stores and FOSSIL, SKAGEN, WATCH STATION INTERNATIONAL, WSI, MISFIT, ZODIAC, KATCHIN and MICHELE as trademarks on online e-commerce sites. This Annual Report may also contain other trademarks, service marks, trade names and copyrights of ours or of other companies with whom we have, for example, licensing agreements to produce, market and distribute products. Solely for convenience, the trademarks, service marks, trade names and copyrights referred to in this Annual Report may be listed without the TM, SM, and symbols, as applicable, but we will assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, our rights or the rights of the applicable licensors, if any, to these trademarks, service marks, trade names and copyrights. 
 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 In this Annual Report, references to we, our, us, "Fossil" and the Company refer to Fossil Group, Inc., including its consolidated subsidiaries as of December 31, 2022 ("fiscal 2022"). The Company s fiscal year periodically results in a 53-week year instead of a normal 52-week year. The fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022 ("fiscal 2021") were each a 52-week period, the fiscal year ended January 2, 2021 ("fiscal 2020") was a 53-week period. 
 PART I 
 Item 1. Business 
 Company 
 We are a design, innovation and distribution company specializing in consumer fashion accessories. Our products include traditional watches, smartwatches, jewelry, handbags, small leather goods, belts and sunglasses. We design, develop, market and distribute products under our owned brands FOSSIL, SKAGEN, MICHELE, RELIC and ZODIAC and licensed brands ARMANI EXCHANGE, DIESEL, DKNY, EMPORIO ARMANI, KATE SPADE NEW YORK, MICHAEL KORS, and TORY BURCH. Based on our range of accessory products, brands, distribution channels and price points, we are able to target style-conscious consumers across a wide age spectrum on a global basis. 
 Operating Strategy 
 
 Our goal is to drive shareholder value by increasing earnings and making a positive impact on our people, planet and communities. We operate in a challenging business environment. However, we see opportunities for sustainable growth and value creation. 
 We recently announced our Transform and Grow initiative TAG designed to reduce operating expenses, improve operating margins and advance our path to profitable growth. The Transform aspect of our TAG program focuses on optimizing our core categories, brands, geographies and channels. Through this more focused lens, we intend to restructure our operations to achieve lower operating expenses and reduce our working capital. The reduction in operating expenses is intended to generate estimated annualized benefits of at least 100 million by the end of 2024. The Growth aspect of our TAG program focuses on the following three key growth strategies with three growth enablers: 
 Growth Strategies 
 
 Revitalize the Fossil Brand. FOSSIL is our flagship brand and is our largest revenue brand. The brand is global in distribution with high awareness in our core product categories. Our goal is to become a best-in-class global lifestyle accessory brand with strong brand equity and a highly engaged community of consumers. W e have developed our strategy with a target consumer in mind, which we believe enables us to consistently grow sales in a profitable manner across both digital and physical channels globally. 
 
 Grow Watches and Jewelry in our Core Portfolio Brands. We have leveraged our brand building experience to develop significant revenue and profit from the design, development and distribution of traditional watches for our licensed brands. We plan to focus more resources on our largest licensed brands and allocate more resources to grow our jewelry category for these brands, as branded jewelry is a growing category with comparable margins to watches. 
 
 Focus on Premium Watches. The luxury watch business is very strong and influences the overall watch market, particularly in the men s watch category. We believe this influence creates white space opportunities for us to capture growth in the premium tiers of our core brands and in our premium priced brands. 
 
 Growth Enablers 
 
 Digital Transformation . Through our digital roadmap, we have significantly enhanced our digital capabilities in both talent and technology and are pleased with the benefits that we have realized and expect to realize. We plan to continue to invest in our digital roadmap to enable profitable revenue growth in digital channels, which includes our owned e-commerce sites and third-party platforms around the world. 
 
 Marketing Transformation . We plan to invest more resources in our marketing efforts, including public relations, collaborations, social, search, influencers, as a key enabler to creating demand for our brands and products. Our marketing programs will leverage consumer insights and analytics to create more personalized communication to our end consumers. Our goal is to develop closer connections to our end consumers by building communities of consumers across our brands. 

4 

Table of Contents 

 Technology Investments . We plan to invest in our core applications to drive efficiency and productivity to maximize the value of our scale in our operations, supply chain and back office operations . 
 Segments 
 We report segment information based on the management approach . The management approach designates the internal reporting used by management for making decisions and assessing performance as the source of the Company's reportable segments. 
 
 We manage our business primarily on a geographic basis. The Company's reportable operating segments are comprised of (i) Americas, (ii) Europe and (iii) Asia. Each reportable operating segment includes sales to wholesale and distributor customers, and sales through Company-owned retail stores and e-commerce activities based on the location of the selling entity. The Americas segment primarily includes sales to customers based in Canada, Latin America and the United States. The Europe segment primarily includes sales to customers based in European countries, the Middle East and Africa. The Asia segment primarily includes sales to customers based in Australia, Greater China, India, Indonesia, Japan, Malaysia, New Zealand, Singapore, South Korea and Thailand. Each reportable operating segment provides similar products and services. 
 Brands 
 We are home to a collection of world-class owned and licensed brands that share our passion for design, innovation and doing good. Together, we make distinctive watches and lifestyle accessories, bringing each brand to life through an extensive global channel and distribution network. We believe that the way we use our time matters, and we ve made it our goal to create lasting change at the intersection of fashion and technology, while investing in the communities around the world where we live, work and play. 
 
 Our consumer-first mindset drives every decision we make. By capitalizing on fashion trends and leveraging proprietary data and insights, we are able to deliver relevant, high-value products and experiences to consumers across a diverse range of price points, style preferences and geographies. 
 
 Brand Building 
 
 Our ambition is to capture a greater share of the growing global accessories market with a collection of the world's most distinctive brands. We re investing in and strengthening each brand within our diverse owned and licensed portfolio, connecting with customers across price point, channel, geography and styles. 
 
 The ability to build and activate strong lifestyle brands is key to our success. Our multi channel model delivers engaging experiences directly to our consumers through our owned channels of distribution, direct 1P marketplaces and via third party distributors. Being consumer-first means we walk in their shoes, learning from first party data, as well as fashion and style trends, to deliver relevant and memorable brand experiences. 
 
 Proprietary Brands 
 
 Our owned brands include FOSSIL, SKAGEN, MICHELE, RELIC and ZODIAC. 
 FOSSIL 
 FOSSIL is a leading global lifestyle accessories brand inspired by creativity and ingenuity. We create timeless, well-crafted bags, jewelry and watches to accessorize a joyful, inspired life. Today, we are on a mission, continuing our decade-long commitment to "Make Time For Good," while building a dynamic, multi-channel organization connecting with customers all over the world. 
 
 SKAGEN 
 From the coastlines of Skagen, Denmark to the city life of Copenhagen, intentional Danish design has influenced Skagen's distinctive point of view. Since 1989, our watches and jewelry have been defined by timeless design that never goes out of style. 
 MICHELE 
 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 MICHELE luxury timepieces are an extension of the women who wear them - women who are bold, feminine and unforgettable. Our exceptional watches feature the finest materials; hand-set diamonds, 18K gold, mother-of-pearl dials and signature MICHELE details that women celebrate as a reflection of their distinct personal style. 
 
 RELIC 
 RELIC by Fossil is an American watch and lifestyle brand creatively delivering accessible, updated casual designs. With each of our signature watches and accessories, we create styles that fit your everyday lifestyle. 
 ZODIAC 
 ZODIAC was founded in 1882 by Ariste Calame in Le Locle, Switzerland. For 140 years, we have dedicated ourselves to the precision and craftsmanship associated with Swiss mechanical timekeeping. Zodiac consistently pushes the limits of design innovation, driving new variations of our iconic models forward with purposeful uses of color and premium materials, all powered by proprietary Swiss mechanical movements and leading technologies. 
 
 Licensed Brands 
 Our main licensed brands include ARMANI EXCHANGE, DIESEL, DKNY, EMPORIO ARMANI, KATE SPADE NEW YORK, MICHAEL KORS, and TORY BURCH. As a result of our vertical integration, we are uniquely positioned to launch an accessory category, such as watches, in partnership with a licensor in a timely and consistent manner. All of our major licensing relationships are exclusive for the brands we license and include traditional watches, and for certain other brands, smartwatches and/or jewelry. 
 Products 
 We design, develop, market and distribute accessories across a variety of product categories: traditional watches, smartwatches, jewelry, handbags, small leather goods, belts and sunglasses. Additionally, we manufacture and/or distribute private label brands, as well as branded products purchased for resale in certain of our other branded retail stores. The following table sets forth certain information with respect to the breakdown of our net sales and percentage change among proprietary, licensed and other brands for the fiscal years indicated (in millions, except for percentage data): 
 
 Fiscal Year 2022 2021 2020 Dollars Change Dollars Change Dollars Net sales Proprietary 807.7 (6.0) 859.3 11.0 774.2 Licensed 781.7 (17.2) 944.3 23.7 763.5 Other 93.0 40.1 66.4 (12.2) 75.6 Total 1,682.4 (10.0) 1,870.0 15.9 1,613.3 
 Traditional Watches and Smartwatches 
 Watches are our core global business. Sales of watches for fiscal years 2022, 2021 and 2020 accounted for approximately 77.9 , 80.9 and 81.0 , respectively, of our consolidated net sales. 
 Our full display smartwatches use Google s WEAR OS operating system. We have a license for WEAR OS that expires on August 30, 2024. Certain of our hybrid and other smartwatches use operating systems developed by us or as otherwise licensed to us by Google. 
 Licensed Brands 
 We have entered into multi-year, worldwide exclusive license agreements for the manufacture, distribution and sale of watches bearing the brand names of certain globally recognized fashion brands. The following table sets forth information with respect to our primary watch licenses: 
 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 Brand Expiration 
 Date 1 
 ARMANI EXCHANGE 12/31/2023 DIESEL 12/31/2027 DKNY 12/31/2024 EMPORIO ARMANI 12/31/2023 KATE SPADE NEW YORK 12/31/2025 MICHAEL KORS 12/31/2024 TORY BURCH 12/31/2023 
 ___________________________________________________________________ 
 (1) Subject to early termination in certain circumstances 

We also license certain internationally known brand names, such as Skechers, for limited distribution in select markets. We mutually agreed with PUMA to an early termination of the PUMA license agreement effective at the end of 2023. We are negotiating a new long-term agreement for our license for the Tory Burch brand and negotiating an extension of our current licenses for the Armani Exchange and Emporio Armani brands. Our license agreement with DKNY provides the licensor the right to terminate the license if we fail to meet the minimum net sales specified in the license agreement for two consecutive years, which we did not meet. If we do receive a termination notice from DKNY, the license agreement will terminate, but we will be allowed to sell through the current collection of articles in production when the termination occurs. 
 
 Fashion Accessories 
 In addition to our core watch business, we also design and create handbags, small leather goods, and belts across certain of our owned brands and jewelry under our owned brands and certain licensed brands. In the U.S. and certain international markets, we generally market our fashion accessory lines through the same distribution channels as our watches using similar marketing approaches. Our fashion accessories are typically sold in locations adjacent to watch departments, in store or online, which may lead to purchases by persons who are familiar with our watch brands. Sales of our accessory lines accounted for 19.8 , 16.9 and 16.7 of our consolidated net sales in fiscal years 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 The following table sets forth information about our fashion accessories: 
 Brand Accessory Category DIESEL Jewelry EMPORIO ARMANI Jewelry FOSSIL Handbags, small leather goods, belts, eyewear, jewelry MICHAEL KORS Jewelry SKAGEN Jewelry 
 Licensed Eyewear 
 We have a license agreement with the Safilo Group for both FOSSIL branded sunglasses and optical frames worldwide, which expires on December 31, 2028. The license agreement provides for royalties to be paid to us based on a percentage of net sales and includes certain guaranteed minimum royalties. Sales of licensed eyewear accounted for approximately 0.5 , 0.4 and 0.4 of our consolidated net sales for fiscal years 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Stores 
 
 Our products are sold across approximately 140 countries worldwide through 23 Company-owned sales subsidiaries and through a network of 65 independent distributors. Our products are offered on airlines and cruise ships and in international Company-owned retail stores. Our network of Company-owned stores included 154 retail stores and 188 outlet stores as of 
 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 December 31, 2022. In certain international markets, our products are also sold through licensed and franchised FOSSIL retail stores, retail concessions operated by us and kiosks. 
 We also operate stores under the WATCH STATION and WSI brands, in which we partner with some of the world's most iconic brands to curate a unique collection of designer watches and jewelry for women and men. We offer a robust online and in-store experience in the United States, Europe and Asia that connects our customers to the stories, trends and latest innovations in the world of watches. 
 
 Marketing 
 Our marketing approach meets the consumer wherever they are, both online and offline. We create the best possible brand experience through a blend of art and science, which means that we prioritize both data-driven decision-making and creativity in our marketing approach. At our core, we are storytellers and have the ability to craft meaningful product and brand narratives across the funnel. 
 
 We have an in-house marketing center of excellence, serving both our owned and licensed brands, to better connect with consumers and drive sustained engagement and awareness. This capability works across channels, including digital marketing, social media/social commerce, email marketing, Customer Relationship Management, partner marketing and brand media. We expanded this model in 2022 to include brand development, PR, content and integrated marketing, in addition to a dynamic global creative studio. 
 
 We have built proprietary algorithms to support the profitable flow-through of marketing investment, optimized across channels, brands and countries. We deliver increasingly better personalization through ongoing test-and-learn as well as through the consumer insight and predictive analytics capabilities we have built over the past few years. 
 
 We are strategically increasing our marketing investment and are telling fewer stories better so that our consumers understand the enduring role our brands play in their lives. 
 
 Distribution 
 We distribute our products globally through regional warehouses with our warehouse in Dallas, Texas serving the Americas, our warehouse in Eggst tt, Germany serving Europe and our warehouse in Hong Kong serving Asia. For those countries in which our products are distributed, but where we don t have a physical presence, we use third-party distributors. From our regional warehouses, our products are shipped to subsidiary warehouses, distributors, wholesale accounts or directly to customers in selected markets. Our extensive distribution network allows us to reach a diverse global customer base. We sell our products through a range of channels including e-commerce, Company-owned retail stores, department and specialty retail stores, airlines, mass markets and concessions. 
 Digital 
 Our holistic e-commerce efforts include three forms of digital channels. First, our owned global e-commerce websites for our brands deliver mobile-friendly experiences, personalized content, and seamless omni-channel integration with retail stores, including buy online pick up in store, curbside pickup and ship from store. Second, we sell our products to leading third-party online retailers and our wholesalers e-commerce websites. Third, we directly sell to consumers on major third-party platforms. 
 
 Our e-commerce capabilities and total revenue contribution continue to grow as a part of our total business. In fiscal year 2022, our digital sales comprised 37.0 of consolidated net sales. This included sustained positive comps on our owned e-commerce channels year-over-year. We will continue to invest in growing our e-commerce capabilities in fiscal year 2023, with a focus on improving and streamlining the consumer experience, better leveraging first-party data and bringing more engaging content and stories to life across our channels. 
 
 Manufacturing and Sourcing 
 The vast majority of our products are sourced internationally. Most watch product sourcing is coordinated through our Hong Kong subsidiary, Fossil (East) Limited Fossil East ). We have some limited watch assembly operations through owned facilities in India and Switzerland. Although we do not have long-term contracts with our unrelated watch and accessory manufacturers, we maintain long-term relationships with several manufacturers. These relationships developed due to the significant length of time we have conducted business with the same manufacturers. We believe that we are able to exert some operational control with regard to our principal watch assemblers because of our long-standing relationships. In addition, we believe that the relative size of our business with watch manufacturers gives us priority within their production schedules. 
 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Furthermore, the manufacturers understand our quality standards, which allow us to produce quality products supporting overall operating margins. We have also added third-party facilities and relationships for manufacturing our wearable technology products. 
 Our quality control program attempts to ensure that our products meet the standards established by our product development and quality staff. Development samples of products are inspected by us prior to placing orders with factories to ensure compliance with our designs. We also typically inspect or audit inspections of "top of production" samples of each product for compliance before or at the start of commencing production. The operations of the Hong Kong and Chinese factories that produce our products are monitored on a periodic basis by Fossil East, and the operations of our Swiss factories are monitored on a periodic basis by Montres Antima SA, one of our foreign operating subsidiaries. 
 Intellectual Property 
 We use our FOSSIL, MICHELE, RELIC, SKAGEN and ZODIAC trademarks, as well as other trademarks, on watches, our FOSSIL and SKAGEN trademarks on smartwatches and jewelry, and our FOSSIL trademark on leather goods and other fashion accessories in the U.S. and in a significant number of foreign countries. We also use FOSSIL, SKAGEN, WATCH STATION INTERNATIONAL, and WSI as trademarks on retail stores and FOSSIL, SKAGEN, WATCH STATION INTERNATIONAL, WSI, MISFIT, ZODIAC, KATCHIN and MICHELE as trademarks on online e-commerce sites. We have taken steps to establish or provide additional protection for our trademarks by registering or applying to register our trademarks for relevant classes of products in each country where our products are sold in addition to certain foreign countries where it is our intent to market our products in the future. We also have rights in certain copyrights and designs both in the United States and in other countries where are products are principally sold. 
 We continue to explore innovations in the design and assembly of our watch, smartwatch and related products. As a result, we have been granted, and have pending, various U.S. and international design and utility patents related to certain product designs, features, and technologies. As of December 31, 2022, none of our patents were material to our business. 
 We rely upon unpatented trade secrets, know-how, and continuing technological innovation to develop and maintain our competitive position, particularly in the wearable technology space. We strive to protect our trade secrets and other proprietary information through agreements with current and prospective product development partners, confidentiality agreements with employees, consultants and others that may have access to our proprietary information and through the use of other security measures. 
 We aggressively protect our trademarks and trade dress and pursue infringement claims both domestically and internationally. We also pursue counterfeiters both domestically and internationally through third-party online monitoring tools and through leads generated internally, as well as through our business partners worldwide. 
 Seasonality 
 Our business has a seasonal pattern, with a significant portion of our sales occurring during the end-of-year holiday period. 
 Significant Customer 
 No customer accounted for 10 or more of our consolidated net sales in fiscal years 2022, 2021 or 2020. 
 Competition 
 The businesses in which we compete are highly competitive and fragmented. The current market for traditional watches can be divided into tiers ranging from lower price point watches that are typically distributed through mass market channels to luxury watches at higher price points that are typically distributed through fine watch departments of upscale department stores or upscale specialty watch and fine jewelry stores. Our traditional watch business generally competes in these tiers with a number of established manufacturers, importers and distributors, including Armitron, Citizen, Gucci, Guess?, Kenneth Cole, LVMH Group, Movado, Raymond Weil, Seiko, Swatch, Swiss Army, TAG Heuer and Timex. In addition, our leather goods, sunglasses, and jewelry businesses compete with a large number of established companies that have significant experience developing, marketing and distributing such products. Our competitors include distributors that import watches and accessories from abroad, U.S. companies that have established foreign manufacturing relationships and companies that produce accessories domestically. 
 We believe the risk of significant new competitors for traditional watches is mitigated to some extent by barriers to entry such as high startup costs and the development of long-term relationships with customers and manufacturing sources. However, 
 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 in the expanding wearable technology industry, we face competition from technology brands such as Apple, Garmin and Samsung, from fitness brands such as Fitbit and from many established traditional watch manufacturers that have launched wearable technology products. As this industry evolves and grows, there will likely be increased competition as well. However, we believe our design and branding are strong competitive advantages. 
 Although the level and nature of competition varies among our product categories and geographic regions, we compete on the basis of style and technical features, price, value, quality, brand name, advertising, marketing, distribution and customer service. Our ability to identify and respond to changing fashion trends and consumer preferences (including wearable technology), to maintain existing relationships and develop new relationships with manufacturing sources, to deliver quality merchandise in a timely manner, to manage the retail sales process, and to continue to integrate technology into our business model are important factors in our ability to compete. Our distinctive business model of owning the distribution in many key markets and offering a globally recognized portfolio of proprietary and licensed products allows for many competitive advantages over smaller, regional or local competitors. This allows us to bypass a local distributor's cost structure in certain countries, resulting in more competitively priced products, while also generating higher product and operating margins. 
 Governmental Regulation 
 Imports and Import Restrictions 
 Most of our products are assembled or manufactured overseas. As a result, the U.S. and countries in which our products are sourced or sold may from time to time modify existing or impose new quotas, duties (including anti-dumping or countervailing duties), tariffs or other restrictions in a manner that adversely affects us. For example, our products imported for distribution in the U.S. are subject to U.S. customs duties, and in the ordinary course of our business, we may from time to time be subject to claims by the U.S. Customs Service for duties and other charges. Factors that may influence the modification or imposition of these restrictions include the determination by the U.S. Trade Representative that a country has denied adequate intellectual property rights or fair and equitable market access to U.S. firms that rely on intellectual property, trade disputes between the U.S. and a country that leads to withdrawal of "most favored nation" status for that country and economic and political changes within a country that are viewed unfavorably by the U.S. government. We cannot predict the effect these events would have on our operations, if any, especially in light of the concentration of our assembly and manufacturing operations in Hong Kong, and mainland China. 
 General 
 We are subject to laws regarding customs, tax, employment, privacy, truth-in-advertising, consumer product safety, zoning and occupancy and other laws and regulations that regulate and/or govern the importation, promotion and sale of consumer products and our corporate, retail and distribution operations. 
 Compliance and Trade 
 Code of Conduct for Manufacturers ("Manufacturer Code") 
 We are committed to ethical and responsible conduct in all of our operations and respect for the rights of all individuals. We strive to ensure that human rights are upheld for all workers involved in our supply chain, and that individuals experience safe, fair and non-discriminatory working conditions. In 2021, we joined the UN Global Compact and launched the Fossil Group Human Rights Policy. T his further supports our commitment to human rights within our entire supply chain. 
 In addition, we are committed to compliance with applicable environmental requirements and are committed to seeing that all of our products are manufactured and distributed in compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulations. We expect that our business partners will share these commitments, which we enforce through our Manufacturer Code. 
 Our Manufacturer Code specifically requires our manufacturers to not use child, forced or involuntary labor and to comply with applicable environmental laws and regulations. We provide training to our factories related to our Manufacturer Code and the applicable laws in the country in which the factory is located. The training provides the factories with a more in-depth explanation of our Manufacturer Code. 
 In addition to the contractual obligation, we evaluate our suppliers' compliance with our Manufacturer Code through audits conducted both by our employees and third-party compliance auditing firms. In most cases, the audits are announced. If we believe that a supplier is failing to live up to the standards of our Manufacturer Code, we may terminate the supplier or provide the supplier with an opportunity to remedy the non-compliance through the implementation of a corrective action plan. 
 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 Trade 
 Our warehouse and distribution facility in Dallas, Texas operates in a special purpose sub-zone established by the U.S. Department of Commerce Foreign Trade Zone Board. This sub-zone provides the following economic and operational advantages to us: (i) we do not have to pay duty on imported merchandise until it leaves the sub-zone and enters the U.S. market; (ii) we do not have to pay any U.S. duty on merchandise if the imported merchandise is subsequently shipped to locations outside the U.S.; and (iii) we do not have to pay local property tax on inventory located within the sub-zone. 
 Information Systems 
 Enterprise Resource Planning 
 We utilize SAP ERP in our U.S. operations and throughout most of our European operations to support our human resources, sales and distribution, inventory planning, retail merchandising and operational and financial reporting systems of our business, and Navision in our Asian operations to support many of the same functions on a local country level. We also use tools provided by salesforce.com, inc. to support our brand websites globally as well as in our CRM initiatives. 
 Enterprise Performance Management Systems 
 We have implemented customized Hyperion financial reporting software from Oracle Corporation. The software increases the efficiency of our consolidation and reporting process and provides a more dynamic way to view and analyze data. The Hyperion planning tool also provides more dynamic and robust budgeting and forecasting capabilities. 
 Point-of-Sale System 
 We plan to begin the global implementation of a new point-of-sale system in 2023 at our retail stores beginning in Europe with additional implementation in the Americas and Asia in 2024. This point-of-sale system will significantly enhance our omni-channel capabilities allowing us to better serve our customers across channels with inventory and fulfillment. 
 Customer Data Platform 
 
 We successfully implemented a next generation, cloud-based Customer Data Platform (CDP) in 2022 to better capture, identify, and manage our customer narrative and further enable our sales programs and interactive marketing initiatives in a more personalized, secure and dynamic manner. 
 
 Customer Master Data Migration 
 
 We completed the formal transition of master customer data from an on-premise, proprietary data repository to a cloud native, industry standard design based on the Google Cloud Platform (GCP) architecture, in order to better secure and improve the long-term performance and integration for future key marketing, analytics, AI, and sales systems. 
 
 We have global information security and privacy compliance programs, comprised of risk management policies and procedures for our information systems, cybersecurity practices and protection of consumer and employee personal data and confidential information. Our Board of Directors has ultimate oversight of the Company s risk management policies and procedures, and has delegated primary responsibility for monitoring the risks and programs in this area to the Audit Committee, which receives quarterly updates from management on the Company's information security and privacy risk and compliance. The Board of Directors receives periodic updates on these topics as well. We have network security and cyber liability insurance in order to provide a level of financial protection in the event of certain covered cyber losses and data breaches. 
 Human Capital Resources 
 As of December 31, 2022, we employed approximately 6,900 people, including approximately 4,400 persons employed by our foreign operating subsidiaries. 
 None of our domestic or foreign-based employees are represented by a trade union. However, certain European-based employees are represented by work councils, which include a number of our current employees who negotiate with management on behalf of all the applicable employees. 
 As a purpose driven consumer-centric organization that understands the value of a having a high performing, actively engaged workforce, we believe that our employees fuel our success and are the driving force in delivering our business 
 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 objectives and creating value for our key stakeholders, including customers, investors, and partners. We consistently strive to be a responsible employer in everything we do, including attracting and employing the most talented people while retaining them over the long-term through employment opportunities, compensation and benefits, personal development, and the purpose-driven environment that we create together. 
 Our Organization 
 Our approach to business achievement and our workplace culture continue to support our ability to be an employer of choice and elevate the collective strength of our workforce, which provides a competitive advantage through successful human resources management. Our values, which include authenticity, grit, curiosity, sense of humor and making an impact, are the foundation for our workplace policies and practices. 
 By the numbers, our workforce is increasingly diverse. Globally, 37 of our employees are in the Americas; 30 are based in Europe; and 33 are in the Asia-Pacific region. Women represent 62 of our employees and men 38 . In the U.S., including corporate, retail and distribution employees, in the aggregate 58 of employees identify as black and indigenous people of color BIPOC ), 41 identify as white and 1 did not self-identify. 
 We are committed to be a company that reflects our diverse world, and we will enable diversity and inclusion to fuel employee and Company success. We welcome fresh perspectives and believe that a diverse and inclusive workplace leads to innovation, collaboration, creativity, and personal and commercial growth. Our diversity, equity and inclusion DE I strategy was reviewed by an independent third-party, assuring we continue to push ourselves to become more inclusive. Our journey to become a more diverse workforce around the world is guided by five primary goals: 
 
 1. Growing our knowledge . We recognize DE I is a journey and growing our knowledge is the foundation for our entire DE I strategy. Our employees are at the center of this journey, providing them with opportunities to learn and grow through a variety of methods - online DE I communities, participation in Employee Resource Groups (ERGs), continuing unconscious-bias education (required for certain employees), inclusion education (required for certain leaders), other broader DE I topics and Fossil Group Gathering sessions, which provides our workforce the opportunity to discuss issues, incidents and moments impacting our diverse employee community. We also increased our focus on celebrating key cultural heritage and identity moments with our employees, customers and stakeholders. We continue to create space for our employees to have meaningful discussions on topics and real-time incidents related to DE I. 
 
 2. Increasing our Diversity. We have DE I goals, which include increasing the overall number of BIPOC employees we employ. Our goals also include increasing female and BIPOC leadership, providing mentor programs for underrepresented groups and investing in female and BIPOC leadership. We launched our WINGEd program (Women Inspired to Network and Grow through Education) for our female managers and directors. The program focuses on growing skills around self-awareness, confidence, the value of risk, and career ownership, with approximately 5 of our global female manager population completing the program in 2022. 52 of our global leader population is female and, in the past year, female senior leadership increased to 42 overall. 
 
 3. Creating a more inclusive and equitable environment for all employees. We were rated a best place to work for LGBTQ employees for the third year in a row by the Human Rights Campaign. Over 10 of our Americas-based employees are members of one of our six ERGs, with groups that focus on parents, female employees, Black/African American employees, Hispanic and Latino employees and LGBTQ employees. We continue to leverage our survey capabilities to understand employee engagement by gender and race. 
 
 4. Driving accountability. We have taken steps to increase accountability by tying certain executive compensation to our DE I goals, building key DE I topics into our required leadership development programs and working to transparently share our DE I aspirations. 
 
 5. Leveraging our diversity to benefit external stakeholders. We continue to use our Company knowledge, achievement and influence to make a difference in our community. Additionally, we are actively engaged in multiple industry DE I focused counsels, including the Black in Fashion Counsel, the Diversity in Design Collaborative and the CEO Action for Diversity and Inclusion, the largest CEO-driven business commitment to advance diversity and inclusion in the workplace. 
 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 Engaging the Fossil Group Workforce 
 We work to ensure that people in our workplace are and remain engaged. Our objective is to create a high-performance culture where people have the skills and behaviors to help fuel company results and be at their personal best, every day. 
 Surveying our employees allows us to understand their perspective, what inspires them and how as an organization we can improve. Doing so helps to establish and sustain meaningful engagement. Consistent findings tell us that at the top of their list are the following: career growth and development, effective communication, recognition, a clear view of the Company s future, compelling compensation and benefits, and the ability and opportunity to connect to something bigger. With regard to business success, the views of our employees are aligned with business needs to establish a workplace culture including: 
 Comprehensive health and leading-edge wellness benefits; 
 Innovative two-way communication; 
 Value-creating employee development programs; 
 Performance management through Company-sponsored time to grow; 
 Meaningful recognition; and 
 Values-based culture and work environment. 
 Our employee benefits include tuition and professional certification reimbursement to full- and part-time employees. We also work to create a workplace where families are a priority through a number of programs, including a parental leave program, a partnership with Maven, which is a family planning all-in-one digital health platform that provides 24/7 support to employees and their partners as they pursue parenthood, a milk shipping program for working mothers to continue to breastfeed and reduce business-travel stress, a Healthy Babies Program that supports parents during their pregnancy; and an enhanced return to work policy that allows new parents to phase back into work. Additionally, our WeCare Employee Emergency Assistance Fund is also in place to provide charitable assistance to employees facing financial and personal hardship in connection with a qualifying disaster or unforeseen hardship. Because of our focus, we have received Cigna s Healthy Workplace award five times and have been designated a Best Place for Working Parents and as a Texas Mother-Friendly Worksite. 
 
 By offering extensive retail and corporate career development programs, employees are positioned for continued success, which is further supported through our performance process that effectively cascades goals throughout the organization to ensure our employees efforts are aligned with our strategic priorities. To increase leadership skills and engagement in our retail stores, we continued to invest in our Leadership DNA program, which focuses on communication, building relationships, working with diverse teams, providing coaching and feedback and channeling career ambitions. We launched a digital badging program to recognize employee accomplishments and to track verified skills. 
 
 To remain a competitive and equitable employer where people feel valued, we utilize a standardized compensation system to ensure equitable pay practices among employees. Our standardized process defines, documents, and benchmarks jobs to each local market and uses third party, industry leading salary surveys to determine the appropriate pay range for each job. To verify that our internal practices align to the communities and customers we serve and what we stand for as a company, we conducted a gender and race equal pay audit in 2021. The audit looked to find potential differences in compensation across indicators such as base pay, total cash compensation, variable pay, benefits, and other perquisites where those differences weren t the result of job-related factors. 
 
 Our continued focus on the employee has resulted in strong employee engagement and retention during a time when employees are leaving jobs at unprecedented rates. Our 12-month corporate employee turnover rate remains consistent with our five-year employee turnover rate. In our distribution centers, we ve improved our 12-month retention rate for the second year in a row, with the turnover rate decreasing overall. To maximize our approach, we trained our employees on Successfully Working in a Hybrid Environment and Leading in a Hybrid Environment. 
 
 The Future of the Fossil Group Workforce 
 As we look towards the future workplace, we used the past year to listen and understand how to create the best employee experience while driving our business forward. The outcome resulted in us evolving the way we get work done and moving toward a hybrid work model, offering our employees the opportunity to work at home and in our offices. We believe balancing 
 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 the need for greater flexibility with the importance of in-person interactions to fuel creative thinking, execution, and employee growth enables us to drive the business collectively. 
 As we continue to drive our Direct-to-Consumer strategy, we upped our investments in digital and made outstanding progress in building a global team, significantly enhancing our technology capabilities. In addition, we launched Digital U to upskill our employees in new digital behaviors. 
 Oversight 
 Our Board of Directors and related board committees are actively involved in areas associated with excellence in human resources management and related oversight of certain policies, practices and outcomes including compensation, DE I, employee development, engagement, and succession planning. We share our employee survey results with our Board of Directors to keep them apprised of related sentiment, interests and concerns. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee helps to oversee ESG matters. The Audit Committee regularly participates in discussions with our leadership team to ensure oversight of enterprise-level risks and mitigation plans on various topics including those associated with human capital risk. The Audit Committee also engages in regular review of the Company s monitoring and enforcement of our Code of Conduct and Ethics and compliance. The Compensation and Talent Management Committee reviews and approves matters associated with compensation, benefits and equity awards for qualifying employees. This work includes oversight of executive compensation and Company goals that are part of executives annual performance review. These same goals serve as the foundation for the Company s employee annual cash bonus plan. 
 We are proud of the progress we have made to provide an inspiring, engaging and rewarding work environment for our employees. We will never stop nurturing our culture in this quickly changing world. To exceed expectations and achieve our aspirations, we will listen, learn, collaborate, set meaningful goals, innovate, and be transparent in our progress, challenges, and opportunities that make us a destination for high-performing, highly engaged talent. 
 Corporate Social Responsibility 
 As a global fashion leader, we recognize the impact that our operations can have on the environment and the social well-being of others. We have developed a corporate social responsibility strategy, "Make Time for Good," to drive positive change within our organization and our world. Make Time for Good outlines our plan to achieve significant, measurable goals across a range of important environmental and social sustainability issues. 
 
 Make Time for Good is divided into three areas of focus: 
 
 Good for Planet focused on actions across our operations and supply chain, meant to significantly reduce our environmental impact, through our designing for the future and leaving a light footprint initiatives. 
 Good for Communities focused on making our world a better place to live through our empowering women and girls and enhancing communities initiatives. 
 Good for People focused on our employees and enhancing our workplace culture by driving diversity and inclusion and advancing equality initiatives. 
 We released our first Corporate Social Responsibility report in 2022 that shows our progress and long-term goals. You can find this report at https://www.fossilgroup.com/sustainability/. This report also served as our UN Global Compact (UNGC) Communication on Progress, affirming our support for the UNGC and its 10 Principles. 
 
 Available Information 
 Our website address is www.fossilgroup.com . The information on our website is not, and shall not be deemed to be, a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or incorporated into any other filings we make with the SEC. Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (the Exchange Act ), are available free of charge on our website as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file them with, or furnish them to, the SEC. In addition, the SEC maintains a website at www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers, including Fossil Group, that are electronically filed with the SEC. 
 General 
 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 We are a Delaware corporation formed in 1991 and are the successor to a Texas corporation formed in 1984. Our principal executive offices are located at 901 S. Central Expressway, Richardson, Texas 75080, and our telephone number at that address is (972) 234-2525. Our common stock is traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the trading symbol FOSL. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 In addition to the risks described elsewhere in this report, set forth below is a summary of the material risks related to an investment in our securities. These risks, some of which have occurred and/or are occurring and any of which could occur in the future, are not the only ones we face. Additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also have an adverse effect on us. If any of these risks actually occur, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition could be materially and adversely impacted, which might cause the value of our securities to decline. 
 
 COVID-19 Pandemic Risks 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has had, and may continue to have, a material adverse impact on our business, operations, liquidity, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has caused global uncertainty and disruption in the geographic regions in which we run our business and where our suppliers, third-party manufacturers, retail stores, wholesale customers and consumers are located, particularly in China. The total impact of the pandemic on us will depend on developments outside of our control, including, among other factors: 
 
 the extent of any resurgence or variants of COVID-19 or any other infectious diseases in areas where we operate or where many of our customers are located; 
 the manner in which our customers, suppliers and other third parties respond to COVID-19; 
 new information that may emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19, and the actions to contain or treat it, especially in areas where we operate; 
 general, local or national economic conditions; 
 local or national rules, regulations or policies which may restrict travel and operating hours or impose other operating restrictions; and 
 consumer confidence. 
 
 Accordingly, we cannot reasonably estimate the extent to which COVID-19 will further impact our business and financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Strategic Risks 
 
 Our success depends upon our ability to anticipate and respond to changing fashion, functionality and product trends. 
 
 Our success depends upon our ability to anticipate and respond to changing fashion, functionality and product trends and consumer preferences in a timely manner. The purchasing decisions of consumers are highly subjective and can be influenced by many factors, such as brand image, marketing programs, functionality, product and technology features and product design. Our success depends, in part, on our ability to anticipate, gauge and respond to these changing consumer preferences in a timely manner while preserving the authenticity and the quality of our brands. Although we attempt to stay abreast of emerging lifestyle and fashion trends and technology advances affecting accessories, any failure by us to identify and respond to such trends could adversely affect consumer acceptance of our existing brand names and product lines, which in turn could result in inventory valuation reserves and adversely affect sales of our products. If we misjudge the market for our products, we may be faced with a significant amount of unsold finished goods inventory, which could adversely affect our results of operations. In recent years, we have experienced decreasing net sales across certain of our product categories; in particular, net sales of watches have declined, reflecting the decline in the traditional watch market. If we are unable to adjust our product offerings and reverse the decrease in net sales, our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 
 Our success depends upon our ability to continue to develop innovative products. 
 
 Our success depends upon our ability to continue to develop innovative products in the respective markets in which we compete. The process of developing new products is complex and uncertain, and involves time, substantial costs and risks, which are further magnified when the development process involves integrating new technology or operating systems. Our inability or the inability of our partners, for technological or other reasons, some of which may be beyond our or our partners' control, to enhance, develop, manufacture, distribute and monetize products in a timely manner, or at all, in response to 
 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 changing consumer preferences could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition or could result in our products not achieving market acceptance or becoming obsolete. If we are unable to successfully introduce new products, or if our competitors introduce new or superior products, customers may purchase increasing amounts of products from our competitors, which could adversely affect our sales and results of operations. 
 
 If we are unable to effectively execute our e-commerce business strategy and provide a reliable digital experience for our customers, our reputation and operating results may be harmed. 
 
 E-commerce has increasingly comprised a larger portion of our net revenues and was particularly impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic, which drove an acceleration in the shift to online shopping. The success of our e-commerce business depends, in part, on third parties and factors over which we have limited control, including changing consumer preferences, both domestically and abroad, and promotional or other advertising initiatives employed by our wholesale customers or other third parties on their e-commerce sites. Any failure on our part, or on the part of our third-party digital partners, to provide attractive, reliable, secure and user-friendly e-commerce platforms could negatively impact our consumers shopping experience, resulting in reduced website traffic, diminished loyalty to our brands and lost sales. 
 
 The success of our business also depends on our ability to continue to develop and maintain a reliable digital experience for our customers. We strive to give our customers a seamless omni-channel experience both in stores and online across devices. Potential friction points in the consumer experience could negatively impact our ability to compete with other brands, which could adversely impact our business. 
 In addition, we must keep up to date with competitive technology trends, including the use of new applications, enhancements and releases, and digital marketing tools. Failure to innovate and keep abreast of technology and improving the consumer experience could adversely affect digital sales and damage our brand and reputation. 
 
 Additionally, the success of our e-commerce business and the satisfaction of our consumers depend on their timely receipt of our products. The efficient flow of our products requires that our distribution facilities have adequate capacity to support the current level of e-commerce operations and any anticipated increased levels that may follow from the growth of our e-commerce business. If we encounter difficulties with our distribution facilities, or if any such facilities were to shut down or be limited in capacity for any reason, including as a result of fire, other natural disaster, labor disruption, or pandemic (including as a consequence of public health directives, quarantine policies or social distancing measures resulting from a pandemic), we could face shortages of inventory, and we could experience disruption or delay, or incur significantly higher costs and longer lead times for distributing our products to our consumers which could result in customer dissatisfaction. Any of these issues could have an adverse effect on our business and harm our reputation. 
 
 Our restructuring program may not be successful or we may not fully realize the expected cost savings and/or operating efficiencies from our restructuring plans. 
 
 We announced in February 2023 that we have implemented a restructuring plan entitled Transform and Grow TAG Plan designed to reduce operating costs, improve operating margins, and advance our commitment to profitable growth. The TAG Plan is expected to be implemented over a two year period and is intended to generate estimated annualized benefits of at least 100 million by the end of 2024. Restructuring plans present significant potential risks that may impair our ability to achieve anticipated operating enhancements and/or cost reductions, or otherwise harm our business, including higher than anticipated costs in implementing the TAG Plan, management distraction and employee attrition in excess of headcount reductions. If this program is not successful, then our results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. 
 
 We regularly develop new products, features and technology, and new products introduced by us may not achieve consumer acceptance comparable to that of our existing product lines. 
 
 We regularly update our product offerings, particularly in the wearable technology space. As is typical with new products, market acceptance of new designs, features, technology and products is subject to uncertainty. In addition, we generally make decisions regarding product designs and technology development several months in advance of the time when consumer acceptance can be measured. If trends shift away from our products, if our wearable technology becomes outdated, if we are not able to develop and introduce new products that incorporate new technologies or if we misjudge the market for our product lines, including demand for older generation technology products, we may be faced with significant amounts of unsold inventory or other conditions which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

16 

Table of Contents 

 The failure of new product designs, technology or next generation wearable products or new product lines to gain market acceptance could also adversely affect our business and the image of our brands. Achieving market acceptance for new products or technology may also require substantial marketing efforts and expenditures to generate consumer demand. These requirements could strain our management, financial and operational resources. If we do not continue to develop innovative products that provide better design, technology and performance attributes than the products of our competitors and that are accepted by consumers, or if our future product lines misjudge consumer demands, we may lose consumer loyalty, which could result in a decline in our sales and market share. 
 
 Our ability to grow our sales is dependent upon the implementation of our business strategy, which we may not be able to achieve. 
 
 Our ability to grow our sales is dependent on the successful implementation of our business strategy. This includes diversification and innovation of our product offerings, driving our core brands and improving our omni-channel and digital capabilities. If we are not successful in the expansion or development of our product offerings, our new products are not profitable or do not generate sales comparable to those of our existing businesses, we are unable to achieve our digital transformation goals or our restructuring and savings initiative does not achieve our desired results, our results of operations could be negatively impacted. 
 
 We also operate FOSSIL brand stores and other watch stores globally to further strengthen our brand image. As of December 31, 2022, we operated 342 stores worldwide. The costs associated with leasehold improvements to current stores and the costs associated with opening new stores and closing low performing stores, particularly those stores that have seen a significant reduction in traffic, could materially increase our costs of operation and result in impairment charges. 
 
 Increased scrutiny from investors and others regarding our corporate social responsibility initiatives, including environmental, social and other matters of significance relating to sustainability, could result in additional costs or risks and adversely impact our reputation. 
 
 Investor advocacy groups, large and influential institutional investors, investment funds, other market participants, shareholders and customers have increasingly focused on the environmental, social and governance ("ESG") or sustainability practices of companies. These parties have placed increased importance on the implications of the social cost of their investments. If our ESG practices do not meet investor or other industry stakeholder expectations and standards, which continue to evolve, our brand, reputation and customer and employee retention may be negatively impacted. Any sustainability report that we publish or other sustainability disclosure we make may include our policies, practices, metrics or targets on a variety of social and ethical matters, including corporate governance, environmental compliance, employee health and safety practices, human capital management, product quality, supply chain management, and workforce inclusion and diversity. It is possible that stakeholders may not be satisfied with our ESG practices or the speed of adoption. We could also incur additional costs and require additional resources to monitor, report and comply with various ESG practices. Also, our failure, or perceived failure, to meet the standards included in any sustainability disclosure could negatively impact our reputation, employee retention and the willingness of our customers and suppliers to do business with us. 
 
 The risks associated with climate change and other environmental impacts and increased focus by stakeholders on corporate responsibility issues, including those associated with climate change, could negatively affect our business and operations. 
 
 Our business is susceptible to risks associated with climate change, including through disruption to our supply chain, potentially impacting the production and distribution of our products and availability and cost of raw materials. Increased frequency and intensity of weather events due to climate change could increase the risk of a significant disruption to our operations, including at our global offices and warehouses and transportation and manufacturing partners. There is also increased focus from our stakeholders, including large institutional investors, consumers and employees, on corporate responsibility matters. While we are addressing climate-related issues impacting our business, there can be no assurance that our stakeholders will agree with our strategy or that we will be successful in achieving our goals. In addition, concern over climate change may result in new or additional legal, legislative and regulatory requirements to reduce or mitigate the effects of climate change on the environment. Failure to implement our strategy or achieve our goals could damage our reputation, causing our investors, consumers or employees to lose confidence in our Company and brands, and negatively impact our operations. 
 
 Operational Risks 
 
 We face risks associated with increased political uncertainty. 
 
 17 

Table of Contents 

The invasion of Ukraine by Russia and the sanctions, bans and other measures taken by governments, organizations and companies against Russia and certain Russian citizens in response thereto has increased the political uncertainty in Europe and has strained the relations between Russia and a significant number of governments, including the U.S. The duration and outcome of this conflict, any retaliatory actions taken by Russia and the continuing or any future impact on regional or global economies is unknown, but could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of our operations. 
 
 Potential changes in relationships among the U.S. and China and other countries could have significant impacts on global trade and regional economic conditions, among other things. In addition, changes in the relationships between the U.S. and its neighbors, such as Mexico, could have significant, potentially negative, impacts on commerce. Further, anti-American sentiment could harm the reputation and success of U.S. companies doing business abroad. 
 
 Our business is dependent upon its international operations, particularly in Asia and Europe. During fiscal years 2022, 2021 and 2020, we generated 63.1 , 63.5 and 66.1 , respectively, of our net sales outside the U.S. In addition, we source the vast majority of our products from outside the U.S. 
 
 Our ability to respond to these developments or comply with any resulting new legal or regulatory requirements, including those involving economic and trade sanctions, could reduce our sales, increase our costs of doing business, reduce our financial flexibility and otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of our operations. 
 
 Our supply chain may be disrupted by changes in U.S. trade policy with China or as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 
 We rely on domestic and foreign suppliers to provide us with merchandise in a timely manner and at favorable prices. Among our foreign suppliers, China is the source of a substantial majority of our imports. 
 
 We recently experienced increased international transit times and increased shipping costs for a majority of our products, primarily as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. While we have recently seen improvements in transit times and shipping costs, any future disruption in the flow of our imported merchandise from China or a material increase in the cost of those goods or transportation without any offsetting price increases may significantly decrease our profits. 
 
 New U.S. tariffs or other actions against China and any responses by China, could impair our ability to meet customer demand and could result in lost sales or an increase in our cost of merchandise. This would have a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations. 
 
 The loss of any of our license agreements for globally recognized fashion brand names may result in the loss of significant revenues and may adversely affect our business. 
 
 We have entered into multi-year, worldwide exclusive license agreements for the manufacture, distribution and sale of products bearing the brand names of certain globally recognized fashion brands. We sell products under certain licensed brands, including, but not limited to, ARMANI EXCHANGE, DIESEL, DKNY, EMPORIO ARMANI, KATE SPADE NEW YORK, MICHAEL KORS, and TORY BURCH. Sales of our licensed products accounted for 46.5 of our consolidated net sales for fiscal year 2022, including MICHAEL KORS product sales, which accounted for 19.2 of our consolidated net sales, and ARMANI product sales, which accounted for 14.6 of our consolidated net sales. 
 
 Our significant third-party fashion brand license agreements have various expiration dates between the years 2023 and 2027. In addition, many of these license agreements require us to make minimum royalty payments, spend minimum amounts on marketing, subject us to restrictive covenants or require us to comply with certain other obligations and may be terminated by the licensor if these or other conditions are not met or upon certain events. For example, our license agreement with MICHAEL KORS provides the licensor with a right to terminate some or all of the licensing rights if we fail to meet certain net sales thresholds for two consecutive years. For fiscal year 2022, we met net sales thresholds for MICHAEL KORS. We did not meet certain minimum contractual requirements in our DKNY license agreement, which subjects the respective licensing rights under this agreement to be terminated. If we are unable to achieve the minimum net sales thresholds, minimum marketing spend, restrictive covenants and/or other obligations of a license, we would need to seek a waiver of the non-compliance from the applicable licensor or amend the agreement to modify the thresholds, covenants or obligations or face the possibility that the licensor could terminate the license agreement before its expiration date. Though waivers may be obtained for non-compliance, we, or the licensor, may instead elect to modify or terminate the license agreement. 
 
 18 

Table of Contents 

In addition, we may be unable to renew our existing license agreements beyond the current term or obtain new license agreements to replace any lost license agreements on similar economic terms or at all. The failure by us to maintain or renew one or more of our existing license agreements could result in a significant decrease in our sales and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 
 The loss of our license for Google s WEAR OS operating system may result in the loss of significant revenues and may adversely affect our business. 
 
 Our full display smartwatches use Google s WEAR OS operating system. We have a license for WEAR OS that expires on August 30, 2024. Sales of our full display smartwatches running the WEAR OS operating system accounted for 7.5 of our consolidated net sales for fiscal year 2022. We may be unable to renew our existing license for WEAR OS beyond the current term. The failure by us to maintain or renew our license for WEAR OS or develop or license a new operating system could result in us being unable to produce and market full display smartwatches, which could result in a significant decrease in our sales and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 
 Our inability to effectively manage our retail store operations could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 
 During fiscal year 2022, our global comparable retail store sales increased 22.6 . During fiscal year 2023, we anticipate closing approximately fifty-five stores globally, depending on lease negotiations, and opening a limited number of additional retail stores. The success of our retail business depends, in part, on our ability to close low performing stores and renew our existing store leases on terms that meet our financial targets. Our ability to open new stores on schedule or at all, to close low performing stores and to renew existing store leases on favorable terms or to operate them on a profitable basis will depend on various factors, including our ability to: 
 
 identify suitable markets for new stores and available store locations; 
 negotiate acceptable lease terms for new locations or renewal terms for existing locations, particularly for those existing locations that have experienced a significant reduction in traffic; 
 hire and train qualified sales associates; 
 develop new merchandise and manage inventory effectively to meet the needs of new and existing stores on a timely basis; and 
 maintain favorable relationships with major developers and other landlords. 
 
 Our plans to manage our store base may not be successful and the opening of new stores in the future may not result in an increase in our net sales even though they increase our costs. Our inability to effectively manage our retail store base could have a material adverse effect on the amount of net sales we generate and on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Certain key components in our products come from limited sources of supply, which exposes us to potential supply shortages that could disrupt the manufacture and sale of our products. 
 
 We and our contract manufacturers currently purchase a number of key components used to manufacture our products from limited sources of supply for which alternative sources may not be readily available. Any interruption or delay in the supply of any of these components could significantly harm our ability to meet scheduled product deliveries to our customers and cause us to lose sales. Interruptions or delays in supply may be caused by a number of factors that are outside of our and our contract manufacturers' control. In addition, the purchase of these components on a limited source basis subjects us to risks of price increases and potential quality assurance problems. An increase in the cost of components could make our products less competitive and result in lower gross margins. In the event that we can no longer obtain materials from these limited sources of supply, we might not be able to qualify or identify alternative suppliers in a timely fashion. Any extended interruption in the supply of any of the key components currently obtained from a limited source or delay in transitioning to a replacement supplier could disrupt our operations and significantly harm our business in any given period. If our supply of certain components is disrupted, our lead times are extended or the cost of our components increases, our business, operating results and financial condition could be materially affected. 
 
 Seasonality of our business may adversely affect our net sales and operating income. 

19 

Table of Contents 

 Our quarterly results of operations have fluctuated in the past and may continue to fluctuate as a result of a number of factors, including seasonal cycles, timing of new product introductions, timing of orders by our customers and mix of product sales demand. Our business is seasonal by nature. A significant portion of our net sales and operating income are generated during the third and fourth quarters of our fiscal year, which includes the "back to school" and holiday seasons. The amount of net sales and operating income generated during our fiscal fourth quarter depends upon the anticipated level of retail sales during the holiday season, as well as general economic conditions and other factors beyond our control. In addition, the amount of net sales and operating income generated during our fiscal first quarter depends in part upon the actual level of retail sales during the previous holiday season. The seasonality of our business may adversely affect our net sales and operating income during the first and fourth quarters of our fiscal year. 
 
 The amount of traffic to our retail stores depends heavily on the success of the shopping malls and retail centers in which our stores are located. 
 
 There continues to be a decrease in traffic in many of the shopping malls and retail centers in which our stores are located, which was accelerated by the impact of COVID-19, and has resulted in a decrease in traffic to our stores. The resulting decrease in customers for our retail stores has had an adverse effect on our results of operations. Additionally, several national department store anchors have closed or will be closing a number of their locations in shopping malls, which is likely to further decrease traffic and put increasing financial strain on the operators of those shopping mall locations. The loss of an anchor or other significant tenant in a shopping mall in which we have a store, continued declines in traffic to shopping malls or the closure of a significant number of shopping malls in which we have stores, may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 
 We have key facilities in the U.S. and overseas, the loss or shut down of any of which could harm our business. 
 
 Our administrative, information technology and distribution operations in the U.S. are conducted primarily from two separate facilities located in the Dallas, Texas area. Our operations internationally are conducted from various administrative, distribution and assembly facilities outside of the U.S., particularly in China, Germany, Hong Kong, India, Switzerland and Vietnam. The complete or temporary loss of use of all or part of these facilities could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 Our warehouse and distribution facilities in the Dallas, Texas area are operated in a special purpose sub-zone established by the U.S. Department of Commerce Foreign Trade Zone Board. Although the sub-zone allows us certain tax advantages, the sub-zone is highly regulated by the U.S. Customs Service. This level of regulation may cause disruptions or delays in the distribution of our products out of these facilities. Under some circumstances, the U.S. Customs Service has the right to shut down the entire sub-zone and, therefore, our entire warehouse and distribution facilities. During the time that the sub-zone is shut down, we may be unable to adequately meet the supply requests of our customers and our Company-owned retail stores, which could have an adverse effect on our sales, relationships with our customers, and results of operations, especially if the shutdown were to occur during our third or fourth quarter. 
 
 Fluctuations in the price, availability and quality of raw materials could cause delays and increase costs. 
 
 Fluctuations in the price, availability and quality of the raw materials used in our products could have a material adverse effect on our cost of sales or ability to meet our customers' demand. The price and availability of such raw materials may fluctuate significantly, depending on many factors, including natural resources, increased freight costs, increased labor costs, especially in China, increased component costs and weather conditions. Recent inflation rates in the U.S. and certain international markets have reached historical highs. While we have recently increased the prices of a number of our products as a result and may implement other price increases in the future, we may not be able to pass on all, or a significant portion of, such higher raw materials prices to our customers or such price increases may not be accepted by our customers, which could impact our margins or result in lost revenues. 

20 

Table of Contents 

 We rely on third-party assembly factories and manufacturers; and problems with, or loss of, our assembly factories or manufacturing sources could harm our business and results of operations. 
 
 The majority of our watch and jewelry products are currently assembled or manufactured to our specifications by independent entities in China. All of our handbags, small leather goods, belts and soft accessories are produced by independent manufacturers. We have no long-term contracts with these independent assembly factories or manufacturers and compete with other companies for production facilities. All transactions between us and our independent assembly factories or manufacturers are conducted on the basis of purchase orders. We face the risk that these independent assembly factories or manufacturers may not produce and deliver our products on a timely basis, or at all. As a result, we cannot be certain that these assembly factories or manufacturers will continue to assemble or manufacture products for us or that we will not experience operational difficulties with our manufacturers, such as reductions in the availability of production capacity, errors in complying with product specifications, insufficient quality control, shortages of raw materials, failures to meet production deadlines, increases in manufacturing costs or pandemic - related delays. Our future success will depend upon our ability to maintain close relationships with our current assembly factories and manufacturers and to develop long-term relationships with other manufacturers that satisfy our requirements for price, quality and production flexibility. Our ability to establish new manufacturing relationships involves numerous uncertainties, including those relating to payment terms, costs of manufacturing, adequacy of manufacturing capacity, quality control and timeliness of delivery. Any failure by us to maintain long-term relationships with our current assembly factories and manufacturers or to develop relationships with other manufacturers could have a material adverse effect on our ability to manufacture and distribute our products. 
 
 We do not maintain long-term contracts with our customers and are unable to control their purchasing decisions. 
 
 We do not maintain long-term purchasing contracts with our customers and therefore have no contractual leverage over their purchasing decisions. A decision by a major department store or other significant customer to decrease the amount of merchandise purchased from us or to cease carrying our products could have a material adverse effect on our net sales and operating strategy. 
 
 We face intense competition in the specialty retail and e-commerce industries and the size and resources of some of our competitors are substantially greater than ours, which may allow them to compete more effectively. 
 
 We face intense competition in the specialty retail and e-commerce industry where we compete primarily with specialty retailers, department stores and e-commerce businesses that engage in the retail sale of watches and accessories. We believe that the principal basis upon which we compete is the quality and design of merchandise and the quality of customer service. We also believe that price is an important factor in our customers' decision-making processes. Many of our competitors are, and many of our potential competitors may be, larger and have greater financial, marketing and other resources than we have and therefore may be able to adapt to changes in customer requirements more quickly, devote greater resources to the marketing and sale of their products and generate greater national brand recognition than we can, especially in the developing area of omni-channel retailing. Omni-channel retailing may include retail stores, e-commerce sites, mobile channels and other direct-to-consumer points of contact that enhance the consumer s ability to interact with a retailer in the research, purchase, returning and serving of products. The intense competition and greater size and resources of some of our competitors could have a material adverse effect on the amount of net sales we generate and on our results of operations. 
 
 We face competition from traditional accessory competitors as well as competitors in the wearable technology category. 
 
 There is intense competition in each of the businesses in which we compete. In all of our businesses, we compete with numerous manufacturers, importers and distributors who may have significantly greater financial, distribution, advertising and marketing resources than us. Our competitors include distributors that import watches and accessories from abroad, U.S. companies that have established foreign manufacturing relationships and companies that produce accessories domestically. In addition, we face continuing competition from technology companies in the smartwatch category, such as Apple. Many of these technology competitors have significantly greater financial, distribution, advertising and marketing resources than us. In addition, the impact of wearable technology products on sales of our traditional product lines may be materially adverse. Our results of operations and market position may be adversely affected by our competitors and their competitive pressures in the watch, wearable technology and fashion accessory industries. 
 
 Any material disruption of our information systems could disrupt our business and reduce our sales. 

21 

Table of Contents 

 We are increasingly dependent on information systems to operate our websites, process transactions, manage inventory, monitor sales and purchase, sell and ship goods on a timely basis. We utilize SAP ERP in our U.S. operations and throughout most of our European operations to support our human resources, sales and distribution, inventory planning, retail merchandising and operational and financial reporting systems of our business, and Navision in our Asian operations to support many of the same functions on a local country level. We also use tools provided by salesforce.com, inc. in our CRM initiatives. In fiscal year 2023, we also plan to implement a new global point of sale system beginning with our European retail stores. We may experience operational problems with our information systems as a result of system failures, viruses, ransomware, computer "hackers" or other causes. These risks may be heightened as a result of our workforce that works remotely. Any material disruption or slowdown of our systems could cause information, including data related to customer orders, to be lost, unavailable or delayed, which could result in delays in the delivery of merchandise to our stores and customers or lost sales, which could reduce demand for our merchandise and cause our sales to decline. Moreover, the failure to maintain, or a disruption in, financial and management control systems could have a material adverse effect on our ability to respond to trends in our target markets, market our products and meet our customers' requirements. 
 
 In addition, we have e-commerce and other websites in the U.S. and internationally. In addition to changing consumer preferences and buying trends relating to Internet usage, we are vulnerable to certain additional risks and uncertainties associated with the Internet, including changes in required technology interfaces, website downtime and other technical failures, security breaches, and consumer privacy concerns. Our failure to successfully respond to these risks and uncertainties could reduce e-commerce sales, increase costs and damage the reputation of our brands. 
 
 Factors affecting international commerce and our international operations may seriously harm our financial condition. 
 
 During fiscal year 2022, we generated 63.1 of our net sales from outside of the U.S. Our international operations are directly related to, and dependent on, the volume of international trade and foreign market conditions. International commerce and our international operations are subject to many risks, some of which are discussed in more detail below, including: 
 
 recessions in foreign economies; 
 the adoption and expansion of trade restrictions or the occurrence of trade wars; 
 limitations on repatriation of earnings; 
 difficulties in protecting our intellectual property or enforcing our intellectual property rights under the laws of other countries; 
 longer receivables collection periods and greater difficulty in collecting accounts receivable; 
 difficulties in managing foreign operations; 
 social, political and economic instability; 
 restrictions on travel to and from international locations; 
 political tensions between the U.S. and foreign countries; 
 compliance with, changes in or adoption of current, new or expanded regulatory requirements, particularly in the areas of wearable technology and data privacy; 
 our ability to finance foreign operations; 
 tariffs and other trade barriers; 
 U.S. government licensing requirements for exports; and 
 the continuing impact of COVID-19 
 
 The occurrence or consequences of any of these risks may restrict our ability to operate in the affected regions and decrease the profitability of our international operations, which may seriously harm our financial condition. 
 
 Because we depend on foreign manufacturing, we are vulnerable to changes in economic and social conditions in Asia, particularly China, and disruptions in international travel and shipping. 
 
 Because a substantial portion of our watches and jewelry and certain of our handbags, sunglasses and other products are assembled or manufactured in China, our success will depend to a significant extent upon future economic and social conditions existing in China. If these factories in China are disrupted for any reason, we would need to arrange for the manufacture and shipment of products by alternative sources. While we do have initiatives in place to diversify certain of our manufacturing outside of China, because the establishment of new manufacturing relationships involves numerous uncertainties, including 
 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 those relating to payment terms, costs of manufacturing, adequacy of manufacturing capacity, quality control and timeliness of delivery, we are unable to predict whether such new relationships would be on terms that we regard as satisfactory. Any significant disruption in our relationships with our manufacturing sources located in China would have a material adverse effect on our ability to manufacture and distribute our products. In addition, restrictions on travel to and from this and other regions, such as the travel restrictions that have occurred with COVID-19, and any delays or cancellations of customer orders or the manufacture or shipment of our products, including on account of the COVID-19 pandemic or other health crises, could have a material adverse effect on our ability to meet customer deadlines and timely distribute our products in order to match consumer expectations. 
 
 The loss of key senior management personnel or our failure to attract and retain qualified personnel could negatively affect our business. 
 
 We depend on our senior management and other key personnel, particularly Kosta N. Kartsotis, our Chief Executive Officer ("CEO") and Chairman. We do not have "key person" life insurance policies for any of our personnel. Competition for qualified personnel in the fashion industry is intense. Our ability to attract and retain employees, especially in the competitive market for employees with digital experience, is influenced by our ability to offer competitive compensation and benefits, employee morale, our reputation, recruitment by othe r employers, perceived internal opportunities, non-competition and non-solicitation agreements and macro unemployment rates. Th e loss of any of our executive officers or other key employees could harm our business. 
 
 We must also attract, develop, motivate and retain a sufficient number of qualified retail and distribution center personnel. Historically, competition for talent has been intense and the turnover rate in the retail industry is generally high, which has recently further been exacerbated by the Great Resignation and a significant number of people leaving the workforce. There can be no assurance that we will be able to attract or retain a sufficient number of qualified employees in future periods to execute on our business objectives. Additionally, our ability to meet our labor needs while also controlling costs is subject to external factors such as unemployment levels, prevailing wage rates, minimum wage legislation and overtime regulations. If we are unable to attract, develop, motivate and retain talented employees with the necessary skills and experience, or if changes to our organizational structure, operating results, or business model adversely affect morale, hiring and/or retention, we may not achieve our objectives and our results of operations could be adversely impacted. 

Risks Related to our Indebtedness 
 
 Our debt agreements subject us to certain covenants, which may restrict our ability to operate our business and to pursue our business strategies. Our failure to comply with the covenants contained in our debt agreements or any agreement under which we have incurred other indebtedness, including as a result of events beyond our control, could result in an event of default which could materially and adversely affect our operating results and our financial condition. 
 
 On September 26, 2019, the Company and Fossil Partners L.P., as the U.S. borrowers, and Fossil Group Europe GmbH, Fossil Asia Pacific Limited, Fossil (Europe) GmbH, Fossil (UK) Limited and Fossil Canada Inc., as the non-U.S. borrowers, certain other subsidiaries of the Company from time to time party thereto designated as borrowers, and certain subsidiaries of the Company from time to time party thereto as guarantors, entered into a 275.0 million, subsequently reduced to 225 million, secured asset-based revolving credit agreement (the Revolving Facility with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. as administrative agent, J.P. Morgan AG, as French collateral agent, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Citizens Bank, N.A. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association as joint bookrunners and joint lead arrangers, and Citizens Bank, N.A. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as co-syndication agents and each of the lenders from time to time party thereto. On November 8, 2022, the Company entered into Amendment No. 4 (the Amendment to the Revolving Facility. The Amendment, among other things, (i) extends the maturity date of the credit facility to November 8, 2027 (provided, that if the Company has any indebtedness in an amount in excess of 35 million that matures prior to November 8, 2027, the maturity date of the credit facility shall be the 91st day prior to the maturity date of such other indebtedness) and (ii) changes the calculation methodology of the borrowing base to include the value of certain of the Company s intellectual property in such methodology and to provide for seasonal increases to certain advance rates. 
 
 The Revolving Facility imposes, and future financing agreements are likely to impose, affirmative and negative covenants that restrict our activities. These restrictions limit or prohibit our ability to, among other things: 
 
 incur additional indebtedness or issue certain types of stock; 
 pay dividends or make other distributions, repurchase or redeem our stock; 
 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 make certain investments; 
 prepay, redeem, or repurchase certain debt; 
 sell assets and issue capital stock of our restricted subsidiaries; 
 incur liens; 
 enter into agreements restricting our restricted subsidiaries ability to pay dividends, make loans to other related entities or restrict the ability to incur liens; 
 enter into transactions with affiliates; and 
 consolidate or merge. 
 
 These restrictions on our ability to operate our business, along with restrictions that may be contained in agreements evidencing or governing future indebtedness, could seriously harm our business and our ability to grow in accordance with our growth strategy by, among other things, limiting our ability to take advantage of merger and acquisition and other corporate opportunities. In addition, the limitations imposed by financing agreements on our ability to incur additional debt might significantly impair our ability to obtain other financing. 
 
 As a result of these restrictions, we may be: 
 
 limited in how we conduct our business; 
 unable to raise additional debt or equity financing to operate during general economic or business downturns; or 
 unable to compete effectively or to take advantage of new business opportunities. 
 
 The Revolving Facility also requires us to maintain specified financial ratios and satisfy other financial condition tests in certain circumstances. The Revolving Facility contains a fixed charge coverage ratio covenant if our Availability (as defined in the Revolving Facility) falls below a certain threshold. See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations under the heading Sources of Liquidity for an additional discussion of the financial covenants contained in the Revolving Facility. 
 
 Various risks, uncertainties and events beyond our control could affect our ability to comply with these covenants and maintain these financial tests. Failure to comply with any of the covenants in our existing or future financing agreements could result in a default under those agreements and under other agreements containing cross-default provisions. A default would permit lenders to accelerate the maturity of the debt under these agreements. Under these circumstances, we might not have sufficient funds or other resources to satisfy all of our obligations. We cannot know for certain that we will be granted waivers or amendments to these agreements if for any reason we are unable to comply with these agreements or that we will be able to refinance our debt on terms acceptable to us, or at all. In addition, an event of default under the Revolving Facility would permit the lenders to terminate all commitments to extend further credit under the Revolving Facility. Furthermore, the Revolving Facility is secured by liens on our assets. If we were unable to repay the amounts due and payable under our Revolving Facility, the applicable lenders could proceed against the collateral granted to them to secure that indebtedness. 
 
 The Revolving Facility provides the lenders considerable discretion to impose reserves or availability blocks or to determine that certain assets are not eligible for inclusion in our borrowing base, which could materially impair the amount of borrowings that would otherwise be available to us. There can be no assurance that the lenders under the Revolving Facility will not take such actions during the term of that facility and, further, were they to do so, the resulting impact of such actions could materially and adversely impair our ability to meet our other obligations as they become due, among other matters. 
 
 The amount of borrowings permitted under our Revolving Facility may fluctuate significantly, which may adversely affect our liquidity, results of operations and financial position. 
 
 The amount of borrowings permitted at any time under our Revolving Facility is limited to a periodic borrowing base valuation of, among other things, our eligible accounts receivable and inventory. As a result, our access to credit under our Revolving Facility is potentially subject to significant fluctuations depending on the value of the borrowing base eligible assets as of any measurement date, as well as certain discretionary rights of the administrative agent of our Revolving Facility in respect of the calculation of such borrowing base value. Our inability to borrow at current advance rates or at all under, or the early termination of, our Revolving Facility may adversely affect our liquidity, results of operations and financial position. 
 
 Our indebtedness could adversely affect our financial condition and prevent us from fulfilling our obligations. 
 
 24 

Table of Contents 

The Revolving Facility provides that the lenders thereunder may extend revolving loans in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed 225.0 million at any time outstanding, subject to the borrowing base availability limitations. As of December 31, 2022, we had 73.0 million outstanding under the Revolving Facility. The covenants under the Revolving Facility allow us to incur additional indebtedness from other sources in certain circumstances. On November 8, 2021, we sold 150,000,000 aggregate principal amount of our 7.00 Senior Notes due 2026 (the Senior Notes ). The Senior Notes are general unsecured obligations of the Company and rank equally in right of payment with all of our existing and future senior unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness, and rank senior in right of payment to any future subordinated indebtedness. The Senior Notes are effectively subordinated to all of our existing and future secured indebtedness, to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness, and the Senior Notes are structurally subordinated to all existing and future indebtedness and other liabilities (including trade payables) of our subsidiaries (excluding any amounts owed by such subsidiaries to us). 
 
 The base and first supplemental indentures governing the Senior Notes (collectively, the Indenture contain customary events of default and cure provisions. If an event of default (other than an event of default of the type described in the following sentence) occurs and is continuing with respect to the Senior Notes, the trustee may, and at the direction of the registered holders of at least 25 in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of the Senior Notes shall, declare the principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest, premium and additional amounts, if any, on the Senior Notes to be due and payable immediately. If an event of default relating to certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization of the Company occurs, the principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest, and premium, if any, on the Senior Notes will become immediately due and payable without any action on the part of the trustee or any holder of the Senior Notes. 
 
 A portion of our cash flow will be required to pay interest and principal on our outstanding indebtedness, and we may be unable to generate sufficient cash flow from operations, or have future borrowings available under our Revolving Facility, to enable us to repay our indebtedness or to fund other liquidity needs. This level of indebtedness could have important consequences, including the following: 
 
 it requires us to use a meaningful percentage of our cash flow from operations for debt service and the repayment of our indebtedness, including indebtedness we may incur in the future, and such cash flow may not be available for other purposes; 
 it limits our ability to borrow money or sell stock to fund our working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and debt service requirements; 
 it may limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and future business opportunities; 
 we are more highly leveraged than some of our competitors, which may place us at a competitive disadvantage; 
 it may make us more vulnerable to a downturn in our business or the economy; 
 it may increase our cost of borrowing; 
 debt service requirements could make it more difficult for us to make payments on our other indebtedness; and 
 there would be a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition if we were unable to service our indebtedness or obtain additional financing as needed. 
 We may not be able to generate sufficient cash flows to meet our debt service obligations and may be forced to take other actions to satisfy our obligations under our indebtedness, which may not be successful. 
 
 Our ability to make payments on and to refinance our indebtedness and to fund planned capital expenditures and other investments in our business will depend on our ability to generate cash from our operations in the future. This, to a certain extent, is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other factors that are beyond our control. 
 
 Our business may not generate sufficient cash flow from operations and future sources of capital under the Revolving Facility or otherwise may not be available to us in an amount sufficient to enable us to pay our indebtedness or to fund our other liquidity needs. If we complete an acquisition, our debt service requirements could increase. We may need to refinance or restructure all or a portion of our indebtedness on or before maturity. We may not be able to refinance any of our indebtedness, including the Revolving Facility, on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. If we cannot service our indebtedness, we may have to take actions such as selling assets, seeking additional equity, reducing or delaying capital expenditures, strategic acquisitions, investments and alliances or restructuring or refinancing our indebtedness. We may not be able to effect such actions, if necessary, on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. 
 
 25 

Table of Contents 

Any refinancing of our debt could be at higher interest rates and may require us to comply with more onerous covenants. These alternative measures may not be successful and may not permit us to meet our scheduled debt service obligations. The Revolving Facility restricts our ability to conduct asset sales and to use the proceeds from asset sales. We may not be able to consummate these asset sales to raise capital or sell assets at prices and on terms that we believe are fair, and any proceeds that we do receive may not be adequate to meet any debt service obligations then due. If we cannot meet our debt service obligations, the holders of our debt may accelerate our debt and, to the extent such debt is secured, foreclose on our assets. In such an event, we may not have sufficient assets to repay all of our debt. 
 
 We may still be able to incur significantly more debt, including secured debt. This could intensify already-existing risks related to our indebtedness. 
 
 The terms of the Revolving Facility contain restrictions on our ability to incur additional indebtedness. However, these restrictions are subject to a number of important qualifications and exceptions, and the indebtedness incurred in compliance with these restrictions could be substantial. Accordingly, we could incur significant additional indebtedness in the future, much of which could constitute secured, senior, or pari passu indebtedness. As of December 31, 2022, our Revolving Facility provided for unused borrowing capacity of up to 141.2 million. If new debt is added to our current debt levels, the related risks that we now face could intensify. 
 
 Financial Risks 
 
 Changes in the mix of product sales demand could negatively impact our gross profit margins. 
 
 Our gross profit margins are impacted by our sales mix as follows: 
 
 Sales channel mix: sales from our direct retail and e-commerce channels typically provide gross margins in excess of our historical consolidated gross profit margins, while sales from our distributor, mass market and off-price channels typically provide gross margins below our historical consolidated gross profit margins. 
 
 Product mix: traditional watch and jewelry sales typically provide gross margins in excess of historical consolidated gross profit margins, while leather goods and private label products typically provide gross margins below our historical consolidated gross profit margins. In addition, sales of our wearable technology products have produced gross profit margins below our historical consolidated gross profit margins. 
 
 Geographic mix: international sales typically produce gross margins in excess of our historical consolidated gross profit margins, while domestic sales typically provide gross margins below our historical consolidated gross profit margins. 
 
 If future sales from our higher gross margin businesses do not increase at a faster rate than our lower gross margin businesses, our gross profit margins may grow at a slower pace, cease to grow, or decrease relative to our historical consolidated gross profit margin. 
 
 U.S. tax legislation enacted in December 2017 and the global implementation of Pillar Two may adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flow. 
 
 On December 22, 2017, then President Trump signed into law Public Law No. 115-97, commonly referred to as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the "Tax Act"), following its passage by the United States Congress. The Tax Act made significant changes to U.S. federal income tax laws, including changing the corporate tax rate to a flat 21 rate, introducing a capital investment deduction in certain circumstances, placing certain limitations on the interest deduction, modifying the rules regarding the usability of certain net operating losses, and making extensive changes to the U.S. international tax system. The new Global Intangible Low-Taxed Income GILTI provisions of the Tax Act requiring the inclusion of certain foreign earnings in U.S. taxable income increased our effective tax rate in post-Tax Act fiscal years and will continue to increase it in future years. Technically, corporate shareholders of foreign corporations generating GILTI are generally entitled to a 50 deduction against such income, lowering the effective rate of tax from 21 to 10.5 . Furthermore, they are able to recognize a foreign tax credit for 80 of local taxes paid on GILTI income. Therefore, as long as the GILTI average effective rate is 13.125 or more, the tax associated with GILTI should be fully offset by foreign tax credits. However, when a corporate group has a domestic 
 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 source loss, the GILTI absorbs this loss, eliminating any ability to carry the loss forward to offset future income and also generates excess foreign tax credits which cannot be carried forward. We account for GILTI as incurred under the period cost method. Any increase in corporate tax rates or changes to the calculation of GILTI may be detrimental to us. The impact of any such changes could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flow. 
 
 Under an OECD Inclusive Framework, 140 countries agreed to enact a two-pillar solution to reform the international tax rules to address the challenges arising from the globalization and digitalization of the economy. The Pillar Two Global Anti-Base Erosion (GloBE) Rules provide a coordinated system to ensure that multinational enterprises with revenues above EUR 750 million pay a minimum effective tax rate of 15 tax on the income arising in each of the jurisdictions in which they operate. They will be liable to pay a top-up tax for the difference between their GloBE effective tax rate per jurisdiction and the 15 minimum rate. It is the ultimate parent entity of the multinational enterprise that is primarily liable for the GLoBE top-up tax in its jurisdiction s territory. Therefore, some countries may engage in domestic tax policy reforms in anticipation of the GloBE rules becoming effective and enact their own domestic minimum tax rates to avoid tax leakage . Notwithstanding any new local minimum tax regime which may be designed to reduce or eliminate the GloBE top-up tax, additional top-up tax under GLoBE may still be due. This will depend on the local effective tax rate calculation according to the specific rules set out in the Pillar Two implementation guidance. The technical aspects of the calculation are still being developed. Any increase in corporate tax rates or rules regarding the calculation of taxable income for the top-up tax could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flow. 

We have recorded impairment charges in the past and may record impairment charges in the future. 
 
 We are required, at least annually, or as facts and circumstances warrant, to test trade names to determine if impairment has occurred. We are also required to test property plant and equipment and other long lived assets for impairment as facts and circumstances warrant. Impairment may result from any number of factors, including adverse changes in assumptions used for valuation purposes, such as actual or projected net sales, growth rates, profitability or discount rates, or other variables. If the testing indicates that impairment has occurred, we are required to record a non-cash impairment charge. Should the value of trade names, property plant and equipment and other long lived assets become impaired, it could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 
 Increased competition from online only retailers and a highly promotional retail environment may increase pressure on our margins. 
 
 The continued increase in e-commerce competitors for retail sales and slowing mall traffic has resulted in significant pricing pressure and a highly promotional retail environment, which was heightened by the impact of COVID-19. These factors may cause us to be more promotional with our sales prices to retailers and consumers, which could cause our gross margin to decline if we are unable to appropriately manage inventory levels and/or otherwise offset any price reductions with comparable reductions in our costs. If we have to reduce our sales prices for competitive purposes and we fail to sufficiently reduce our product costs or operating expenses, our profitability will decline. This could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 
 Our license agreements may require minimum royalty commitments regardless of the level of product sales under these agreements. 
 
 Under our license agreements, we have in the past experienced, and could again in the future experience, instances where our minimum royalty commitments exceeded the royalties payable based upon our sales of the licensed products. Payments of minimum royalties in excess of the royalties based on our sales of the licensed products reduce our margins and could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 
 Foreign currency fluctuations could adversely impact our financial condition. 
 
 We generally purchase our products in U.S. dollars. However, we source a significant amount of our products overseas and, as such, the cost of these products may be affected by changes in the value of the currencies of these countries, including the Australian dollar, British pound, Canadian dollar, Chinese yuan, Danish krone, euro, Hong Kong dollar, Indian rupee, Japanese yen, South Korean won, Malaysian ringgit, Mexican peso, Norwegian kroner, Singapore dollar, Swedish krona and Swiss franc. Due to our dependence on manufacturing operations in China, changes in the value of the Chinese yuan may have a material impact on our supply channels and manufacturing costs, including component and assembly costs. 

27 

Table of Contents 

 In addition, changes in currency exchange rates may also affect the prices at which we sell products in foreign markets. For fiscal years 2022, 2021 and 2020, 63.1 , 63.5 and 66.1 of our consolidated net sales were generated outside of the U.S. In general, our overall financial results are affected positively by a weaker U.S. dollar and are affected negatively by a stronger U.S. dollar as compared to the foreign currencies in which we conduct our business. For example, due to a stronger U.S. dollar in fiscal year 2022, the translation of foreign-based net sales into U.S. dollars decreased our reported net sales by approximately 86.9 million compared to fiscal year 2021. If the value of the U.S. dollar remains at its current levels or strengthens against foreign currencies, particularly against the euro, Chinese yuan, Indian rupee, Canadian dollar, South Korean won, British pound and Japanese yen, our financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely impacted. Although we utilize forward contracts to help mitigate foreign currency risks (mostly relating to the euro, Canadian dollar, British pound, Japanese yen, Mexican peso and Australian dollar), foreign currency fluctuations may have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Legal, Compliance and Reputational risks 
 
 A data security or privacy breach could damage our reputation, harm our customer relationships, expose us to litigation or government actions, and result in a material adverse effect to our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We depend on information technology systems, the Internet and computer networks for a substantial portion of our retail and e-commerce businesses, including credit card transaction authorization and processing. We also receive and store personal information about our customers and employees, the protection of which is critical to us. In the normal course of our business, we collect, retain, and transmit certain sensitive and confidential customer information, including credit card information, over public networks. Our customers have a high expectation that we will adequately protect their personal information. In addition, personal information is highly regulated at the international, federal and state level. While we and our third-party service providers have safeguards in place to defend our systems against intrusions and attacks and to protect our data, we cannot be certain that these measures are sufficient to counter all current and emerging technology threats. Despite the security measures we currently have in place, our facilities and systems and those of our third party service providers have been, and will continue to be, vulnerable to theft of physical information, security breaches, hacking attempts, computer viruses and malware, ransomware, phishing, lost data and programming and/or human errors. To date, none of these risks, intrusions, attacks or human error have resulted in any material liability to us. While we carry insurance policies that would provide liability coverage for certain of these matters, if we experience a significant security incident, we could be subject to liability or other damages that exceed our insurance coverage, and we cannot be certain that such insurance policies will continue to be available to us on economically reasonable terms, or at all, or that any insurer will not deny coverage as to any future claim. Any electronic or physical security breach involving the misappropriation, loss, or other unauthorized disclosure of confidential or personally identifiable information, including penetration of our network security or those of our third party service providers, could disrupt our business, severely damage our reputation and our customer relationships, expose us to litigation and liability, subject us to governmental investigations, fines and enforcement actions, result in negative media coverage and distraction to management and result in a material adverse effect to our business, financial condition, and results of operations. In addition, as a result of security breaches at a number of prominent retailers and other companies, the media and public scrutiny of information security and privacy has become more intense and the regulatory environment related thereto has become more uncertain. As a result, we may incur significant costs in complying with new and existing state, federal, and foreign laws regarding protection of, and unauthorized disclosure of, personal information. A successful ransomware attack on our systems could make them inaccessible for a period of time pending the payment of a ransom to unlock the systems or our ability to otherwise restore our access to our systems. 
 
 We are subject to laws and regulations in the U.S. and the many countries in which we operate. Violations of laws and regulations, or changes to existing laws or regulations, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 Our operations are subject to domestic and international laws and regulations in a number of areas, including, but not limited to, labor, advertising, consumer protection, real estate, product safety, e-commerce, promotions, intellectual property, tax, import and export, anti-corruption, anti-bribery, foreign exchange controls and cash repatriation, data privacy, anti-competition, environmental, health and safety. Compliance with these numerous laws and regulations is complicated, time consuming and expensive, and the laws and regulations may be inconsistent from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, further increasing the difficulty and cost to comply with them. New laws and regulations, or changes to existing laws and regulations, could individually or in the aggregate make our products more costly to produce, delay the introduction of new products in one or more regions, cause us to change or limit our business practices, or affect our financial condition and results of operations. We have implemented policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with the numerous laws and regulations affecting our 
 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 business, but there can be no assurance that our employees, contractors, or agents will not violate such laws, regulations or our policies related thereto. Any such violations could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or operating results. 
 
 Tariffs or other restrictions placed on imports from China and any retaliatory trade measures taken by China could materially harm our revenue and results of operations. 
 
 Beginning in July 2018, certain of our products have been subject to additional ad valorem duties imposed by the U.S. government on products of China under Section 301 of the Trade Act of 1974. These tariffs, imposed via four successive Lists were the result of an April 2018 determination by the Office of the U.S. Trade Representative USTR that China s acts, practices, and policies with respect to technology transfer, intellectual property, and innovation are unreasonable or discriminatory and burden or restrict U.S. commerce. In particular, certain of our packaging and handbag products have been subject to an additional 25 ad valorem tariff, based on the first sale export price as imported into the U.S., since July 2018 List 1 ). Certain of our handbag and wallet products were subject to an additional 10 ad valorem tariff, based on the first sale export price as imported into the U.S., beginning in September 2018, a rate that was then raised to 25 ad valorem from June 2019 to present List 3 ). Finally, smart watches, certain jewelry products, and several of our traditional watch products were subject to an additional 15 ad valorem tariff, based on the first sale export price as imported into the U.S., beginning in September 2019, a rate that was lowered to 7.5 ad valorem from February 2020 to present List 4A ). 
 
 USTR is currently conducting a statutory review of these tariffs, but they remain in place during that review and Biden Administration officials have publically signaled that modifications to the tariffs may not be extensive. Any modifications USTR may make, which are expected by the end of September 2023, could also further impact our products. We continue to monitor these developments for potential risks. We have also joined litigation before the U.S. Court of International Trade challenging the legality of the Section 301 List 3 and List 4A tariffs and seeking refunds of duties paid on imports that were subject to those tariffs. That litigation is ongoing with a final decision possible in mid-2023 at the earliest. As a result, it is difficult to accurately estimate the impact on our business from these tariff actions or similar actions. However, assuming no further offsets from price increases, sourcing changes, or other changes to trade policy and regulatory rulings, all of which are currently under review, the estimated gross profit exposure from the Section 301 tariffs is approximately 5.6 million in fiscal year 2023. 
 
 If the tariffs continue or increase, we may be required to raise our prices, which may result in the loss of customers and harm our operating performance. Alternatively, we may seek to shift production outside of China or otherwise change our sourcing strategy for these products, resulting in significant costs and disruption to our operations. Even if the U.S. further modifies these tariffs, it is always possible that new products we introduce could be impacted by the changes, or that our business will be impacted by retaliatory trade measures taken by China or other countries in response to existing or future tariffs, causing us to raise prices or make changes to our operations, any of which could materially harm our revenue or operating results. 
 
 The loss of our intellectual property rights may harm our business. 
 
 Our trademarks, patents and other intellectual property rights are important to our success and competitive position. We are devoted to the establishment and protection of our trademarks, patents and other intellectual property rights in those countries where we believe it is important to our ability to sell our products. However, we cannot be certain that the actions we have taken will result in enforceable rights, will be adequate to protect our products in every country where we may want to sell our products, will be adequate to prevent imitation of our products by others or will be adequate to prevent others from seeking to prevent sales of our products as a violation of the trademarks, patents or other intellectual property rights of others. Additionally, we rely on the patent, trademark and other intellectual property laws of the U.S. and other countries to protect our proprietary rights. Even if we are successful in obtaining appropriate trademark, patent and other intellectual property rights, we may be unable to prevent third parties from using our intellectual property without our authorization, particularly in those countries where the laws do not protect our proprietary rights as fully as in the U.S. Because we sell our products internationally and are dependent on foreign manufacturing in China, we are significantly dependent on foreign countries to protect our intellectual property rights. The use of our intellectual property or similar intellectual property by others could reduce or eliminate any competitive advantage we have developed, causing us to lose sales or otherwise harm our business. Further, if it became necessary for us to resort to litigation to protect our intellectual property rights, any proceedings could be burdensome and costly and we may not prevail. The failure to obtain or maintain trademark, patent or other intellectual property rights could materially harm our business. 

29 

Table of Contents 

 Our products may infringe the intellectual property rights of others, which may cause us to incur unexpected costs or prevent us from selling certain of our products. 
 
 We cannot be certain that our products do not and will not infringe upon the intellectual property rights of others. The wearable technology space is rapidly developing with new innovation, resulting in a number of domestic and international patent filings for new technology. As a result, wearable technology companies may be subject to an increasing number of claims that their products infringe the intellectual property rights of competitors or non-practicing entities. We have been, are and may in the future be subject to legal proceedings involving claims of alleged infringement of the intellectual property rights of third parties by us and our customers in connection with the marketing and sale of our products. Any such claims, whether or not meritorious, could result in costly litigation and divert the efforts of our personnel. Moreover, should we be found liable for infringement, we may be required to enter into agreements (if available on acceptable terms or at all) or to pay damages and cease making or selling certain products. Moreover, we may need to redesign or rename some of our products to avoid future infringement liability. Any of the foregoing could cause us to incur significant costs and prevent us from manufacturing or selling certain of our products. 
 
 If an independent manufacturer or license partner of ours fails to use acceptable labor practices or otherwise comply with laws or suffers reputation harm, our business could suffer. 
 
 While we have a code of conduct for our manufacturing partners, we have no control over the ultimate actions or labor practices of our independent manufacturers. The violation of labor or other laws by one of our independent manufacturers, or by one of our license partners, or the divergence of an independent manufacturer s or license partner s labor practices from those generally accepted as ethical in the U.S. or other countries in which the violation or divergence occurred, could interrupt or otherwise disrupt the shipment of finished products to us or damage our reputation. In addition, certain of our license agreements are with named globally recognized fashion designers. Should one of these fashion designers, or any or our licensor companies, conduct themselves inappropriately or make controversial statements, the underlying brand, and consequently our business under that brand, could suffer. Any of these, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. As a result, should one of our independent manufacturers or licensors be found in violation of state or international laws or receive negative publicity, we could suffer financial or other unforeseen consequences. 
 
 Risks Relating to our Common Stock 
 
 We may continue to incur rapid and substantial increases or decreases in our stock price in the foreseeable future that may not coincide in timing with the disclosure of news or developments by or affecting us. Accordingly, the market price of our common stock may fluctuate dramatically, and may decline rapidly, regardless of any developments in our business. 
 
 Overall, there are various factors, many of which are beyond our control, that could negatively affect the market price of our common stock or result in fluctuations in the price or trading volume of our common stock, including: 
 
 the ongoing impacts and developments relating to the COVID-19 pandemic; 
 actual or anticipated variations in our annual or quarterly results of operations, including our earnings estimates and whether we meet market expectations with regard to our earnings; 
 our decision not to, or our current inability to, pay dividends or other distributions; 
 publication of research reports by analysts or others about us or the specialty retail industry, which may be unfavorable, inaccurate, inconsistent or not disseminated on a regular basis; 
 changes in market valuations of similar companies; 
 market reaction to any additional equity, debt or other securities that we may issue in the future, and which may or may not dilute the holdings of our existing stockholders; 
 additions or departures of key personnel; 
 actions by institutional or significant stockholders; 
 short interest in our stock and the market response to such short interest; 
 a dramatic increase in the number of individual holders of our stock and their participation in social media platforms targeted at speculative investing; 
 speculation in the press or investment community about our company or industry; 
 financial results reported by certain of our significant public licensing partners; 
 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 strategic actions by us or our competitors, such as acquisitions or other investments; 
 legislative, administrative, regulatory or other actions affecting our business, our industry, including positions taken by the Internal Revenue Service ("IRS 
 investigations, proceedings, or litigation that involve or affect us; and 
 general market and economic conditions. 
 
 Our CEO owns approximately 6.2 of our outstanding common stock. 
 
 Mr. Kosta Kartsotis owns approximately 6.2 of our common stock as of December 31, 2022. As a result, he is in a position to influence the outcome of elections of our directors, the adoption, amendment or repeal of our bylaws and any other actions requiring the vote or consent of our stockholders, and to otherwise influence our affairs. 
 
 Because the interests of Mr. Kartsotis may not coincide with the interests of other stockholders, Mr. Kartsotis may influence the Company to enter into transactions or agreements that other stockholders would not approve or make decisions with which other stockholders may disagree. 
 
 Our organizational documents contain anti-takeover provisions that could discourage a proposal for a takeover. 
 
 Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws, as well as the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, contain provisions that may have the effect of discouraging a proposal for a takeover. These include a provision in our certificate of incorporation authorizing the issuance of "blank check" preferred stock and provisions in our bylaws establishing advance notice procedures with respect to certain stockholder proposals. Our bylaws may be amended by a vote of 80 of the Board of Directors, subject to repeal by a vote of 80 of the stockholders. In addition, Delaware law limits the ability of a Delaware corporation to engage in certain business combinations with interested stockholders. Finally, Mr. Kartsotis has the ability, by virtue of his stock ownership, to influence a vote regarding a change in control. 
 
 Failure to meet our financial guidance or achieve other forward-looking statements we have provided to the public could result in a decline in our stock price. 
 
 From time to time, we provide public guidance on our expected financial results or disclose other forward-looking information for future periods. We manage our business to maximize our growth and profitability and not to achieve financial or operating targets for any particular reporting period. Although we believe that public guidance may provide investors with a better understanding of our expectations for the future and is useful to our existing and potential stockholders, such guidance is subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Any such guidance or other forward-looking statements are predictions based on our then-existing expectations and projections about future events that we believe are reasonable. Actual events or results may differ materially from our expectations, and as such, our actual results may not be in line with guidance we have provided. We are under no duty to update any of our forward-looking statements to conform to actual results or to changes in our expectations, except as required by federal securities laws. If our financial results for a particular period do not meet our guidance or the expectations of investors, or if we reduce our guidance for future periods, the market price of our common stock may decline and stockholders could be adversely affected. Investors who rely on these predictions when making investment decisions with respect to our securities do so at their own risk. In addition, our stock price may also decline if we fail to meet securities research analysts' projections. Similarly, if one or more of the analysts who covers us downgrades our stock or publishes inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our stock price could decline. 
 
 General Risks 
 
 Any deterioration in the global economic environment, and any resulting declines in consumer confidence and spending, could have an adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. 
 
 Uncertainty in global markets, slowing economic growth, high levels of unemployment, the continuing impact and duration of the COVID-19 pandemic, inflation, rising interest rates and eroding consumer confidence can negatively impact the level of consumer spending for discretionary items. This can affect our business as it is dependent on consumer demand for our products. Global economic conditions remain uncertain, and the possibility remains that domestic or global economies, or certain industry sectors of those economies that are key to our sales, may slow or deteriorate, which could result in a corresponding decrease in demand for our products and negatively impact our results of operations and financial condition. 

31 

Table of Contents 

 The effects of economic cycles, terrorism, acts of war and retail industry conditions may adversely affect our business. 
 
 Our business is subject to economic cycles and retail industry conditions. Purchases of discretionary fashion accessories, such as our watches, jewelry, handbags, sunglasses and other products, tend to decline during recessionary periods when disposable income is low and consumers are hesitant to use available credit. In addition, acts of terrorism, acts of war and military action both in the U.S. and abroad can have a significant effect on economic conditions and may negatively affect our ability to procure our products from manufacturers for sale to our customers. Any significant declines in general economic conditions, public safety concerns or uncertainties regarding future economic prospects that affect consumer spending habits could have a material adverse effect on consumer purchases of our products. 
 
 Risks associated with foreign government regulations and U.S. trade policy may affect our foreign operations and sourcing. 
 
 Our businesses are subject to risks generally associated with doing business abroad, such as foreign governmental regulation in the countries in which our manufacturing sources are located, primarily China. While we have not experienced any material issues with foreign governmental regulations that would impact our arrangements with our foreign manufacturing sources, we believe that this issue is of particular concern with regard to China due to the less mature nature of the Chinese market economy, the historical involvement of the Chinese government in the industry and recent trade tensions between China and the United States. If regulations or other factors were to render the conduct of business in a particular country undesirable or impracticable, or if our current foreign manufacturing sources were for any other reason to cease doing business with us, such a development could have a material adverse effect on our product sales and on our supply, manufacturing and distribution channels. 
 Our business is also subject to risks associated with U.S. and foreign legislation and regulations relating to imports, including quotas, duties, tariffs or taxes, and other charges or restrictions on imports, which could adversely affect our operations and our ability to import products at current or increased levels. Substantially all of our import operations are subject to customs duties imposed by the governments where our production facilities are located on imported products, including raw materials. We cannot predict whether additional U.S. and foreign customs quotas, duties (including antidumping or countervailing duties), tariffs, taxes or other charges or restrictions, requirements as to whether raw materials must be purchased, additional workplace regulations or other restrictions on our imports will be imposed upon the importation of our products in the future or adversely modified, or what effect such actions would have on our costs of operations. For example, our products imported for distribution in the United States are subject to U.S. customs duties, and in the ordinary course of our business, we may from time to time be subject to claims by U.S. Customs and Border Protection for duties and other charges. Factors that may influence the modification or imposition of these restrictions may include determinations by the Office of the U.S. Trade Representative that a country has denied adequate intellectual property rights or fair and equitable market access to U.S. firms, trade disputes between the United States and another country that leads to withdrawal of most favored nation status for that country and economic and political changes within a country that are viewed unfavorably by the U.S. government, resulting in trade policy changes towards that country. Future quotas, duties, or tariffs may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Future trade agreements could also provide our competitors with an advantage over us, or increase our costs, either of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 There are inherent limitations in all control systems, and misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 
 We are subject to the ongoing internal control provisions of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. These provisions provide for the identification of material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting, which is a process to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Our management, including our CEO and Chief Financial Officer ("CFO"), does not expect that our internal controls and disclosure controls will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. In addition, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and the benefit of controls must be relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, in our Company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple errors or mistakes. Further, controls can be circumvented by individual acts, by collusion of two or more persons, or by management override of the controls. The design of any system of controls is also based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Over time, a control may be inadequate because of 
 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 changes in conditions, such as growth of the Company or increased transaction volume, or the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 
 In addition, discovery and disclosure of a material weakness, by definition, could have a material adverse impact on our financial statements. Such an occurrence could discourage certain customers or suppliers from doing business with us, result in higher borrowing costs and affect how our stock trades. This could in turn negatively affect our ability to access public debt or equity markets for capital. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 

Item 2. Properties 
 Company Facilities 
 As of the end of fiscal year 2022, we owned or leased the following material facilities in connection with our U.S. and international operations: 
 Location Use Approximate Square Footage Owned / Leased Eggst tt, Germany Office, warehouse and distribution 383,000 Owned Richardson, Texas Corporate headquarters 536,000 Lease expiring in 2031 Dallas, Texas Office, warehouse and distribution 518,000 Lease expiring in 2026 Hong Kong Warehouse and distribution 192,000 Lease expiring in 2027 Basel, Switzerland Europe headquarters 115,000 Lease expiring in 2036 Bangalore, India Office 58,000 Lease expiring in 2025 Hong Kong Asia headquarters 40,000 Lease expiring in 2026 
 
 Retail Store Facilities 
 As of the end of fiscal year 2022, we had 338 lease agreements for retail space for the sale of our products. The leases, including renewal options, expire at various times through 2036. The leases provide for minimum annual rentals and, in certain cases, for the payment of additional rent when sales exceed specified net sales amounts. We are also generally required to pay our pro rata share of common area maintenance costs, real estate taxes, insurance, maintenance expenses and utilities. 
 We believe that our material existing facilities are well maintained, in good operating condition, and are adequate for our needs. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 The Company is occasionally subject to litigation or other legal proceedings in the normal course of its business. The Company does not believe that the outcome of any currently pending legal matters, individually or collectively, will have a material effect on the business or financial condition of the Company. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 

33 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 General 
 Our common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol "FOSL." 
 As of March 3, 2023, there were 61 holders of record of our shares of common stock (including nominee holders such as banks and brokerage firms who hold shares for beneficial owners), although we believe that the number of beneficial owners is much higher. 
 We have not declared or paid any dividends since our formation and currently do not intend to pay dividends for the foreseeable future. Our current business plan is to retain any future earnings to finance the growth of our business. 
 Common Stock Performance Graph 
 The following performance graph compares the cumulative return of our shares of common stock over the preceding five year periods with that of the broad market Standard Poor's 500 Stock Index ("S P 500 Index") and the Nasdaq Retail Trades Group. Each index assumes 100 invested at December 31, 2017 and is calculated assuming quarterly reinvestment of dividends and quarterly weighting by market capitalization. 
 2022 COMPARATIVE TOTAL RETURNS 
 Fossil Group, Inc., 
 Nasdaq Retail Trades and S P 500 Index 
 (Performance Results through 12/31/2022) 
 
 12/31/2017 12/31/2018 12/31/2019 12/31/2020 12/31/2021 12/31/2022 Fossil Group, Inc. 100.00 202.45 101.42 111.58 132.43 55.47 S P 500 Index 100.00 93.76 120.84 140.49 178.27 143.61 Nasdaq Retail Trades 100.00 106.89 134.05 189.26 225.00 152.98 
 Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 
 In August 2010, our Board of Directors approved a common stock repurchase program pursuant to which up to 30 million could be used to repurchase outstanding shares of our common stock. The 30 million repurchase program has no termination date. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 20.0 million of repurchase authorizations remaining under its repurchase program. 
 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publically Announced Programs Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Program February 27, 2022 - April 2, 2022 989,186 10.11 989,186 19,999,982 Total .......... 989,186 989,186 
 During fiscal 2022, approximately 1.0 million shares of our common stock were repurchased at a cost of 10.0 million. There were no repurchases of common stock during fiscal years 2021 or 2020. 
 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The following discussion should be read in conjunction with Item 1. Business, Item 1A. Risk Factors and our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our actual results of operations may differ materially from those discussed in forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including but not limited to those included in Item 1A. Risk Factors and other portions of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Overview 
 We are a global design, marketing and distribution company that specializes in consumer fashion accessories. Our principal offerings include an extensive line of men's and women's fashion watches and jewelry, handbags, small leather goods, belts, and sunglasses. In the watch and jewelry product categories, we have a diverse portfolio of globally recognized owned and licensed brand names under which our products are marketed. 
 Our products are distributed globally through various distribution channels including wholesale in countries where we have a physical presence, direct to the consumer through our retail stores and commercial websites and through third-party distributors in countries where we do not maintain a physical presence. Our products are offered at varying price points to meet the needs of our customers, whether they are value-conscious or luxury oriented. Based on our range of accessory products, brands, distribution channels and price points, we are able to target style-conscious consumers across a wide age spectrum on a global basis. 
 Known or Anticipated Trends 
 Based on our recent operating results and current perspectives on our operating environment, we anticipate the following trends will continue to impact our operating results: 
 COVID-19 : Our business operations and financial performance continue to be materially impacted by COVID-19. The COVID-19 pandemic has negatively affected the global economies, disrupted global supply chains and financial markets, and led to significant travel and transportation restrictions, including periodic mandatory closures of non-essential businesses and orders to shelter-in-place. The lockdowns and travel restrictions, particularly in China, have had a significant adverse impact on our sales throughout fiscal year 2022. However, we expect those pressures to have a lesser impact on fiscal year 2023, although the extent of the impact is uncertain. 
 Supply Chain : Our business is subject to the risks inherent in global sourcing supply. We rely on domestic and foreign suppliers to provide us with merchandise in a timely manner and at favorable prices. Certain key components in our products come from limited sources of supply, which exposes us to potential supply shortages that could disrupt the manufacture and sale of our products. Any interruption or delay in the supply of key components could significantly harm our ability to meet scheduled product deliveries to our customers and cause us to lose sales. Among our foreign suppliers, China is the source of a substantial majority of our imports. We experienced increased international transit times and higher costs in fiscal year 2022 across all modes of transportation. However, we expect those pressures to have a lesser impact in fiscal year 2023. Separately, a disruption in the flow of our imported merchandise from China may significantly decrease our profits. 
 
 Inflation : We have encountered inflation on our shipping costs for a majority of our products. A material increase in the cost of our products or transportation without any offsetting price increases may significantly reduce our profits. During 2022 we made some modest pricing changes primarily in selected FOSSIL branded products. From a consumer demand perspective, high rates of inflation on goods and services contributed to a softening of consumer demand in fiscal year 2022. We expect high rates of inflation to continue in 2023 in many of our major markets. 
 
 Foreign Currencies : The rapid strengthening of the U.S. dollar relative to major foreign currencies unfavorably impacted our net sales and profitability in fiscal year 2022. Foreign currency translation may continue to have negative impacts on our financial results in fiscal year 2023 when compared with fiscal year 2022. 
 
 Inventory Levels : In fiscal year 2022, a slowing of consumer demand in our core categories, in part due to macro economic factors such as higher inflation, has resulted in excess inventory with many of our wholesale customers. With higher marketplace inventories and a rapidly changing economic environment, we expect retailers to rationalize their inventory needs. We continue to proactively manage our inventory purchases to mitigate our cash flow and inventory risks. 
 Russia-Ukraine Conflict : Our operations in Russia consist of sales through a third-party distributor. Sales to this distributor are currently on hold. Our sales in Russia are not material to our financial results. We have no other operations, including supply chain, in Russia or Ukraine. However, the continuation of the Russia-Ukraine military conflict and/or an 
 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 escalation of the conflict beyond its current scope may weaken the global economy and could result in additional inflationary pressures and supply chain constraints. 
 
 Security : We depend on information technology systems, the Internet and computer networks for a substantial portion of our retail and e-commerce businesses, including credit card transaction authorization and processing. We also receive and store personal information about our customers and employees, the protection of which is critical to us. In the normal course of our business, we collect, retain, and transmit certain sensitive and confidential customer information, including credit card information, over public networks. Despite the security measures we currently have in place, our facilities and systems and those of our third party service providers have been, and will continue to be, vulnerable to theft of physical information, security breaches, hacking attempts, computer viruses and malware, ransomware, phishing, lost data and programming and/or human errors. To date, none of these risks, intrusions, attacks or human error have resulted in any material liability to us. While we carry insurance policies that would provide liability coverage for certain of these matters, if we experience a significant security incident, we could be subject to liability or other damages that exceed our insurance coverage. In addition, we cannot be certain that such insurance policies will continue to be available to us on economically reasonable terms, or at all, or that any insurer will not deny coverage as to any future claim. 
 
 Business Strategies and Outlook : As we anticipate the challenging operating conditions which emerged in fiscal year 2022 are likely to continue for some time, we remain cautious in our overall outlook for fiscal 2023. To align with these conditions, we recently announced our Transform and Grow initiative TAG designed to reduce operating expenses, improve operating margins and advance our path to profitable growth. 
 The Transform aspect of our TAG program focuses on optimizing our core categories, brands, geographies and channels. Through this more focused lens, we intend to restructure our operations to achieve lower operating expenses and to reduce our working capital, primarily through lower inventory purchases in fiscal year 2023. The reduction in operating expenses is intended to generate an estimated 100 million in annualized benefits by the end of 2024. This is partly achieved by a reduction in the Company s global workforce in 2023 by 8 , which includes employees from planned store closures. We have implemented and plan to implement additional programs and initiatives to optimize our operations and de-emphasize non-core parts of our business. 
 The Growth aspect of our TAG program focuses on investing in three key growth pillars with three growth enablers to drive sustained and profitable revenue growth. These growth pillars are: (1) revitalize the Fossil Brand, (2) grow our watches and jewelry in our core portfolio brands and (3) to focus on a more premium watch segment. We believe that these growth pillars are best enabled by: (1) our digital transformation, (2) marketing transformation and (3) technology investments. 

Operating Segments 
 We operate our business in three segments which are divided into geographies. Net sales for each geographic segment are based on the location of the selling entity and each reportable segment provides similar products and services. 
 Americas : The Americas segment is comprised of sales from our operations in the United States, Canada and Latin America. Sales are generated through diversified distribution channels that include wholesalers, distributors, and direct to consumer. Within each channel, we sell our products through a variety of physical point of sale, distributors and e-commerce channels. In the direct to consumer channel, we had 151 Company-owned stores as of the end of fiscal 2022 and an extensive collection of products available through our owned websites. As of the end of fiscal 2022, net sales in the Americas segment accounted for 44.2 of our consolidated revenue. 
 Europe : The Europe segment is comprised of sales to customers based in European countries, the Middle East and Africa. Sales are generated through diversified distribution channels that include wholesalers, distributors and direct to consumer. Within each channel, we sell our products through a variety of physical points of sale, distributors, and e-commerce channels. In the direct to consumer channel, we had 111 Company-owned stores as of the end of fiscal 2022 and an extensive collection of products available through our owned websites. As of the end of fiscal 2022, net sales in the Europe segment accounted for 32.2 of our consolidated revenue. 
 Asia : The Asia segment is comprised of sales to customers based in Australia, China (including Hong Kong, Macau, and Taiwan), India, Indonesia, Japan, Malaysia, New Zealand, Singapore, South Korea and Thailand. Sales are generated through diversified distribution channels that include wholesalers, distributors and direct to consumer. Within each channel, we sell our products through a variety of physical points of sale, distributors, and e-commerce channels. In the direct to consumer channel, 
 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 we had 80 Company-owned stores as of the end of fiscal 2022 and an extensive collection of products available through our owned websites. As of the end of fiscal 2022, net sales in the Asia segment accounted for 22.4 of our consolidated revenue. 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates and judgments, including those related to product returns, bad debt, inventories, long-lived asset impairment, impairment of trade names, income taxes, warranty costs and litigation liabilities. We base our estimates and judgments on historical experience and on various other factors that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Our estimates form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. We believe the following critical accounting subjects require the most significant estimates and judgments. 
 Product Returns. We monitor customer returns and maintain a provision for estimated returns based upon historical experience, current information and any specific issues identified. While returns have historically been within our expectations and the provisions established, future return rates may differ from those experienced in the past. In the event that our products are performing poorly in the retail market and/or we experience product damages or defects at a rate significantly higher than our historical rate, the resulting returns could have an adverse impact on the operating results for the period or periods in which such returns occur. If our allowance for product returns were to change by 10 , the impact, excluding taxes, would have been an approximate 1.8 million change to net income (loss). 
 Inventory. We account for estimated obsolescence or unmarketable inventory equal to the difference between the average cost of inventory and the estimated net realizable value based upon assumptions about forecasted sales demand, market conditions and available liquidation channels. Valuation of existing smartwatch inventory can be negatively impacted by the emergence of newer generation product. If actual future demand or market conditions are less favorable than those projected by management, or if liquidation channels are not readily available, additional inventory valuation reductions may be required. We assess our off-price sales on an ongoing basis and update our estimates accordingly. For every 1 of additional inventory valuation reductions as of fiscal year end 2022, we would have recorded an additional cost of sales of approximately 0.2 million. 
 Property, Plant and Equipment and Lease Impairment. We test for asset impairment of property, plant and equipment and lease assets whenever events or conditions indicate that the carrying value of an asset might not be recoverable based on expected undiscounted cash flows related to the asset. In evaluating long-lived assets for recoverability, we calculate fair value using our best estimate of future cash flows expected to result from the use of the asset and its eventual disposition. When undiscounted cash flows estimated to be generated through the operations of our Company-owned retail stores are less than the carrying value of the underlying assets, the assets are impaired. If it is determined that assets are impaired, an impairment loss is recognized for the amount that the asset's book value exceeds its fair value. Should actual results or market conditions differ from those anticipated, additional losses may be recorded. We recorded impairment losses in other long-lived asset impairments of 2.1 million, 7.5 million and 27.3 million in fiscal years 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, related to lease assets. We recorded impairment losses in other long-lived asset impairments of 0.2 million, 1.7 million and 4.0 million in fiscal years 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, related to property, plant and equipment. We recorded impairment losses in restructuring charges of 0.7 million and 2.9 million in fiscal years 2021 and 2020, respectively, related to lease assets. We recorded impairment losses in restructuring charges of 0.1 million, 0.2 million and 1.1 million in fiscal years 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, related to property, plant and equipment. In fiscal year 2022, an increase of 100 basis points to the discount rate would not have resulted in an increase to property, plant and equipment and lease impairment expense. A 10 decrease in future expected cash flows would have increased impairment expense by 1.2 million. 
 I ncome Taxes. We record valuation allowances against our deferred tax assets, when necessary, in accordance with ASC 740, Income Taxes ("ASC 740"). Realization of deferred tax assets is dependent on future taxable earnings and is therefore uncertain. At least quarterly, we assess the likelihood that our deferred tax asset balance will be recovered from future taxable income. To the extent we believe that recovery is not likely, we establish a valuation allowance against our deferred tax asset, increasing our income tax expense in the period such determination is made. The valuation allowance for fiscal years 2022, 2021 and 2020 was 143.3 million, 123.0 million and 109.3 million, respectively. 
 Our continuing practice is to recognize interest and penalties related to income tax matters in income tax expense. We accrue an amount for our estimate of additional income tax liability which we believe we are more likely than not to incur as a result of the ultimate resolution of tax audits ("uncertain tax positions"). We review and update the estimates used in the accrual 
 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 for uncertain tax positions as more definitive information becomes available from taxing authorities upon completion of tax audits, expiration of statutes of limitation, or occurrence of other events. The results of operations and financial position for future periods could be impacted by changes in assumptions or resolutions of tax audits. 
 The GILTI provisions of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (the "TCJ Act requiring the inclusion of certain foreign earnings in U.S. taxable income will continue to have an adverse impact on our effective tax rate. The GILTI impact will be accounted for as incurred under the period cost method. In addition, our valuation allowance analysis is affected by various aspects of the TCJ Act, including the limitation on the deductibility of interest expense and the impact of the GILTI. 
 The Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development ("OECD") and over 140 countries have agreed to enact a two-pillar solution to reform the international tax rules to address the challenges arising from the globalization and digitalization of the economy. "The Pillar Two Global Anti-Base Erosion (GloBE) Rules" provide a coordinated system to ensure that multinational enterprises with revenues above 750 million euro pay a minimum effective tax rate of 15 tax on the income arising in each of the jurisdictions in which they operate. The technical aspects of the calculation are still being developed. Implementation of these rules is scheduled for 2024, at which point we can determine the impact on our income tax expense and effective tax rate. 
 Key Measures of Financial Performance and Key Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 Constant Currency Financial Information: As a multinational enterprise, we are exposed to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. The translation of the operations of our foreign-based entities from their local currencies into U.S. dollars is sensitive to changes in foreign currency exchange rates and can have a significant impact on our reported financial results. In general, our overall financial results are affected positively by a weaker U.S. dollar and are affected negatively by a stronger U.S. dollar as compared to the foreign currencies in which we conduct our business. 
 
 As a result, in addition to presenting financial measures in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP ), our discussion contains references to constant currency financial information, which is a non-GAAP financial measure. To calculate net sales on a constant currency basis, net sales for the current fiscal year for entities reporting in currencies other than the U.S. dollar are translated into U.S. dollars at the average rates during the comparable period of the prior fiscal year. We present constant currency information to provide investors with a basis to evaluate how our underlying business performed excluding the effects of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. The constant currency financial information presented herein should not be considered a substitute for, or superior to, the measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP. Reconciliations between constant currency financial information and the most directly comparable GAAP measure are included where applicable. 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted Operating Income (Loss), Adjusted Net Income (Loss) and Adjusted Earnings per Share: Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted operating income (loss), Adjusted net income (loss) and Adjusted earnings per share are non-GAAP financial measures. We define Adjusted EBITDA as our income (loss) before income taxes, plus interest expense, amortization and depreciation, impairment expense, other non-cash charges, stock-based compensation expense, restructuring expense and unamortized debt issuance costs included in loss on extinguishment of debt minus interest income. We define Adjusted operating income (loss) as operating income (loss) before impairment expense and restructuring expense. We define Adjusted net income (loss) and Adjusted earnings per share as net income attributable to Fossil Group, Inc. and diluted earnings per share, respectively, before impairment expense, restructuring expense and unamortized debt issuance costs included in loss on extinguishment of debt. We have included Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted operating income (loss), Adjusted net income (loss) and Adjusted earnings per share herein because they are widely used by investors for valuation and for comparing our financial performance with the performance of our competitors. We also use these non-GAAP financial measures to monitor and compare the financial performance of our operations. Our presentation of Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted operating income (loss), Adjusted net income (loss) and Adjusted earnings per share may not be comparable to similarly titled measures other companies report. Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted operating income (loss), Adjusted net income (loss) and Adjusted earnings per share are not intended to be used as alternatives to any measure of our performance in accordance with GAAP. 
 Digital Sales: Due to shifting consumer traffic patterns and digital buying trends, we continue to accelerate our investments and capabilities in our global digital platform, and digital sales provide an important metric for our company. The digital space provides unique ways of engaging our customers. Digital sales include sales on our own e-commerce sites, global third party platforms, and wholesale dot com sites. 
 Comparable Retail Sales: Both stores and e-commerce sites are included in comparable retail sales in the thirteenth month of operation. Stores that experience a gross square footage increase of 10 or more due to an expansion and/or relocation are removed from the comparable store sales base, but are included in total sales. These stores are returned to the 
 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 comparable store sales base in the thirteenth month following the expansion and/or relocation. Comparable retail sales exclude the effects of foreign currency fluctuations. 
 Store Counts: While macro economic factors have shifted sales away from traditional brick and mortar stores towards digital channels, store counts continue to provide a key metric for management. Over time, we have made progress right-sizing our fleet of stores, focusing on closing our least profitable stores, and the size and quality of our store fleet have a direct impact on our sales and profitability. 
 Total Liquidity: We define total liquidity as cash and cash equivalents plus available borrowings on our revolving credit facility. We monitor and forecast total liquidity to ensure we can meet our financial obligations. 
 
 Components of Results of Operations 
 
 Revenues from sales of our products are recognized when control of the product is transferred to the customer and in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect to be entitled in exchange for the product. We accept limited returns from customers. We continually monitor returns and maintain a provision for estimated returns based upon historical experience and any specific issues identified. Product returns provision is accounted for as a reduction to revenue and cost of sales and increases to customer liabilities and other current assets to the extent the returned product is resalable. 
 
 Cost of Sales includes raw material costs, assembly labor, assembly overhead including depreciation expense, assembly warehousing costs and shipping and handling costs related to the movement of finished goods from assembly locations to sales distribution centers and from sales distribution centers to customer locations. Additionally, cost of sales includes customs duties, product packaging cost, royalty cost associated with sales of licensed products, the cost of molding and tooling and inventory shrinkage and damages. 
 Gross Profit and gross profit margin are influenced by our diversified business model that includes, but is not limited to: (i) product categories that we distribute; (ii) the multiple brands, including both owned and licensed, we offer within several product categories; (iii) the geographical presence of our businesses; and (iv) the different distribution channels we sell to or through. 
 The attributes of this diversified business model produce varying ranges of gross profit margin. Generally, on a historical basis, our fashion branded traditional watch and jewelry offerings produce higher gross profit margins than our smartwatches and leather goods offerings. In addition, in most product categories that we offer, brands with higher retail price points generally produce higher gross profit margins compared to those of lower retail priced brands. However, smartwatches carry relatively lower margins than our other major product categories. Gross profit margins related to sales in our Europe and Asia businesses are historically higher than our Americas business, primarily due to the following factors: (i) premiums charged in comparison to retail prices on products sold in the U.S.; (ii) the product sales mix in our international businesses, in comparison to our Americas business, is comprised more predominantly of watches and jewelry that generally produce higher gross profit margins than leather goods; and (iii) the watch sales mix in our Europe and Asia businesses, in comparison to our Americas business, are comprised more predominantly of higher priced licensed brands. 
 
 Operating Expenses include selling, general and administrative ("SG A"), trade name impairments, other long-lived asset impairments and restructuring charges. SG A expenses include selling and distribution expenses primarily consisting of sales and distribution labor costs, sales distribution center and warehouse facility costs, depreciation expense related to sales distribution and warehouse facilities, the four-wall operating costs of our retail stores, point-of-sale expenses, advertising expenses and art, design and product development labor costs. SG A also includes general and administrative expenses primarily consisting of administrative support labor and support costs such as treasury, legal, information services, accounting, internal audit, human resources, executive management costs and costs associated with stock-based compensation. Restructuring charges include costs to reorganize, refine and optimize our Company s infrastructure and store closures under our New World Fossil initiatives. 

40 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations 
 Fiscal Year 2022 Compared to Fiscal Year 2021 
 
 Consolidated Net Sales. Net sales decreased 187.6 million or 10.0 (5.4 in constant currency) for fiscal year 2022, as compared to fiscal year 2021. We experienced sales decreases in all three geographic segments and in the watches and jewelry product categories, while leathers increased. From a category perspective, traditional watch sales decreased 10.1 (5.6 in constant currency) driven by sales declines in EMPORIO ARMANI and MICHAEL KORS and were partially offset by sales growth in FOSSIL. Sales of smartwatches declined 32.3 (28.1 in constant currency) due to lower consumer demand across geographies and channels. Jewelry declined 3.0 (increased 4.9 in constant currency) primarily due to sales increases in FOSSIL branded jewelry partially offset by declines in MICHAEL KORS jewelry on a constant currency basis. Leathers sales grew 13.3 (17.2 in constant currency) primarily due to greater inventory availability as compared to the prior fiscal year and new designs that are resonating with consumers. From a channel perspective, growth in our direct to consumer channels led by our retail stores and owned e-commerce sites, partially offset declines in our wholesale channel. Comparable retail sales increased 15.3 during fiscal year 2022, compared to fiscal year 2021. In fiscal year 2022, digital sales, which include sales from our owned e-commerce channels, third party e-commerce platforms and wholesale dot com, were 37 of worldwide net sales. Digital sales decreased 19.7 (14.5 in constant currency) in fiscal year 2022 compared to fiscal year 2021 primarily due to declines in third party e-commerce platforms. 
 
 The following table sets forth consolidated net sales by segment and the changes in net sales by segment on both a reported and constant currency basis from period to period (dollars in millions): 
 Fiscal Year 2022 2021 Growth (Decline) Percentage of Total Percentage of Total Percentage as Reported Percentage Constant Currency Amounts Amounts Dollars Americas 744.0 44.2 785.9 42.0 (41.9) (5.3) (4.9) Europe 541.3 32.2 610.2 32.6 (68.9) (11.3) (1.3) Asia 377.6 22.4 455.2 24.4 (77.6) (17.0) (12.2) Corporate 19.5 1.2 18.7 1.0 0.8 4.3 4.8 Total net sales 1,682.4 100.0 1,870.0 100.0 (187.6) (10.0) (5.4) 
 
 41 

Table of Contents 

The following table sets forth product net sales and the changes in product net sales on both a reported and constant currency basis from period to period (dollars in millions): 
 Fiscal Year 2022 2021 Growth (Decline) Percentage of Total Percentage of Total Percentage as Reported Percentage Constant Currency Amounts Amounts Dollars Watches: Traditional watches 1,158.9 68.9 1,288.5 68.9 (129.6) (10.1) (5.6) Smartwatches 151.6 9.0 223.9 12.0 (72.3) (32.3) (28.1) Total watches 1,310.5 77.9 1,512.4 80.9 (201.9) (13.3) (9.0) Leathers 178.5 10.6 157.6 8.4 20.9 13.3 17.2 Jewelry 154.1 9.2 158.8 8.5 (4.7) (3.0) 4.9 Other 39.3 2.3 41.2 2.2 (1.9) (4.6) Total net sales 1,682.4 100.0 1,870.0 100.0 (187.6) (10.0) (5.4) 
 The following table sets forth the number of stores on the dates indicated below: 
 
 January 1, 2022 Opened Closed December 31, 2022 Americas 162 0 11 151 Europe 125 0 14 111 Asia 83 5 8 80 Total stores 370 5 33 342 
 Americas Net Sales. Americas net sales decreased 41.9 million or 5.3 (4.9 in constant currency) for fiscal year 2022 as compared to fiscal year 2021, with sales decreases in the U.S. partially offset by increases in Canada, while Mexico was flat. Sales decreased in our wholesale channel primarily reflecting lower consumer demand in smartwatches and were partially offset by increases in store sales and owned e-commerce. Comparable retail sales were moderately positive during fiscal year 2022, primarily due to increased store traffic. 
 The following table sets forth product net sales and the changes in product net sales on both a reported and constant currency basis from period to period for the Americas segment (dollars in millions): 
 Net Sales Fiscal Year Growth (Decline) Percentage as Reported Percentage Constant Currency 2022 2021 Dollars Watches: Traditional watches 519.0 531.4 (12.4) (2.3) (2.0) Smartwatches 65.6 110.7 (45.1) (40.7) (40.5) Total watches 584.6 642.1 (57.5) (9.0) (8.6) Leathers 115.3 95.2 20.1 21.1 22.2 Jewelry 35.7 41.4 (5.7) (13.8) (13.1) Other 8.4 7.2 1.2 16.7 17.5 Total 744.0 785.9 (41.9) (5.3) (4.9) 
 Europe Net Sales. During fiscal year 2022, Europe net sales decreased 68.9 million or 11.3 (1.3 in constant currency) in comparison to fiscal year 2021. The weakening of foreign currencies, predominantly the euro, against the U.S. dollar significantly decreased our net sales in fiscal year 2022. The greatest sales decreases were in the FOSSIL brand and within Germany. From a channel perspective, wholesale sales decreased while direct to consumer sales increased on a constant currency basis. Comparable retail sales increased strongly during fiscal year 2022, with growth in store sales partially offset by decreased owned e-commerce sales. 
 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 The following table sets forth product net sales and the changes in product net sales on both a reported and constant currency basis from period to period for the Europe segment (dollars in millions): 
 Net Sales Fiscal Year Growth (Decline) Percentage as Reported Percentage Constant Currency 2022 2021 Dollars Watches: Traditional watches 354.8 396.8 (42.0) (10.6) (0.6) Smartwatches 53.2 74.9 (21.7) (29.0) (20.4) Total watches 408.0 471.7 (63.7) (13.5) (3.8) Leathers 29.4 31.8 (2.4) (7.5) 3.1 Jewelry 93.6 96.0 (2.4) (2.5) 8.6 Other 10.3 10.7 (0.4) (3.7) 6.7 Total 541.3 610.2 (68.9) (11.3) (1.3) 
 
 Asia Net Sales. In fiscal year 2022, Asia net sales decreased 77.6 million or 17.0 (12.2 in constant currency) in comparison to fiscal 2021. The sales decrease was largely driven by greater China and predominately in the EMPORIO ARMANI brand and partially offset by increases in India. COVID-19 policies in mainland China, including restrictions on travel abroad, continued to negatively affect sales across all channels and also impacted other key markets that have historically benefited from Chinese travelers outside of mainland China. Comparable retail sales increased significantly during fiscal year 2022 as a result of traffic growth, partially offset by decreased owned e-commerce sales. 
 The following table sets forth product net sales and the changes in product net sales on both a reported and constant currency basis from period to period for the Asia segment (dollars in millions): 
 
 Net Sales Fiscal Year Growth (Decline) Percentage as Reported Percentage Constant Currency 2022 2021 Dollars Watches: Traditional watches 281.6 359.3 (77.7) (21.6) (17.4) Smartwatches 32.7 38.3 (5.6) (14.6) (7.6) Total watches 314.3 397.6 (83.3) (21.0) (16.4) Leathers 33.8 30.6 3.2 10.5 16.6 Jewelry 24.8 21.5 3.3 15.3 22.7 Other 4.7 5.5 (0.8) (14.5) (4.6) Total 377.6 455.2 (77.6) (17.0) (12.2) 

Gross Profit. Gross profit of 830.7 million in fiscal year 2022 decreased 135.7 million, or 14.0 , in comparison to 966.4 million in fiscal year 2021 driven by the decrease in sales. The gross profit margin rate decreased to 49.4 in fiscal year 2022 compared to 51.7 in fiscal year 2021, largely due to increased freight costs, a non-recurrence of the prior year's tariff reductions and unfavorable currency changes. These costs were partially offset by increased net foreign currency hedging contract gains in the current year as compared to the prior year and favorable product mix. 
 Operating Expenses. For fiscal year 2022, total operating expenses decreased to 832.2 million or 49.5 of net sales, compared to 873.7 million or 46.7 of net sales in fiscal year 2021. SG A expenses were 823.7 million in fiscal year 2022 compared to 842.6 million in fiscal year 2021. As a percentage of net sales, SG A expenses increased to 49.0 in fiscal year 2022 as compared to 45.1 in fiscal year 2021, mainly driven by deleveraging on lower sales. We completed our NWF 2.0 restructuring program in fiscal year 2022 and incurred restructuring costs of 6.1 million compared to restructuring costs of 21.9 million in fiscal year 2021. We incurred 2.3 million of other long-lived asset impairment charges in fiscal year 2022 compared to charges of 9.2 million in fiscal year 2021. The translation of foreign-denominated expenses during fiscal year 2022 decreased operating expenses by approximately 35.1 million as a result of the stronger U.S. dollar. 
 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 Operating Income (Loss). Operating income (loss) was a loss of 1.5 million in fiscal year 2022, as compared to income of 92.6 million in the prior fiscal year. The operating loss in fiscal year 2022 was primarily due to the decline in net sales and gross profit margin rate. As a percentage of net sales, operating margin was (0.1) in fiscal year 2022 as compared to 5.0 in fiscal year 2021 and was negatively impacted by 160 basis points due to changes in foreign currencies. 
 Operating income (loss) by operating segment is summarized as follows (dollars in millions): 
 Fiscal Year Growth (Decline) Operating Margin 2022 2021 Dollars Percentage 2022 2021 Americas 116.4 157.0 (40.6) (25.9) 15.6 20.0 Europe 91.1 110.0 (18.9) (17.2) 16.8 18.0 Asia 52.1 70.9 (18.8) (26.5) 13.8 15.6 Corporate (261.1) (245.3) (15.8) 6.4 Total operating income (loss) (1.5) 92.6 (94.1) (101.6) (0.1) 5.0 
 Interest Expense. Interest expense decreased by 5.9 million in fiscal year 2022 primarily driven by reduced debt issuance costs amortization. 
 Other Income (Expense) Net. During fiscal year 2022, other income (expense) - net was expense of 1.4 million, including a 1.1 million loss on the extinguishment of debt, compared to expense of 14.5 million in the prior fiscal year, which included a 13.0 million loss on the extinguishment of debt. 
 Provision for Income Taxes. During fiscal year 2022, there was an income tax expense of 21.4 million, resulting in an effective tax rate of (96.7) , compared to 49.8 in fiscal year 2021. The 2022 effective rate was unfavorably impacted by the low level of pre-tax earnings and valuation allowances on deferred tax assets, whereas the 2021 effective rate benefited from a higher level of earnings, partially offset by the unfavorable impact of GILTI and valuation allowances on deferred tax assets. 
 Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Fossil Group, Inc. Fiscal year 2022, net income (loss) attributable to Fossil Group, Inc. was a net loss of 44.2 million, or 0.85 per diluted share, in comparison to a net income of 25.4 million, or 0.48 per diluted share, in the prior fiscal year. During fiscal year 2022, currency fluctuations unfavorably impacted diluted earnings (loss) per share by 0.29. 
 Adjusted EBITDA. The following table reconciles Adjusted EBITDA to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure, which is income (loss) before income taxes. Certain line items presented in the table below, when aggregated, may not foot due to rounding (dollars in millions). 
 Fiscal Year 2022 2021 Dollars of Net Sales Dollars of Net Sales Income (loss) before income taxes (22.1) (1.3) 53.1 2.8 Plus: Interest expense 19.2 25.1 Amortization and depreciation 23.3 29.6 Impairment expense 2.4 9.2 Other non-cash charges (1.1) (0.1) Stock-based compensation 8.0 9.5 Restructuring expense 6.1 21.9 Unamortized debt issuance costs included in loss on extinguishment of debt 1.1 11.7 Less: Interest income 0.8 0.4 Adjusted EBITDA 36.1 2.1 159.6 8.5 
 
 44 

Table of Contents 

Adjusted Operating Income (Loss), Adjusted Net Income (Loss) and Adjusted Earnings (Loss) per Share. The following tables reconcile Adjusted operating income (loss), Adjusted net income (loss) and Adjusted earnings (loss) per share to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures, which are operating income (loss), net income (loss) attributable to Fossil Group, Inc. and diluted earnings (loss) per share, respectively. Certain line items presented in the table below, when aggregated, may not foot due to rounding. 
 
 Fiscal Year 2022 in millions, except per share data): As Reported Other Long-lived Asset Impairment Restructuring Expenses Unamortized Debt Issuance Costs Included in Loss on Extinguishment of Debt As Adjusted Operating income (loss) (1.5) 2.4 6.1 7.0 Operating margin of net sales) (0.1) 0.4 Interest expense 19.2 19.2 Other income (expense) - net (1.4) 1.1 (0.3) Income (loss) before income taxes (22.1) 2.4 6.1 1.1 (12.5) Provision for income taxes 21.4 0.5 1.3 0.2 23.4 Less: net income attributable to noncontrolling interest 0.6 0.6 Net income (loss) attributable to Fossil Group, Inc. (44.2) 1.9 4.8 0.9 (36.6) Diluted earnings (loss) per share (0.85) 0.04 0.09 0.01 (0.71) 
 Fiscal Year 2021 in millions, except per share data): As Reported Other Long-lived Asset Impairment Restructuring Expenses Unamortized Debt Issuance Costs Included in Loss on Extinguishment of Debt As Adjusted Operating income (loss) 92.6 9.2 21.9 123.7 Operating margin of net sales) 5.0 6.6 Interest expense 25.1 25.1 Other income (expense) - net (14.5) 11.7 (2.8) Income (loss) before income taxes 53.0 9.2 21.9 11.7 95.8 Provision for income taxes 26.4 1.9 4.6 2.5 35.4 Less: net income attributable to noncontrolling interest 1.2 1.2 Net income (loss) attributable to Fossil Group, Inc. 25.4 7.3 17.3 9.2 59.2 Diluted earnings (loss) per share 0.48 0.14 0.33 0.17 1.12 
 
 Fiscal Year 2021 Compared to Fiscal Year 2020 
 For a discussion of our results of operations in fiscal year 2021 compared to fiscal year 2020, please see Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 1, 2022 filed with the SEC, which is incorporated herein by reference. 

45 

Table of Contents 

 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Our cash and cash equivalents balance at the end of fiscal year 2022 was 198.7 million, including 195.8 million held by foreign subsidiaries outside the U.S., in comparison to 250.8 million at the end of fiscal year 2021, including 199.0 million held by foreign subsidiaries outside the U.S. Historically, our business operations have not required substantial cash during the first several months of our fiscal year. Generally, starting in the third quarter, our cash needs begin to increase, typically reaching a peak in the September-November time frame as we increase inventory levels in advance of the holiday season. Our quarterly cash requirements are also impacted by debt repayments, restructuring charges, strategic investments such as acquisitions, share repurchases and other capital expenditures. 
 At the end of fiscal year 2022, we had working capital of 519.4 million compared to working capital of 487.1 million at the end of the prior fiscal year. The increase in working capital was largely due to a reduction in accounts payable as we normalized vendor payment terms in the current year. At the end of fiscal year 2022, we had 0.3 million of outstanding short-term borrowings and 216.1 million in long-term debt. 
 Operating Activities. Cash (used in) provided by operating activities is net income (loss) adjusted for certain non-cash items and changes in assets and liabilities. The decrease in operating cash flows for fiscal year 2022 compared to fiscal year 2021 was primarily due to a decrease in earnings and an increase in cash used by working capital items in fiscal year 2022. 
 
 Investing Activities. Investing cash flows primarily consist of capital expenditures and are offset by proceeds from the sale of property, plant and equipment. The decrease in investing cash flows in fiscal year 2022 compared to fiscal year 2021 was primarily due to the sale of a foreign office for 10.7 million during fiscal year 2021. 
 Financing Activities. Financing cash flows primarily consist of borrowings and repayments of debt. The increase in financing cash flows in fiscal year 2022 compared to fiscal year 2021 was reflective of our additional debt borrowings. 
 Material Cash Requirements. We have various payment obligations as part of our ordinary course of business. Our material cash requirements include: (1) operating lease obligations (see Note 13 Leases within the Consolidated Financial Statements); (2) debt repayments (see Note 10 Debt within the Consolidated Financial Statements); (3) non-cancellable purchase obligations (see Note 14 Commitments and Contingencies within the Consolidated Financial Statements), (4) minimum royalty payments (see Note 14 Commitments and Contingencies within the Consolidated Financial Statements); and (5) employee wages, benefits, and incentives. The expected timing of payments of our obligations is estimated based on current information. Timing of payments and actual amounts paid may be different, depending on the timing of receipt of goods or services, or changes to agreed-upon amounts for some obligations. In addition, some of our purchasing requirements are not current obligations and are therefore not included above. For example, some of these requirements are not handled through binding contracts or are fulfilled by vendors on a purchase order basis within short time horizons. Moreover, we may be subject to additional material cash requirements that are contingent upon the occurrence of certain events, e.g., legal contingencies, uncertain tax positions (see Note 12 Taxes within the Consolidated Financial Statements), pensions (see Note 16 Employee Benefit Plans within the Consolidate Financial Statements) and other matters. 
 For the fiscal year ending December 30, 2023, we expect total capital expenditures to be between approximately 15 million to 20 million. Our capital expenditure budget is an estimate and is subject to change. 
 Sources of Liquidity. We believe cash flows from operations, combined with existing cash on hand and amounts available under our credit facilities will be sufficient to fund our cash needs for the foreseeable future, not including the maturities of long-term debt. Although we believe we have adequate sources of liquidity in the short-term and long-term, the success of our operations, in light of the market volatility and uncertainty as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, among other factors, could impact our business and liquidity. In the event our liquidity is insufficient, we may be required to limit our spending or sell assets or equity or debt securities. 
 
 The following table shows our sources of liquidity (in millions): 
 Fiscal Year 2022 2021 Cash and cash equivalents 198.7 250.8 Revolver availability 141.2 199.7 Total liquidity 339.9 450.5 
 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 Notes: In November 2021, we sold 150.0 million aggregate principal amount of our 7.00 senior notes due 2026 (the "Notes"), generating net proceeds of approximately 141.7 million. On November 8, 2021, we used the majority of the net proceeds from the Notes offering to repay the 122.0 million of outstanding borrowings under the Term Credit Agreement (as defined below). The remaining net proceeds were used for general corporate purposes. 
 The Notes are our general unsecured obligations. The Notes bear interest at the rate of 7.00 per annum. Interest on the Notes is payable quarterly in arrears on February 28, May 31, August 31 and November 30 of each year. The Notes mature on November 30, 2026. We may redeem the Notes for cash in whole or in part at any time at our option. Prior to November 30, 2023, the redemption price will be 25.00 per 25.00 principal amount of Notes, plus a "make-whole premium plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the date of redemption. On and after November 30, 2023, we may redeem the Notes (i) on or after November 30, 2023 and prior to November 30, 2024, at a price equal to 25.50 per 25.00 principal amount of Notes, (ii) on or after November 30, 2024 and prior to November 30, 2025, at a price equal to 25.25 per 25.00 principal amount of Notes and (iii) on or after November 30, 2025, at a price equal to 25.00 per 25.00 principal amount of Notes, plus (in each case noted above) accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the date of redemption. 
 Term Credit Agreement: On September 26, 2019, we, as borrower, entered into a term credit agreement with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, and the lenders party thereto (as amended to date, the "Term Credit Agreement"). On November 8, 2021, we used the majority of the net proceeds from the Notes offering to repay all of the outstanding borrowings under the Term Credit Agreement. In connection with the repayment of the outstanding borrowings under the Term Credit Agreement, we incurred prepayment fees and accrued interest costs of 2.6 million and wrote off 7.1 million of debt issuance costs and 4.6 million of original issuance discount related to the Term Credit Agreement. 
 Revolving Facility: On September 26, 2019, we and Fossil Partners L.P., as the U.S. borrowers, and Fossil Group Europe GmbH, Fossil Asia Pacific Limited, Fossil (Europe) GmbH, Fossil (UK) Limited and Fossil Canada Inc., as the non-U.S. borrowers, certain other of our subsidiaries from time to time party thereto designated as borrowers, and certain of our subsidiaries from time to time party thereto as guarantors, entered into a secured asset-based revolving credit agreement (as amended from time to time, the "Revolving Facility") with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. as administrative agent (the "ABL Agent"), J.P. Morgan AG, as French collateral agent, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Citizens Bank, N.A. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association as joint bookrunners and joint lead arrangers, and Citizens Bank, N.A. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as co-syndication agents and each of the lenders from time to time party thereto (the "ABL Lenders"). On November 8, 2022 we entered into Amendment No. 4 (the "Amendment to the Revolving Facility. The Amendment, among other things, (i) extends the maturity date of the credit facility to November 8, 2027 (provided, that if we have any indebtedness in an amount in excess of 35 million that matures prior to November 8, 2027, the maturity date of the credit facility shall be the 91st day prior to the maturity date of such other indebtedness) and (ii) changes the calculation methodology of the borrowing base to include the value of certain of our intellectual property in such methodology and to provide for seasonal increases to certain advance rates. 
 The Revolving Facility provides that the ABL Lenders may extend revolving loans in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed 225.0 million at any time outstanding (the Revolving Credit Commitment ), of which up to 125.0 million is available under a U.S. facility, an aggregate of 80.0 million is available under a European facility, 10.0 million is available under a Hong Kong facility, 5.0 million is available under a French facility, and 5.0 million is available under a Canadian facility, in each case, subject to the borrowing base availability limitations described below. The Revolving Facility also includes an up to 45.0 million subfacility for the issuance of letters of credit (the Letters of Credit ). The French facility includes a 1.0 million subfacility for swingline loans, and the European facility includes a 7.0 million subfacility for swingline loans. The Revolving Facility is subject to a line cap equal to the lesser of the total Revolving Credit Commitment and the aggregate borrowing bases under the U.S. facility, the European facility, the Hong Kong facility, the French facility and the Canadian facility. Loans under the Revolving Facility may be made in U.S. dollars, Canadian dollars, euros, Hong Kong dollars or pounds sterling. 
 The Revolving Facility is an asset-based facility, in which borrowing availability is subject to a borrowing base equal to: (a) with respect to us, the sum of (i) the lesser of (x) 90 of the appraised net orderly liquidation value of eligible U.S. finished goods inventory and (y) 65 of the lower of cost or market value of eligible U.S. finished goods inventory, plus (ii) 85 of the eligible U.S. accounts receivable, plus (iii) 90 of eligible U.S. credit card accounts receivable, plus (iv) the lesser of (x) 40 of the appraised net orderly liquidation value of eligible U.S. intellectual property and (y) 20.0 million, minus (y) the aggregate amount of reserves, if any, established by the ABL Agent; (b) with respect to each non-U.S. borrower (except for the French Borrower), the sum of (i) the lesser of (x) 90 of the appraised net orderly liquidation value of eligible foreign finished goods inventory of such non-U.S. borrower and (y) 65 of the lower of cost or market value of eligible foreign finished goods inventory of such non-U.S. borrower, plus (ii) 85 of the eligible foreign accounts receivable of such non-U.S. borrower, minus (iii) the aggregate amount of reserves, if any, established by the ABL Agent; and (c) with respect to the French 
 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 Borrower, (i) 85 of eligible French accounts receivable minus (ii) the aggregate amount of reserves, if any, established by the ABL Agent. Not more than 60 of the aggregate borrowing base under the Revolving Facility may consist of the non-U.S. borrowing bases. 
 The above advance rates (other than the advance rate with respect to intellectual property) are seasonally increased by 5 (e.g. from 90 to 95 during the period commencing on the date of delivery of the borrowing base certificate with respect to the second fiscal month of the Company and ending on the last day of the period covered by the borrowing base certificate delivered with respect to the fifth fiscal month of the Company. 
 Fiscal Year 2022 Activity: We had net borrowings of 73.0 million under the Revolving Facility during fiscal year 2022 at an average interest rate of 3.4 . As of December 31, 2022, we had 150.0 million outstanding under the Notes and 73.0 million outstanding under the Revolving Facility. As of December 31, 2022, we had unamortized debt issuance costs of 6.9 million recorded in long-term debt and 3.1 million recorded in intangible and other assets-net on our consolidated balance sheets. In addition, we had 4.4 million of outstanding standby letters of credit at December 31, 2022. Amounts available under the Revolving Facility are reduced by any amounts outstanding under standby letters of credit. As of December 31, 2022, we had 141.2 million available for borrowing under the Revolving Facility. At December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with all debt covenants related to our debt agreement. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk 
 As a multinational enterprise, we are exposed to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Our most significant foreign currency risk relates to the euro and, to a lesser extent, the Australian dollar, British pound, Canadian dollar, Chinese yuan, Danish krone, Hong Kong dollar, Indian rupee, Japanese yen, South African rand, South Korean won, Malaysian ringgit, Mexican peso, Norwegian kroner, Singapore dollar, Swedish krona and Swiss franc. Due to our dependence on manufacturing operations in China, changes in the value of the Chinese yuan may have a material impact on our supply channels and manufacturing costs, including component and assembly costs. D ue to our vertical nature whereby a significant portion of goods are sourced from our owned entities, we also have foreign currency risk relating to the settlement of intercompany inventory transactions. 
 We employ a variety of operating practices to manage these market risks relative to foreign currency exchange rate changes and, where deemed appropriate, utilize forward contracts. These operating practices include, among others, our ability to convert foreign currency into U.S. dollars at spot rates and to maintain U.S. dollar pricing relative to sales of our products to certain distributors located outside the U.S. The use of forward contracts allows us to offset exposure to rate fluctuations because the gains or losses incurred on the derivative instruments will offset, in whole or in part, losses or gains on the underlying foreign currency exposure. We use derivative instruments only for risk management purposes and do not use them for speculation or for trading. There were no significant changes in how we managed foreign currency transactional exposure in fiscal year 2022 and management does not anticipate any significant changes in such exposures or in the strategies we employ to manage such exposure in the near future. 
 The following table shows our outstanding forward contracts designated as cash flow hedges for intercompany inventory transactions (in millions) at December 31, 2022 and their expiration dates. 
 Functional Currency Contract Currency Type Amount Type Amount Expiring Through Euro 93.0 U.S. dollar 99.9 May 2024 Canadian dollar 50.1 U.S. dollar 38.0 June 2024 Mexican peso 337.6 U.S. dollar 16.5 September 2023 British pound 7.9 U.S. dollar 9.8 June 2024 Japanese yen 1,070.5 U.S. dollar 8.3 June 2024 Australian dollar 9.0 U.S. dollar 6.2 December 2023 U.S. Dollar 12.4 Japanese Yen 1,620.0 November 2023 
 If we were to settle our forward contracts listed in the table above as of December 31, 2022, no gain or loss would have resulted. As of December 31, 2022, a 10 unfavorable change in the U.S. dollar strengthening against foreign currencies to which we have balance sheet transactional exposures would have decreased net pre-tax income by 13.7 million. The 
 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 translation of the balance sheets of our foreign-based operations from their local currencies into U.S. dollars is also sensitive to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. As of December 31, 2022, a 10 unfavorable change in the exchange rate of the U.S. dollar strengthening against the foreign currencies to which we have exposure would have reduced consolidated stockholders' equity by approximately 37.3 million. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 We are subject to interest rate volatility with regard to debt borrowings. Based on our variable-rate debt outstanding as of December 31, 2022, a 100 basis point increase in interest rates would increase annual interest expense by approximately 0.7 million. 
 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 Item 8. Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the stockholders and the Board of Directors of Fossil Group, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Fossil Group, Inc. and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, and the related consolidated statements of income (loss) and comprehensive income (loss), stockholders' equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and the schedule listed in the Index at Item 15 (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated March 9, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Inventories Valuation Refer to Notes 1 and 3 of the financial statements 
 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 
 Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realizable value, including any applicable duty and freight charges. The Company accounts for estimated obsolescence or unmarketable inventory equal to the difference between the average cost of inventory and the estimated net realizable value based upon assumptions about future demand, market conditions and available liquidation channels through the establishment of an inventory excess and obsolescence valuation adjustment. Changes in these assumptions could have a significant impact on the inventory excess and obsolescence valuation adjustment. 
 
 We identified inventory valuation as a critical audit matter because of the significant judgments made by management to estimate future demand, market conditions, and available liquidation channels which are used to arrive at the net realizable value. This required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort when performing audit procedures to evaluate the reasonableness of management s estimates and assumptions within the inventory excess and obsolescence allowance. 
 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 
 Our audit procedures related to the inventory excess and obsolescence allowance included the following, among others: 
 
 We tested the effectiveness of controls over the inventory excess and obsolescence valuation adjustment, specifically the control over the estimation of the net realizable value of inventory. 
 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 We evaluated management s ability to estimate net realizable value by comparing management s estimates to subsequent transactions, taking into account changes in market conditions subsequent to December 31, 2022. 
 We evaluated the method and assumptions used by management to estimate net realizable value by: 
 Testing the underlying data that served as the basis for the assumptions. 
 Evaluating the appropriateness of the inputs to the estimate, including future demand, market conditions, and available liquidation channels. 
 Comparing management s prior-year estimate of demand to actual results for the year. 
 Comparing management s estimate of future demand to historical results and forecasted information included in the Company s press releases, as well as in third-party analyst and industry reports. 
 Comparing actual sales values realized subsequent to the balance sheet date to the recorded amounts, net of the inventory excess and obsolescence allowance. 
 Tested the completeness of the inventory valuation adjustment by: 
 Identifying slow-moving inventory with a turnover of less than one and comparing to management s analysis and investigating the rationale for no adjustment if required. 
 Inquiring of brand management and performing corroborative inquiry about returns, inventory that is under-performing, and anticipated trends based on market reaction and comparing to management s analysis. 
 Comparing inventory sold at a loss or to liquidators to management s analysis. 
 Testing a sample of inventory items to determine if the inventory excess and obsolescence allowance is reasonable through evaluations of historical margin data, obtaining evidence of past or future product orders, and other qualitative factors for each selection. 
 Tested the mathematical accuracy of the inventory excess and obsolescence allowance by recalculating the net realizable value and comparing our recalculation to the recorded balance. 
 Compared management s prior-year estimate of the inventory excess and obsolescence allowance for a sample of inventory items to the recorded sales price to identify potential bias for determination of the inventory excess and obsolescence allowance. 

/s/ 

March 9, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 1988. 
 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 FOSSIL GROUP, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 IN THOUSANDS 
 December 31, 2022 January 1, 2022 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable-net Inventories Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property, plant and equipment-net Operating lease right-of-use assets Intangible and other assets-net Total long-term assets Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable Short-term and current portion of long-term debt Accrued expenses: Current operating lease liabilities Compensation Royalties Customer liabilities Transaction taxes Other Income taxes payable Total current liabilities Long-term income taxes payable Deferred income tax liabilities Long-term debt Long-term operating lease liabilities Other long-term liabilities Total long-term liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 14) Stockholders' equity: Common stock, and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Total Fossil Group, Inc. stockholders' equity Noncontrolling interest ) Total stockholders' equity Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 
 See notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

52 

Table of Contents 

 FOSSIL GROUP, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME (LOSS) AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA 
 Fiscal Year 2022 2021 2020 Net sales Cost of sales Gross profit Operating expenses: Selling, general and administrative expenses Trade name impairments Other long-lived asset impairments Restructuring charges Total operating expenses Operating income (loss) ) ) Interest expense Other income (expense) - net ) ) ) Income (loss) before income taxes ) ) Provision for income taxes ) Net income (loss) ) ) Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest Net income (loss) attributable to Fossil Group, Inc. ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of taxes: Currency translation adjustment ) ) Cash flow hedges - net change ) ) Pension plan activity Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Total comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Less: Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interest Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to Fossil Group, Inc. ) ) Earnings (loss) per share: Basic ) ) Diluted ) ) Weighted average common shares outstanding: Basic Diluted 
 See notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 53 

FOSSIL GROUP, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Treasury Stock Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Stockholders' Equity Attributable to Fossil Group, Inc. Noncontrolling Interest Total Stockholders' Equity Shares Par Value Balance, December 28, 2019 ) Common stock issued upon exercise of stock options and stock appreciation rights ) Acquisition of common stock ) ) ) Retirement of common stock ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Net income (loss) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) Balance, January 2, 2021 ) Common stock issued upon exercise of stock options and stock appreciation rights and restricted stock units ) Acquisition of common stock ) ) ) Retirement of common stock ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Net income (loss) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Balance, January 1, 2022 ) Common stock issued upon exercise of stock options and stock appreciation rights and restricted stock units ) Acquisition of common stock ) ) ) Retirement of common stock ) ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Net income (loss) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Distribution of noncontrolling interest earnings ) ) Balance, December 31, 2022 ) ) 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 54 

FOSSIL GROUP, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS 
 Fiscal Year 2022 2021 2020 Operating Activities: Net income (loss) ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Depreciation, amortization and accretion Non-cash lease expense Stock-based compensation Decrease in allowance for returns and markdowns ) ) ) Gain on disposal of assets ) ) ) Property, plant and equipment and other long-lived asset impairment losses Trade name impairment losses Non-cash restructuring charges Bad debt expense Other non cash items Loss on extinguishment of debt Contingent consideration remeasurement Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) Inventories ) ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) ) Accounts payable ) Accrued expenses ) ) Income taxes ) ) Operating lease liabilities ) ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities ) Investing Activities: Additions to property, plant and equipment ) ) ) Decrease (increase) in intangible and other assets ) Proceeds from the sale of property, plant and equipment Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities ) ) Financing Activities: Acquisition of common stock ) ) ) Distribution of noncontrolling interest earnings ) Debt borrowings Debt payments ) ) ) Debt issuance costs and other ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) ) Cash and cash equivalents, and restricted cash: Beginning of year End of year 
 See notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 55 

Table of Contents 
 
 FOSSIL GROUP, INC. 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

1. 

Sales of the Company's licensed products amounted to , and of the consolidated net sales for fiscal years 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, of which MICHAEL KORS product sales accounted for , and of the consolidated net sales for fiscal years 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and EMPORIO ARMANI product sales accounted for , and of the consolidated net sales for fiscal years 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

56 

Restricted cash included in prepaid expenses and other current assets Restricted cash included in intangible and other assets-net Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 million and million, respectively. 
 million and million, respectively. 
 
 Lease impairment losses of million, million and million were recorded in other long-lived asset impairments in fiscal years 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. lease impairment losses were recorded in restructuring charges in fiscal year 2022, and lease impairment losses of million and million were recorded in restructuring charges in fiscal years 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 years for buildings, generally for machinery and equipment and furniture and fixtures and two to for computer equipment and software. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of the lease term or the asset's estimated useful life. 
 Property, plant and equipment impairment losses of underperforming Company-owned retail stores of million, million and million were recorded in other long-lived asset impairments and impairment losses of million, million and million were recorded in restructuring charges in fiscal years 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 years. Indefinite-lived trade names are evaluated for impairment annually as of the end of the fiscal year. Additionally, if events or conditions were to indicate an intangible asset may not be recoverable, the Company would evaluate the asset for impairment at that time. Impairment testing compares the 
 
 57 

impairment charges were recorded to the MICHELE trade name during fiscal years 2022 or 2021. Pre-tax impairment charges of million were recorded to the MICHELE trade name during fiscal year 2020. The SKAGEN as of December 31, 2022. impairment charges were recorded to the SKAGEN trade name during fiscal years 2022, 2021 or 2020. 

million, million and million for fiscal years 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. These net losses have been included in other income (expense) net in the Company's consolidated statements of income (loss) and comprehensive income (loss). 
 million and million in accrued expenses as of the end of fiscal years 2022 and 2021, respectively. Taxes imposed by governmental authorities on the Company's revenue-producing activities with customers, such as sales taxes and value added taxes, are excluded from net sales. See Note 2 Revenue, for more information regarding the Company's revenue recognition policy. 
 
 See Note 20 Restructuring for additional information on the Company s restructuring plan. The Company recorded million, million and million, during fiscal years 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, related to government assistance and 
 
 58 

Advertising costs were million, million and million for fiscal years 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 See Note 4 Warranty Liabilities, for more information regarding warranties. 
 The Company's R D expenses are recorded in SG A and were million, million and million in fiscal years 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

) Denominator: Basic EPS computation: Basic weighted average common shares outstanding Basic EPS ) ) Diluted EPS computation: Basic weighted average common shares outstanding Diluted weighted average common shares outstanding Diluted EPS ) ) 
 Approximately million, million and million weighted average shares issuable under stock-based awards were not included in the diluted EPS calculation in fiscal years 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, because they were anti-dilutive, including approximately million, and million weighted performance-based shares in fiscal years 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 59 

2. 

60 

. 
 Licensing Income. The Company entered into agreements with certain customers to provide smartwatch technology, design and support. The Company also has an agreement to procure smartwatches for a customer. 
 Disaggregation of Revenue. 
 Smartwatches Total watches Leathers Jewelry Other Consolidated Timing of Revenue Recognition Revenue recognized at a point in time Revenue recognized over time Consolidated 
 
 61 

Smartwatches Total watches Leathers Jewelry Other Consolidated Timing of Revenue Recognition Revenue recognized at a point in time Revenue recognized over time Consolidated 
 Fiscal Year 2020 Americas Europe Asia Corporate Total Product Type Watches: Traditional watches Smartwatches Total watches Leathers Jewelry Other Consolidated Timing of Revenue Recognition Revenue recognized at a point in time Revenue recognized over time Consolidated 
 
 Contract Balances. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had material contract assets on the consolidated balance sheets and deferred contract costs. The Company had contract liabilities of (i) million and million as of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, respectively, related to remaining performance obligations on licensing income, (ii) million and million as of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, respectively, primarily related to remaining performance obligations on wearable technology products and (iii) million and million as of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, respectively, related to gift cards issued. 
 Shipping and Handling Fees. The Company accounts for shipping and handling activities that occur after control of the related good transfers as fulfillment activities instead of assessing such activities as performance obligations. 

62 

3. 
 Work-in-process Finished goods Inventories 
 
 4. 
 
 Settlements in cash or kind ) ) ) Warranties issued and adjustments to preexisting warranties (1) 
 Ending balance 
 ____________________________________________ 
 (1) Changes in cost estimates related to preexisting warranties are aggregated with accruals for new standard warranties issued and foreign currency changes. 

63 

5. 
 Prepaid taxes Current income tax receivable Other receivables Forward contracts Inventory returns Property held for sale Short term deposits Other Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 
 6. 
 Buildings Machinery and equipment Furniture and fixtures Computer equipment and software Leasehold improvements Construction in progress Less accumulated depreciation and amortization Property, plant and equipment-net 
 
 64 

7. 
 
 yrs. 
 Customer lists - yrs. 
 Patents - yrs. 
 Developed technology yrs. 
 Trade name yrs. 
 Other - yrs. 
 Total intangibles-subject to amortization Intangibles-not subject to amortization: Trade names Other assets: Other deposits Deferred tax asset-net Restricted cash Debt issuance costs Other Total other assets Total intangible and other assets Total intangible and other assets-net 
 Amortization expense for intangible assets was million, million, and million for fiscal years 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter 

65 

8. 
 months. The Company enters into forward contracts generally for up to of its forecasted purchases to manage fluctuations in global currencies that will ultimately be used to settle such U.S. dollar denominated inventory purchases. Additionally, the Company enters into forward contracts to manage fluctuations in Japanese yen exchange rates that will be used to settle future third-party inventory component purchases by a U.S. dollar functional currency subsidiary. Forward contracts represent agreements to exchange the currency of one country for the currency of another country at an agreed-upon settlement date and exchange rate. These forward contracts are designated as single cash flow hedges. Fluctuations in exchange rates will either increase or decrease the Company s U.S. dollar equivalent cash flows from these inventory transactions, which will affect the Company s U.S. dollar earnings. Gains or losses on the forward contracts are expected to offset these fluctuations to the extent the cash flows are hedged by the forward contracts. 
 For a derivative instrument that is designated and qualifies as a cash flow hedge, the gain or loss on the derivative is reported as a component of other comprehensive income (loss), net of taxes and reclassified into earnings in the same period or periods during which the hedged transaction affects earnings. 
 U.S. dollar Canadian dollar U.S. dollar Mexican peso U.S. dollar British pound U.S. dollar Japanese yen U.S. dollar Australian dollar U.S. dollar U.S. dollar Japanese Yen 
 Non-designated Hedges. The Company also periodically enters into forward contracts to manage exchange rate risks associated with certain intercompany transactions and for which the Company does not elect hedge accounting treatment. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had non-designated forward contracts of million on million rand associated with a South African rand-denominated foreign subsidiary. As of January 2, 2021, the Company had non-designated forward contracts of million on million rand associated with a South African rand-denominated foreign subsidiary. Changes in the fair value of derivatives not designated as hedging instruments are recognized in earnings when they occur. 
 Total gain (loss) recognized in other comprehensive income (loss), net of taxes 

66 

67 

Forward contracts designated as cash flow hedging instruments Other income (expense)-net Total gain (loss) reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) Forward contracts not designated as hedging instruments Other income (expense)-net Total gain (loss) recognized in income ) 
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets Accrued expenses-other Accrued expenses-other Forward contracts not designated as cash flow hedging instruments Prepaid expenses and other current assets Prepaid expenses and other current assets Accrued expenses-other Accrued expenses-other Forward contracts designated as cash flow hedging instruments Intangible and other assets-net Intangible and other assets-net Other long-term liabilities Other long-term liabilities Total 
 The following table summarizes the effects of the Company's derivative instruments on earnings (in thousands): 
 Effect of Derivative Instruments Fiscal Year 2022 Fiscal Year 2021 Cost of Sales Other Income (Expense)-net Cost of Sales Other Income (Expense)-net Total amounts of income and expense line items presented in the consolidated statements of income (loss) and comprehensive income (loss) in which the effects of cash flow hedges are recorded ) ) Gain (loss) on cash flow hedging relationships: Forward contracts designated as cash flow hedging instruments: 
 Total gain (loss) reclassified from other comprehensive income (loss) 
 ) Forward contracts not designated as cash flow hedging instruments: Total gain (loss) recognized in income 

68 

million is expected to be reclassified into earnings within the next twelve months at prevailing foreign currency exchange rates. 

9. 
 Total Liabilities: Contingent consideration Forward contracts Total 
 The following table presents the fair value hierarchy for those assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of January 1, 2022 (in thousands): 
 Fair Value at January 1, 2022 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Assets: Forward contracts Total Liabilities: Contingent consideration Forward contracts Total 
 The fair values of the Company's forward contracts are based on published quotations of spot currency rates and forward points, which are converted into implied forward currency rates. 
 As of December 31, 2022, debt, excluding unamortized debt issuance costs and capital leases, was recorded at cost and had a carrying value of million and had a fair value of approximately million. The fair value of debt was based on observable market inputs. 
 
 69 

million and property, plant and equipment net with a carrying amount of million related to retail store leasehold improvements, fixturing and shop-in-shops were written down to a fair value of million and million, respectively, resulting in total pre-tax impairment charges of million for fiscal year 2022. 
 The fair values of operating lease right-of-use ("ROU") assets and fixed assets related to retail stores were determined using Level 3 inputs, including forecasted cash flows and discount rates. Of the million impairment expense, million, million and million were recorded in other long-lived asset impairments in the Europe, Americas, and Asia segments, respectively, and million was recorded in restructuring charges in the Europe segment. 
 In fiscal year 2021, operating lease right-of-use assets with a carrying amount of million and property, plant and equipment net with a carrying amount of million related to retail store leasehold improvements, fixturing and shop-in-shops were written down to a fair value of million and million, respectively, resulting in total pre-tax impairment charges of million. Of the million impairment expense, million, million and million were recorded in other long-lived asset impairments in the Americas, Europe and Asia segments, respectively, and million and million were recorded in restructuring charges in Europe and the Americas segments, respectively. 
 trade name impairment was recorded during fiscal year 2022 or fiscal year 2021. 
 
 10. 
 Notes (1) 
 Other international Total debt Less current portion Long-term debt 
 ___________________________________________ 
 (1) Excludes debt issuance costs of million and million at December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, respectively. 
 
 U.S.-Based. On September 26, 2019, the Company and Fossil Partners L.P., as the U.S. borrowers, and Fossil Group Europe GmbH, Fossil Asia Pacific Limited, Fossil (Europe) GmbH, Fossil (UK) Limited and Fossil Canada Inc., as the non-U.S. borrowers, certain other subsidiaries of the Company from time to time party thereto designated as borrowers, and certain subsidiaries of the Company from time to time party thereto as guarantors, entered into a million secured asset-based revolving credit agreement (the "Revolving Facility') with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. as administrative agent (the "ABL Agent"), J.P. Morgan AG, as French collateral agent, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Citizens Bank, N.A. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association as joint bookrunners and joint lead arrangers, and Citizens Bank, N.A. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as co-syndication agents and each of the lenders from time to time party thereto (the "ABL Lenders"). On November 8, 2022 the Company entered into Amendment No. 4 (the "Amendment to the Revolving Facility. The Amendment, among other things, (i) extends the maturity date of the credit facility to November 8, 2027 (provided, that if the Company has any indebtedness in an amount in excess of million that matures prior to November 8, 2027, the maturity date of the credit facility shall be the 91st day prior to the maturity date of such other indebtedness) and (ii) changes the calculation methodology of the borrowing base to include the value of certain of the Company s intellectual property in such methodology and to provide for seasonal increases to certain advance rates. In addition, on September 26, 2019, the Company, as borrower, entered into a term credit agreement (the "Term Credit Agreement"). 
 In November 2021, the Company sold million aggregate principal amount of senior notes due 2026 (the "Notes"), generating net proceeds of approximately million. The Notes were issued pursuant to an indenture (the "Base Indenture") and a first supplemental indenture (the "First Supplemental Indenture" and, together with the Base Indenture, the "Indenture") with The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (the "Trustee"). 
 
 70 

per annum. Interest on the Notes is payable quarterly in arrears on February 28, May 31, August 31 and November 30 of each year. The Notes mature on November 30, 2026. 
 The Company may redeem the Notes for cash in whole or in part at any time at its option. Prior to November 30, 2023, the redemption price will be per principal amount of Notes, plus a "make-whole premium consisting of the greater of (1) of the principal amount of the Note and (2) the excess of (a) the present value at such redemption date of (i) the redemption price of the Note at November 30, 2023 plus (ii) all required interest payments due on the Note through November 30, 2023 (excluding accrued but unpaid interest to the redemption date), computed using a discount rate equal to the Treasury Rate as of such redemption date plus basis points discounted to the redemption date on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360- day year consisting of twelve 30-day months), over (b) the principal amount of the Note, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the date of redemption. On and after November 30, 2023, the Company may redeem the Notes (i) on or after November 30, 2023 and prior to November 30, 2024, at a price equal to per principal amount of Notes, (ii) on or after November 30, 2024 and prior to November 30, 2025, at a price equal to per principal amount of Notes and (iii) on or after November 30, 2025, at a price equal to per principal amount of Notes, plus (in each case noted above) accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the date of redemption. 
 The Indenture contains customary events of default and cure provisions. If an event of default (other than an event of default of the type described in the following sentence) occurs and is continuing with respect to the Notes, the Trustee may, and at the direction of the registered holders of at least in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of the Notes shall, declare the principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest, premium and additional amounts, if any, on the Notes to be due and payable immediately. If an event of default relating to certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization of the Company occurs, the principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest, and premium, if any, on the Notes will become immediately due and payable without any action on the part of the Trustee or any holder of the Notes. 
 On November 8, 2021, the Company used the majority of the net proceeds from the Notes offering to repay the outstanding borrowings under the Term Credit Agreement. In connection with the repayment of the outstanding borrowings under the Term Credit Agreement, the Company incurred prepayment fees and accrued interest costs of million and wrote off million of debt issuance costs and million of original issuance discount related to the Term Credit Agreement. The remaining net proceeds were used for general corporate purposes. 
 The Revolving Facility provides that the ABL Lenders may extend revolving loans in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed million at any time outstanding (the Revolving Credit Commitment ), of which up to million is available under a U.S. facility, an aggregate of million is available under a European facility, million is available under a Hong Kong facility, million is available under a French facility, and million is available under a Canadian facility, in each case, subject to the borrowing base availability limitations described below. The Revolving Facility also includes an up to million subfacility for the issuance of letters of credit (the Letters of Credit ). The Revolving Facility expires and is due and payable on November 8, 2027 (provided, that if the Company has any indebtedness in an amount in excess of million that matures prior to November 8, 2027, the maturity date of the Revolving Facility shall be the 91st day prior to the maturity date of such other indebtedness). The French facility includes a million subfacility for swingline loans, and the European facility includes a million subfacility for swingline loans. The Revolving Facility is subject to a line cap equal to the lesser of the total Revolving Credit Commitment and the aggregate borrowing bases under the U.S. facility, the European facility, the Hong Kong facility, the French facility and the Canadian facility. Loans under the Revolving Facility may be made in U.S. dollars, Canadian dollars, euros, Hong Kong dollars or pounds sterling. 
 The Revolving Facility is an asset-based facility, in which borrowing availability is subject to a borrowing base equal to: (a) with respect to the Company, the sum of (i) the lesser of (x) of the appraised net orderly liquidation value of eligible U.S. finished goods inventory and (y) of the lower of cost or market value of eligible U.S. finished goods inventory, plus (ii) of the eligible U.S. accounts receivable, plus (iii) of eligible U.S. credit card accounts receivable, plus (iv) the lesser of (x) of the appraised net orderly liquidation value of eligible U.S. intellectual property and (y) million, minus (iv) the aggregate amount of reserves, if any, established by the ABL Agent; (b) with respect to each non-U.S. borrower (except for the French Borrower), the sum of (i) the lesser of (x) of the appraised net orderly liquidation value of eligible 
 
 71 

of the lower of cost or market value of eligible foreign finished goods inventory of such non-U.S. borrower, plus (ii) of the eligible foreign accounts receivable of such non-U.S. borrower, minus (iii) the aggregate amount of reserves, if any, established by the ABL Agent; and (c) with respect to the French Borrower, (i) of eligible French accounts receivable minus (ii) the aggregate amount of reserves, if any, established by the ABL Agent. Not more than of the aggregate borrowing base under the Revolving Facility may consist of the non-U.S. borrowing bases. The above advance rates (other than the advance rates with respect to intellectual property) are seasonally increased by (e.g. from to during the period commencing on the date of delivery of the borrowing base certificate with respect to the second fiscal month of the Company and ending on the last day of the period covered by the borrowing base certificate delivered with respect to the fifth fiscal month of the Company. 
 The Revolving Facility also includes a commitment fee, payable quarterly in arrears, of or determined by reference to the average daily unused portion of the overall commitment under the Revolving Facility. The ABL Borrowers will pay the ABL Agent, on the account of the issuing ABL Lenders, an issuance fee of for any issued Letters of Credit. 
 The ABL Borrowers have the right to request an increase to the commitments under the Revolving Facility or any subfacility in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed million in increments no less than million, subject to certain terms and conditions as defined in the Revolving Facility. 
 The Revolving Facility is secured by guarantees by the Company and certain of its domestic subsidiaries. Additionally, the Company and such subsidiaries have granted liens on all or substantially all of their assets in order to secure the obligations under the Revolving Facility. In addition, the Swiss Borrower, the Hong Kong Borrower, the French Borrower, the German Borrower and the Canadian Borrower, and the other non-U.S. borrowers from time to time party to the Revolving Facility are required to enter into security instruments with respect to all or substantially all of their assets that can be pledged under applicable local law, and certain of their respective subsidiaries may guarantee the respective non-U.S. obligations under the Revolving Facility. 
 The Revolving Facility contains customary affirmative and negative covenants and events of default, such as compliance with annual audited and quarterly unaudited financial statements disclosures. Upon an event of default, the ABL Agent will have the right to declare the revolving loans and other obligations outstanding immediately due and payable and all commitments immediately terminated or reduced, subject to cure periods and grace periods set forth in the Revolving Facility. 
 The Company had net borrowings of million under the Revolving Facility during fiscal year 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had available borrowing capacity of approximately million under the Revolving Facility. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had unamortized debt issuance costs of million recorded in long-term debt and million recorded in intangible and other assets-net on the Company's consolidated balance sheets. The Company incurred approximately million and million of interest expense under the Notes and Revolving Facility, respectively, during fiscal year 2022. The Company incurred approximately million of interest expense related to the amortization of debt issuance costs during fiscal year 2022. At December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with all debt covenants related to its debt agreement and related amendments. 
 Foreign-Based. Fossil South Africa entered into a million South African rand short-term note with First National Bank (the "Fossil South Africa Note") that is used for working capital purposes. The Fossil South Africa Note bears interest at the bank's prime rate, which was as of year end 2022, plus . The Fossil South Africa note is reviewed annually for renewal. South African rand-based borrowings, in U.S. dollars, under the Fossil South Africa Note were approximately million as of December 31, 2022 . 
 
 72 

Year 2 Year 3 Year 4 Year 5 Principal amounts repayable Debt issuance costs ) Total debt outstanding 

11. 
 
 Contingent consideration remeasurement ) ) ) Equity in losses of unconsolidated investment ) ) ) Extinguishment of debt ) ) Net currency (losses) gains ) ) ) Other net gains Other income (expense) - net ) ) ) 
 
 73 

12. 
 
 Compensation Property, plant and equipment Trade names and customer lists Goodwill Foreign accruals Loss carryforwards Tax credit carryforwards Capitalized research and development Interest disallowance Lease liabilities Other Deferred income tax assets total Deferred income tax liabilities: Right-of-use assets ) ) Other ) ) Deferred income tax liabilities total ) ) Valuation allowance ) ) Net deferred income tax assets Net deferred income tax assets Net deferred income tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred income tax assets 
 
 74 

million of deferred tax assets for net operating losses of foreign subsidiaries. 
 Expires 2028 through 2032 Expires 2033 through 2037 Expires 2038 through 2042 Indefinite Total loss carryforwards 
 At December 31, 2022, the consolidated balance sheets included million of deferred tax assets for state income tax net operating losses. 
 Expires 2028 through 2032 Expires 2033 through 2037 Expires 2038 through 2042 Indefinite Total loss carryforwards 
 At December 31, 2022, the consolidated balance sheets included million of deferred tax assets for federal income tax net operating losses. In the U.S., federal income tax net operating losses can be carried forward indefinitely, but are limited to of taxable income.) ) ) Non-U.S. ) Total ) ) 
 
 75 

) Non-U.S State and local ) ) ) Total current ) Deferred provision (benefit): U.S. federal Non-U.S State and local Total deferred Provision for income taxes ) 
 
 Permanent differences ) ) ) State, net of federal tax benefit ) ) Foreign rate differential ) Withholding taxes ) ) GILTI tax-net of foreign tax credits U.S. tax on foreign income-net of foreign tax credits Income tax contingencies ) Valuation allowances ) ) R D/Foreign Tax Credits ) Deficiencies (Benefits) on employee stock awards ) ) ) APB23 Assertion ) Return to provision true-up Non deductible foreign equity awards ) ) Non deductible officer compensation ) CARES Act Rate Benefit Foreign currency hedges Adjustments related to intercompany ) Other ) ) Provision for income taxes ) 
 The fiscal year 2022 effective tax rate was negatively impacted by the low level of pre-tax earnings and increased valuation allowances on U.S. and foreign NOLs and other deferred tax assets. 
 
 The Company records a valuation allowance against its deferred tax assets when recovery of those amounts on a jurisdictional basis is not more likely than not. The Company's U.S. valuation allowance analysis was increased by million and the foreign valuation allowance on NOL's and deferred tax assets was increased by million as compared to January 1, 
 
 76 

million at December 31, 2022 was comprised of million and million attributable to the U.S. and foreign operations, respectively. 
 
 The Company will not indefinitely reinvest million of previously taxed and undistributed earnings and profits of its foreign subsidiaries as of December 31, 2022. Since there will be no additional federal income tax when these amounts are repatriated, the Company has only accrued tax on foreign exchange gains with an offsetting valuation allowance. Deferred U.S. federal and state income taxes and foreign taxes are not recorded on the remaining million of undistributed earnings and profits of foreign subsidiaries where management plans to continue reinvesting these earnings outside the U.S. As the majority of these earnings have previously been taxed in the U.S., the distribution of the earnings considered indefinitely reinvested would generally be subject only to local country withholding and U.S. state income taxes when distributed, the amount of which is not material. 
 
 The total amount of unrecognized tax benefits, excluding interest and penalties that would favorably impact the effective tax rate in future periods if recognized, was million, million and million for fiscal years 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The Company filed amended income tax returns for 2014 and 2015 under the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act which included a provision for the carryback of U.S. NOLs. The IRS is reviewing the Company s 2019 and 2020 U.S. tax returns and resulting net operating losses as well as the tax returns for 2014 and 2015 which are the carryback years. The Company has received the income tax refund for the 2019 U.S. tax NOL carryback and expects to receive the refund for the 2020 U.S. tax NOL carryback in late 2023 or early 2024. Fiscal years 2014-2021 remain open for federal income tax examination. The Company is also subject to examinations in various state and foreign jurisdictions for its 2013-2021 tax years, none of which the Company believes are significant, individually or in the aggregate. Tax audit outcomes and timing of tax audit settlements are subject to significant uncertainty. 
 
 The Company has classified uncertain tax positions as long-term income taxes payable unless such amounts are expected to be paid within twelve months from December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had recorded million of unrecognized tax benefits, excluding interest and penalties, for positions that could be settled or not assessed within the next twelve months. Consistent with its past practice, the Company recognizes interest and/or penalties related to income tax overpayments and income tax underpayments in income tax expense and income taxes receivable/payable, respectively. The total amount of accrued income tax-related interest in the Company's consolidated balance sheets was million and million at December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, respectively. The Company accrued income tax-related penalties in the Company's consolidated balance sheets at December 31, 2022. The Company accrued income tax-related interest expense of million, million and million in fiscal years 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Gross increases tax positions in prior years Gross decreases tax positions in prior years ) ) ) Gross increases tax positions in current year Settlements ) ) Lapse in statute of limitations ) ) ) Change due to currency revaluation ) ) Balance at end of year 

13. 

77 

or more options to renew at the Company's discretion, with renewal terms that can extend the lease from one to ten additional years. The renewal options are not included in the measurement of ROU assets and ROU liabilities unless the Company is reasonably certain to exercise the optional renewal periods. Short-term leases are leases having a term of twelve months or less at inception. The Company does not record a related lease asset or liability for short-term leases. The Company has certain leases containing lease and non-lease components which are accounted for as a single lease component. The Company has certain lease agreements where lease payments are based on a percentage of retail sales over contractual levels and others include rental payments adjusted periodically for inflation. The variable portion of these lease payments is not included in the Company's lease liabilities. The Company's lease agreements do not contain any significant restrictions or covenants other than those that are customary in such arrangements. 
 Short-term lease cost SG A Variable lease cost SG A 
 _______________________________________________ 
 
 (1) Includes sublease income, which was immaterial. 
 
 The following table discloses supplemental balance sheet information for the Company s leases (in thousands): 
 Leases Consolidated Balance Sheets Location December 31, 2022 January 1, 2022 Assets Operating Operating lease ROU assets Liabilities Current: Operating Current operating lease liabilities Noncurrent: Operating Long-term operating lease liabilities 
 
 The following table discloses the weighted-average remaining lease term and weighted-average discount rate for the Company's leases: 
 Lease Term and Discount Rate December 31, 2022 January 1, 2022 Weighted-average remaining lease term: Operating leases years years Weighted-average discount rate: Operating leases 

78 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: Interest Total lease obligations 
 
 Leased assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company did not have any material operating or finance leases that have been signed but not commenced. 

14. 
 million, million and million in fiscal years 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. These amounts are included in the Company's cost of sales or, if advertising-related, in SG A. These license agreements have expiration dates between fiscal years 2023 and 2027 and require the Company to pay royalties ranging from to of defined net sales. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Total 
 These minimum royalty commitments do not include amounts owed under these license agreements for obligations of the Company to pay the licensors a percentage of net sales of these licensed products. 
 
 79 

million that consisted primarily of open non-cancelable purchase orders. 
 Asset Retirement Obligations. ASC 410, Asset Retirement and Environmental Obligations requires (i) that the fair value of a liability for an asset retirement obligation be recognized in the period in which it is incurred if a reasonable estimate of fair value can be made and (ii) that the associated asset retirement costs be capitalized as part of the carrying amount of the long-lived asset. The Company's asset retirement obligations relate to costs associated with the retirement of leasehold improvements under office leases and retail store leases within the Americas, Europe and Asia segments. 
 Additions and changes in estimate Liabilities settled during the period ) ) Accretion expense Currency translation ) ) Ending asset retirement obligations 
 
 Litigation. The Company is occasionally subject to litigation or other legal proceedings in the normal course of its business. In addition, from time to time, the Company receives communications from government or regulatory agencies concerning investigations or allegations of noncompliance with laws or regulations in jurisdictions in which the Company operates. The Company does not believe the outcome of any currently pending legal matters, individually or collectively, will have a material effect on the business or financial condition of the Company. 

15. 
 shares of common stock, par value per share, authorized, with and shares issued and outstanding at fiscal year-end 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company has shares of preferred stock, par value per share, authorized, with issued or outstanding at fiscal year-end 2022 and 2021. Rights, preferences and other terms of preferred stock will be determined by the Board of Directors at the time of issuance. 
 Common Stock Repurchase Programs. Purchases of the Company's common stock have been made from time to time pursuant to its repurchase programs, subject to market conditions and at prevailing market prices, through the open market. Repurchased shares of common stock are recorded at cost and become authorized but unissued shares which may be issued in the future for general corporate or other purposes. In the event the repurchased shares are canceled, the Company accounts for retirements by allocating the repurchase price to common stock, additional paid in capital and retained earnings. The repurchase price allocation is based upon the equity contribution associated with historical issuances. The repurchase programs have been conducted pursuant to Rule 10b 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 In August 2010, the Board of Directors approved a common stock repurchase program pursuant to which up to million could be used to repurchase outstanding shares of our common stock. The million repurchase program has no termination date. During fiscal year 2022, the Company effectively retired million shares of common stock repurchased under its repurchase programs. The effective retirement of repurchased common stock decreased common stock by , additional paid-in capital by million, retained earnings by million and treasury stock by million. At December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, all treasury stock had been effectively retired. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had million of repurchase authorizations remaining under its repurchase plan. 

80 

16. 
 million, million and million for fiscal years 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The Company also has the right to make additional matching contributions not to exceed of employee compensation. The Company did t make any additional matching contributions during fiscal years 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 Stock-Based Compensation Plans. The Company s grants under its current stock-based compensation plans generally include: (i) stock options, restricted stock units, and performance restricted stock units for its international employees, (ii) restricted stock units for its nonemployee directors, and (iii) stock appreciation rights, performance stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units, and performance restricted stock units for its U.S.-based employees. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had approximately million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested share-based compensation arrangements granted under the Company's stock-based compensation plans. This cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. All time-based or performance-based stock appreciation rights and restricted stock units are settled in shares of the Company's common stock. 
 Long-Term Incentive Plans. An aggregate of shares of the Company's common stock were reserved for issuance pursuant to the Company's 2016 Long-Term Incentive Plan ("2016 Plan"), adopted in March 2016. Pursuant to the First Amendment to the Company s 2016 Long-Term Incentive Plan, which was approved by our stockholders on May 23, 2018, the number of shares of the Company s common stock authorized for issuance under the Company s 2016 Plan was increased from to , such additional shares consisting of (i) additional shares of common stock and (ii) up to shares of common stock subject to awards under the Company s 2008 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the 2008 Plan that were outstanding on March 31, 2018 and, on or after March 31, 2018, are forfeited, expire or are canceled. 
 Under the 2016 Plan, designated employees of the Company, including officers, certain contractors, and non-employee directors of the Company, are eligible to receive (i) stock options, (ii) stock appreciation rights, (iii) restricted or non-restricted stock awards, (iv) restricted stock units, (v) performance awards, (vi) cash awards, or (vii) any combination of the foregoing. The 2016 Plan is administered by the Compensation Committee of the Company's Board of Directors (the "Compensation Committee"). Each award issued under the 2016 Plan terminates at the time designated by the Compensation Committee, not to exceed . The current outstanding stock options, stock appreciation rights, performance stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units and performance restricted stock units issued under the 2016 Plan predominantly have original vesting periods of . Time-based or performance-based stock appreciation rights and restricted stock units are predominately settled in shares of the Company's common stock. On the date of the Company s annual stockholders meeting, each non-employee director automatically receives restricted stock units which vest on the earlier of one year from the date of grant or the date of the Company's next annual stockholders meeting, provided such director is providing services to the Company or a subsidiary of the Company on that date. Beginning with the grant in fiscal year 2021, non-employee directors may elect to defer receipt of all or a portion of the restricted stock units settled in common stock of the Company upon the vesting date. In addition, beginning in fiscal year 2021, non-employee directors may defer the cash portion of their annual fees. Each participant may also elect to have the cash portion of his or her annual fees for each calendar year treated as if invested in units of common stock of the Company. 
 Stock Appreciation Rights. The fair value of stock appreciation rights granted under the Company's stock-based compensation plans were estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. 
 Expected stock price volatility is based on the historical volatility of the Company s common stock. The risk free interest rate is based on the implied yield available on U.S. Treasury securities with an equivalent remaining term. The Company did not issue stock options, stock appreciation rights and performance stock appreciation rights in fiscal years 2022, 2021 and 2020. 

81 

Granted Exercised Forfeited or expired ) Outstanding at January 2, 2021 Granted Exercised Forfeited or expired ) Outstanding at January 1, 2022 Granted Exercised Forfeited or expired ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 Exercisable at December 31, 2022 
 The aggregate intrinsic value in the table above is before income taxes and is based on the exercise price for outstanding and exercisable options/rights at December 31, 2022 and based on the fair market value of the Company's common stock on the exercise date for options/rights that were exercised during the fiscal year. 
 Stock Appreciation Rights Outstanding and Exercisable. 
 
 - 
 Total 

82 

Table of Contents 
 FOSSIL GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Nonvested at January 2, 2021 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Nonvested at January 1, 2022 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Nonvested at December 31, 2022 
 The total fair value of shares/units vested during fiscal years 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. 
 Other Retirement Plans. The Company maintains a defined benefit plan for its employees located in Switzerland. The plan is funded through payments to an insurance company. The payments are determined by periodic actuarial calculations. During fiscal years 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company recorded pension gains (expenses) of million, million and million, respectively, related to this plan. The liability for the Company's defined benefit plan was million and million at the end of fiscal years 2022 and 2021, respectively. This liability is recorded in other long-term liabilities on the Company's consolidated balance sheets. 
 Under French law, the Company is required to maintain a defined benefit plan for its employees located in France, which is referred to as a "retirement indemnity." The amount of the retirement indemnity is based on the employee's last salary and duration of employment with the Company. The employee's right to receive the retirement indemnity is subject to the employee remaining with the Company until retirement. During fiscal years 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company recorded pension gains (expenses) of ), million and million, respectively, for its retirement indemnity obligations. The liability for the Company's retirement indemnity was million at the end of both fiscal years 2022 and 2021. This liability is recorded in other long-term liabilities on the Company's consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 17. 
 Income taxes, net of refunds ) Supplemental disclosures of non-cash investing and financing activities: Additions to property, plant and equipment included in accounts payable Additions to property, plant and equipment acquired under finance leases 

83 

Table of Contents 
 FOSSIL GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 18.) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) Tax (expense) benefit ) Amounts reclassed from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Tax (expense) benefit Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Ending balance ) ) 
 January 1, 2022 Cash Flow Hedges Currency Translation Adjustments Forward Contracts Pension Plan Total Beginning balance ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) ) Tax (expense) benefit ) ) Amounts reclassed from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Tax (expense) benefit Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Ending balance ) ) 
 January 2, 2021 Cash Flow Hedges Currency Translation Adjustments Forward Contracts Pension Plan Total Beginning balance ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications Tax (expense) benefit ) ) ) Amounts reclassed from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Tax (expense) benefit ) ) Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) Ending balance ) ) 

84 

Table of Contents 
 FOSSIL GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 19. 
 Europe Asia Corporate ) Consolidated ) 
 Fiscal Year 2021 Net Sales Operating Income (Loss) Depreciation and Amortization Long-term Assets Total Assets Americas Europe Asia Corporate ) Consolidated 
 
 85 

Table of Contents 
 FOSSIL GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Europe Asia Corporate ) Consolidated ) 
 Smartwatches Total watches Leathers Jewelry Other Total 
 Geographic Information 
 Europe (2) 
 Asia (3) 
 All other international Consolidated 
 Fiscal Year 2021 Net Sales (1) 
 Long-term Assets United States Europe (2) 
 Asia (3) 
 All other international Consolidated 
 
 86 

Table of Contents 
 FOSSIL GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Europe (2) 
 Asia (3) 
 All other international Consolidated 
 _______________________________________________________________________________ 
 (1) Net sales are based on the location of the selling entity (including exports). 
 (2) Net sales from Germany (including exports) accounted for more than 10 of the Company's consolidated net sales and were approximately million, million and million in fiscal years 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 (3) Net sales from China (including Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan and exports) accounted for more than 10 of the Company's consolidated net sales and were approximately million, million and million in fiscal years 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 20. 
 period and is intended to generate estimated annualized benefits of at least million by the end of 2024. The TAG Plan includes a reduction of the Company s current global workforce in 2023 by approximately percent, which includes employee reductions resulting from store closures. The Company estimates approximately million to million in charges in connection with the TAG Plan, which are expected to be incurred during fiscal 2023. 
 Professional services Severance and employee-related benefits Total 
 
 87 

Table of Contents 

88 

Table of Contents 

 Professional services Severance and employee-related benefits Total 

Fiscal Year 2020 Liabilities Cash Payments Non-cash Items Liabilities December 28, 2019 Charges January 2, 2021 Store closures Professional services Severance and employee-related benefits Total 

Europe Asia Corporate Consolidated 

89 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our "disclosure controls and procedures" ("Disclosure Controls"), as defined by Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act as of December 31, 2022, the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The Disclosure Controls evaluation was done under the supervision and with the participation of management, including our CEO and CFO. There are inherent limitations to the effectiveness of any system of disclosure controls and procedures. Accordingly, even effective disclosure controls and procedures can only provide reasonable assurance of achieving their control objectives. 
 Based upon this evaluation, our CEO and CFO have concluded that our Disclosure Controls were effective at the reasonable assurance level as of December 31, 2022. 
 Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. The Company's internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the consolidated financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate over time. 
 Management, including our CEO and our CFO, assessed the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) . Based on its assessment and those criteria, management has concluded that the Company maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 
 Deloitte Touche LLP, the independent registered public accounting firm that audited the Company's consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, has issued an attestation report on the Company's internal control over financial reporting, which is included herein. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

90 

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the stockholders and the Board of Directors of Fossil Group, Inc. 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Fossil Group, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, of the Company and our report, dated March 9, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

/s/ Deloitte Touche LLP 
 
 Dallas, Texas 
 March 9, 2023 
 
 91 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9B. Other Information 
 None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 Not applicable. 
 
 PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 The information under the headings "Directors and Nominees," "Executive Officers," "Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports" and "Board Committees and Meetings" in our proxy statement to be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A, not later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this report, is incorporated herein by reference. 
 We have adopted a code of ethics that applies to all our directors and employees, including the principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer and controller. The full text of our Code of Conduct and Ethics is published on the Investors section of our website at www.fossilgroup.com . We intend to disclose any future amendments to certain provisions of the Code of Conduct and Ethics, or waivers of such provisions granted to executive officers and directors, on this website within five business days following the date of any such amendment or waiver. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 The information required in response to this Item is incorporated herein by reference to our proxy statement to be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A, not later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this report. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 The information required in response to this Item is incorporated herein by reference to our proxy statement to be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A, not later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this report. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 The information required in response to this Item is incorporated herein by reference to our proxy statement to be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A, not later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this report. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 The information required in response to this Item is incorporated herein by reference to our proxy statement to be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A, not later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this report. 
 
 92 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Consolidated Financial Statement Schedules 
 (a) Documents filed as part of Report. 
 Page 1. 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 
 50 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 52 
 Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss) and Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 53 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity 
 54 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 55 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 56 
 2. 
 Consolidated Financial Statement Schedule: See "Schedule II" 
 93 
 3. 
 Exhibits required to be filed by Item 601 of Regulation S-K 
 94 
 
 The exhibits required to be filed by this Item 15 are set forth in the Exhibit Index accompanying this report. 

93 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 March 9, 2023 FOSSIL GROUP, INC. /s/ KOSTA N. KARTSOTIS Kosta N. Kartsotis, 
 Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 ________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________ 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Signature Capacity Date /s/ KOSTA N. KARTSOTIS Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) March 9, 2023 Kosta N. Kartsotis /s/ SUNIL M. DOSHI Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) March 9, 2023 Sunil M. Doshi /s/ MARK R. BELGYA Director March 9, 2023 Mark R. Belgya /s/ WILLIAM B. CHIASSON Director March 9, 2023 William B. Chiasson /s/ SUZANNE M. COULTER Director March 9, 2023 Suzanne M. Coulter /s/ KIM HARRIS JONES Director March 9, 2023 Kim Harris Jones /s/ KEVIN MANSELL Director March 9, 2023 Kevin Mansell /s/ MARC R. Y. REY Director March 9, 2023 Marc R. Y. Rey /s/ GAIL B. TIFFORD Director March 9, 2023 Gail B. Tifford 
 
 94 

Table of Contents 

 Markdowns Sales returns Deferred tax asset valuation allowance ) Fiscal Year 2021: Account receivable allowances: Bad debts Markdowns Sales returns Deferred tax asset valuation allowance ) Fiscal Year 2022: Account receivable allowances: Bad debts Markdowns Sales returns Deferred tax asset valuation allowance 

95 

EXHIBIT INDEX 
 Exhibit Number Description 3.1 Third Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Fossil Group, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 25, 2010). 
 3.2 Certificate of Amendment of the Third Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Fossil, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 28, 2013). 
 3.3 Fifth Amended and Restated Bylaws of Fossil Group, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 3, 2017). 
 4.1 The description of Fossil Group, Inc. s Common Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 27, 2020). 
 4.2 Indenture, dated as of November 8, 2021, by and between Fossil Group, Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee. 
 4.3 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 8, 2021, by and between Fossil Group, Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee. 
 4.4 Form of 7.00 Senior Notes due 2026 (included in Exhibit 4.2). 
 10.1 (2) Fossil Group, Inc. Savings and Retirement Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 2, 2018). 
 10.2 (2) Fossil Group, Inc. 2008 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 23, 2008). 
 10.3 Master License Agreement dated as of August 30, 1994, by and between Fossil Group, Inc. and Fossil Partners, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 2, 2011). 
 10.4 Agreement of Limited Partnership of Fossil Partners, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 2, 2011). 
 10.5 (2) Form of Executive Severance Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 8, 2016). 
 10.6 (2) Fossil Group, Inc. 2016 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.27 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 1, 2017). 
 10.7 (2) First Amendment to the Fossil Group, Inc. 2016 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed August 9, 2018). 
 10.8 Credit Agreement, dated as of September 26, 2019, by and among Fossil Group, Inc., Fossil Partners, L.P., Fossil Group Europe GmbH, Fossil Asia Pacific Limited, Fossil (Europe) GmbH, Fossil (UK) Limited, Fossil Canada Inc. and certain lenders party thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent and an issuing lender, J.P. Morgan AG, as French collateral agent, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Citizens Bank, N.A. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as joint bookrunners and joint lead arrangers and Citizens Bank, N.A. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as co-syndication agents (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 1, 2019). 
 10.9 Amendment No. 2 to the Credit Agreement, dated as of April 24, 2020, by and among Fossil Group, Inc., Fossil Partners, L.P., Fossil Group Europe GmbH, Fossil Asia Pacific Limited, Fossil (Europe) GmbH, Fossil (UK) Limited, Fossil Canada Inc., Fossil France S.A., the lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 27, 2020). 
 10.10 (2) Fossil Group, Inc. 2020 Cash Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 3, 2020). 
 10.11 (2) Fossil Group, Inc. 2021 Deferred Plan for Director Fees 
 10.12 (2) Performance Restricted Stock Unit Award Under the Fossil Group, Inc. 2016 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 13, 2021). 
 10.13 (2) Restricted Stock Unit Award Under the Fossil Group, Inc. 2016 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 13, 2021). 
 10.14 (2) Restricted Stock Unit Award for Outside Directors Under the Fossil Group, Inc. 2016 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 13, 2021). 
 
 Exhibit Number Description 10.15 Amendment No. 4, dated as of November 8, 2022, among Fossil Group, Inc., Fossil Partners, L.P., Fossil Intermediate, Inc., Fossil Stores I, Inc., Fossil Trust, Fossil Group GmbH, Fossil Asia Pacific Limited, Fossil (Europe) GmbH, Fossil (UK) Limited, Fossil Canada Inc., Fossil France SAS, Fossil Stores France SAS, FAST Europe SARL, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, and the other agents and lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 10, 2022). 
 10.16 (2) Performance Restricted Stock Unit Award Under the Fossil Group, Inc. 2016 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 12, 2022) 
 10.17 (2) Restricted Stock Unit Award Under the Fossil Group, Inc. 2016 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 12, 2022) 
 10.18 (1)(2) Amendment No. 1 to the Fossil Group, Inc. 2020 Cash Incentive Plan 
 21.1 (1) Subsidiaries of Fossil Group, Inc. 
 23.1 (1) Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 31.1 (1) Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 (1) Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 (3) Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 (3) Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS (1) Inline XBRL Instance Document. 101.SCH (1) Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.DEF (1) Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.CAL (1) Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.LAB (1) Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE (1) Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 
 ________________________________________________________________________ 
 (1) Filed herewith. 
 (2) Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 (3) Furnished herewith. 

<EX-10.18>
 2
 fosl-20221231ex1018.htm
 EX-10.18

Document 

Exhibit 10.18 
 
 AMENDMENT NUMBER ONE TO THE 
 FOSSIL GROUP, INC. 2020 CASH INCENTIVE PLAN 
 
 This AMENDMENT NUMBER ONE TO THE FOSSIL GROUP, INC. 2020 CASH INCENTIVE PLAN (this Amendment ), dated as of January 1, 2023, is made and entered into by Fossil Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ). Terms used in this Amendment with initial capital letters that are not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Fossil Group, Inc. 2020 Cash Incentive Plan (the Plan ). 

RECITALS 
 
 WHEREAS , Article VIII of the Plan provides that the Compensation Committee (the Committee of the Company s Board of Directors may amend the Plan at any time and from time to time and 
 
 WHEREAS , the Committee desires to amend the Plan to delete Section 5.7 Limitation on Total Incentive Compensation. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE , in accordance with Article VIII of the Plan and effective as of the date hereof, the Plan is hereby amended as follows 
 
 1. Section 5.7 Limitation on Total Incentive Compensation of the Plan is hereby deleted. 
 2. Except as expressly amended by this Amendment, the Plan shall continue in full force and effect in accordance with the provisions thereof. 

Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank 
 Signature Page Follows . 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Amendment to be duly executed as of the date first written above. 
 
 FOSSIL GROUP, INC. 

By s Kosta N. Kartsotis 
 Name Kosta N. Kartsotis 
 Title Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-10.18>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 fosl-20221231xex211.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 21.1 
 Subsidiaries of Fossil Group, Inc. 
 as of December 31, 2022 
 Name of Subsidiary Place of 
 Incorporation 
 Fossil Intermediate, Inc. Delaware Fossil Stores I, Inc. Delaware Fossil Canada, Inc. Canada Fossil Europe B.V. the Netherlands Fossil Japan, Inc Japan Fossil Holdings, LLC Delaware Fossil (Gibraltar) Ltd. Gibraltar Fossil International Holdings, Inc. Delaware Fossil (East) Limited Hong Kong Swiss Technology Holding GmbH Switzerland Fossil Trust Delaware Fossil Holdings LLC Luxembourg, SCS Luxembourg Fossil Partners, L.P. Texas Fossil Mexico, S.A. de C.V. Mexico Servicios Fossil Mexico, S.A. de C.V. Mexico Fossil Luxembourg Sarl Luxembourg Pulse Time Center Company, Ltd. Hong Kong Fossil (Hong Kong) Ltd Hong Kong Fossil Singapore Pte. Ltd. Singapore FDT, Ltd. Hong Kong Fossil (Australia) Pty Ltd. Australia Fossil Time Malaysia Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia Fossil Industries Ltd. Hong Kong Fossil Trading (Shanghai) Company Ltd. China Fossil (Korea) Limited Korea Fossil India Private Ltd. India Fossil Asia Pacific Ltd. Hong Kong Fossil Commercial (Shanghai) Company Ltd. China Fossil Vietnam LLC Vietnam Fossil Services (Shenzhen) Co. Ltd. China Fossil (New Zealand) Limited New Zealand Fossil Retail Stores (Australia) Pty. Ltd. Australia 

Fossil Management Services Pty. Ltd. Australia Pulse Time Center (Shenzhen) Co. Ltd. China Fossil (Macau) Limited Macau Fossil Europe GmbH Germany Fossil Italia, S.r.l. Italy Fossil S.L.U. Spain Fossil U.K. Holdings Ltd. United Kingdom FESCO GmbH Germany Fossil Switzerland GmbH Switzerland Fossil (Austria) GmbH Austria Fossil Sweden AB Sweden Fossil Stores Belgium BVBA Belgium Fossil Belgium BVBA Belgium Fossil Accessories South Africa Pty Ltd South Africa Fossil Poland Spolka ZOO Poland Fossil France SAS France Fast Europe Sarl France Fossil Norway AS Norway Fossil Denmark A S Denmark Fossil Stores France SAS France Fossil Stores S.r.l. Italy Fossil U.K. Ltd. United Kingdom Montres Antima SA Switzerland In Time Distribuicao de Relogios, SUL Portugal Fossil Group Europe, GmbH Switzerland Swiss Technology Production SA Switzerland Latin America Services, Ltd British Virgin Islands Fossil Shared Services GmbH Germany Fossil Services LLC Delaware Fossil Global Services India LLP India 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 fosl-20221231xex231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 23.1 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement Nos. 33-65980, 333-151645, 333-212293, 333-225667 on Form S-8 and Registration Statement No. 333-259352 on Form S-3 of our reports dated March 9, 2023, relating to the financial statements of Fossil Group, Inc. and subsidiaries and the effectiveness of Fossil Group, Inc. and subsidiaries internal control over financial reporting, appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Fossil Group, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

s Deloitte & Touche LLP 
 
 Dallas, Texas 
 March 9, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 fosl-20221231xex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Kosta N. Kartsotis, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Fossil Group, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 March 9, 2023 s KOSTA N. KARTSOTIS Kosta N. Kartsotis 
 Chief Executive Officer 

QuickLinks 
 
 EXHIBIT 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 fosl-20221231xex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Sunil M. Doshi, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Fossil Group, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 March 9, 2023 s SUNIL M. DOSHI Sunil M. Doshi 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 
 and Treasurer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

QuickLinks 
 
 EXHIBIT 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 fosl-20221231xex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Fossil Group, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Form 10-K ), I, Kosta N. Kartsotis, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge 
 (1) The Form 10-K fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Dated March 9, 2023 s KOSTA N. KARTSOTIS Kosta N. Kartsotis 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Fossil Group, Inc. and will be retained by Fossil Group, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished as an exhibit to the Form 10-K pursuant to Item 601(b)(32) of Regulation S-K and Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code) and, accordingly, is not being filed as part of the Form 10-K for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is not incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. 

QuickLinks 
 
 Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 fosl-20221231xex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Fossil Group, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Form 10-K ), I, Sunil M. Doshi, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of the Company, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge 
 (1) The Form 10-K fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Dated March 9, 2023 s SUNIL M. DOSHI Sunil M. Doshi 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 
 and Treasurer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Fossil Group, Inc. and will be retained by Fossil Group, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished as an exhibit to the Form 10-K pursuant to Item 601(b)(32) of Regulation S-K and Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code) and, accordingly, is not being filed as part of the Form 10-K for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is not incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. 

QuickLinks 
 
 Exhibit 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 fosl-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 fosl-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 fosl-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 fosl-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 fosl-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

