<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230308_10-K_edgar_data_1359931_0001213900-23-018373.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6959365</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>445346</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1996662</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1407881</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1516588</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1423781</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-018373.hdr.sgml : 20230308
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230308082032
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-018373
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		90
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230308
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230308

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Protara Therapeutics, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001359931
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BIOLOGICAL PRODUCTS (NO DIAGNOSTIC SUBSTANCES) [2836]
		IRS NUMBER:				204580525
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36694
		FILM NUMBER:		23714911

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		345 PARK AVENUE SOUTH
		STREET 2:		3RD FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10010
		BUSINESS PHONE:		646-844-0337

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		345 PARK AVENUE SOUTH
		STREET 2:		3RD FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10010

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ArTara Therapeutics, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200110

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PROTEON THERAPEUTICS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20060420

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-018373.txt : 20230308

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_protarathera.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13
OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from 
to 

Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) 

(Zip Code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered The Capital Market 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12
months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , smaller reporting company and
 emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act,
indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to
previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are
restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers
during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as
defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 

As of June 30, 2022, the last business day of
the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock
held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately million, based on the closing price of the registrant s common
stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market on June 30, 2022 of 2.93 per share. 

As of March 3, 2023, shares of the registrant s common
stock, 0.001 par value, were outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Portions of the registrant s definitive
Proxy Statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by May 2, 2023 are incorporated by reference into Part III of
this report. 

PROTARA THERAPEUTICS, INC. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

FORM 10-K 

For the Year Ended December 31,
2022 

Page 
 
 PART I 

Item
 1. 
 Business 
 3 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 34 
 
 Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 60 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 60 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 60 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 60 
 
 PART II 

Item
 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 61 
 
 Item
 6. 
 Reserved 
 61 
 
 Item
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 62 
 
 Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 68 
 
 Item
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 68 
 
 Item
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 68 
 
 Item
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 68 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 Other Information 
 68 
 
 Item
 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 68 
 
 PART III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 69 
 
 Item
 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 69 
 
 Item
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 69 
 
 Item
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 69 
 
 Item
 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 69 
 
 PART IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 70 
 
 Item
 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 72 

i 

PART I 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Annual Report on Form
10-K, including sections entitled Business, Risk Factors, and Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation s and other materials accompanying this Annual Report
on Form 10-K contain forward-looking statements or incorporate by reference forward-looking statements. Statements, other than statements
of historical facts, contained in this document, including statements regarding our business, operations and financial performance and
conditions, as well as our plans, objectives and expectations for our business operations and financial performance and condition, are
forward-looking statements. These statements relate to future events or to our future financial performance and involve known and unknown
risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from
any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify
these forward-looking statements by terminology such as believes, expects, potential, continues, 
 may, will, should, seek, approximately, predict, 
 intend, plans, estimates, anticipates or the negative version of these terms
or other comparable terminology. 

These forward-looking statements include, but
are not limited to, statements about: 

estimates
 regarding our financial performance, including future revenue, expenses and capital requirements; 

our
 expected cash position and ability to obtain financing in the future on satisfactory terms
 or at all; 

expectations
 regarding our plans to research, develop and commercialize our current and future product
 candidates, including TARA-002, and Intravenous, or IV, Choline Chloride; 

expectations
 regarding the safety and efficacy of our product candidates; 

expectations
 regarding the timing, costs and outcomes of our planned clinical trials; 

expectations
 regarding potential market size; 

expectations
 regarding the timing of the availability of data from our clinical trials; 

expectations
 regarding the clinical utility, potential benefits and market acceptance of our product candidates; 

expectations
 regarding our commercialization, marketing and manufacturing capabilities and strategy; 

the
 implementation of our business model, strategic plans for our business, product candidates
 and technology; 

expectations
 regarding our ability to identify additional products or product candidates with significant
 commercial potential; 

developments
 and projections relating to our competitors and industry; 

our
 ability to acquire, license and invest in businesses, technologies, product candidates and
 products; 

our
 ability to remain listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market, or Nasdaq; 

the
 impact of government laws and regulations; 

costs
 and outcomes relating to any disputes, governmental inquiries or investigations, regulatory
 proceedings, legal proceedings or litigation; 

our
 ability to attract and retain key personnel to manage our business effectively; 

our
 ability to prevent system failures, data breaches or violations of data protection laws; 

the
 timing or likelihood of regulatory filings and approvals; 

our
 ability to protect our intellectual property position; 

the
 impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business and operations as well as the business or
 operations of our manufacturers, contract research organizations, study sites or other clinical
 partners and other third parties with whom we conduct business and regulatory agencies, and
 the extent and duration thereof; and 

the impact of general U.S. and foreign economic, industry, market,
 regulatory or political conditions. 

1 

We undertake no obligation
to update or revise any of the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K after the date of this report,
except as required by law or the rules and regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC. We caution readers not
to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K. The forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and other written and oral forward-looking
statements made by us from time to time, are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially
from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements, including the risks, uncertainties and assumptions identified under the heading
 Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

SUMMARY OF RISKS AFFECTING
OUR BUSINESS 

Below is a summary of
the principal factors that make an investment in our securities speculative or risky. This summary does not address all of the risks
that we face. Additional discussion of the risks and uncertainties summarized in this risk factor summary, and other risks and uncertainties
that we face, are set forth in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors, and should be carefully considered, together with other information in
this Annual Report on Form 10-K and our other filings with the SEC before making investment decisions regarding our securities. 

We have a limited operating
 history and have never generated any revenues. 

We expect to incur significant expenses and significant losses for the foreseeable future and may never generate revenue or achieve or maintain profitability. 

We will need to raise additional
 financing in the future to fund our operations, which may not be available to us on favorable terms or at all. 

Our business depends on the successful clinical development and regulatory approval of our product candidates, including TARA-002 and IV Choline Chloride. 

We have never completed a clinical trial or made a BLA or NDA submission and may be unable to successfully do so for TARA-002 or IV Choline Chloride. 

TARA-002 is an immunopotentiator, and one indication that we plan to pursue is the treatment of lymphatic malformations, or LMs. There are no therapies approved by the United States Food and Drug Administration, or the FDA, for the treatment of LMs and it is difficult to predict the timing and costs of clinical development for TARA-002 for LMs. 

Even if a product candidate
 obtains regulatory approval, it may fail to achieve the broad degree of physician and patient adoption and use necessary for commercial
 success. 

Our product candidates,
 if approved, will face significant competition and their failure to compete effectively may prevent them from achieving significant
 market penetration. 

We currently have limited
 marketing capabilities and no sales organization. If we are unable to grow our sales and marketing capabilities on our own or through
 third parties, we will be unable to successfully commercialize our product candidates, if approved, or generate product revenue. 

Certain stockholders have
 the ability to control or significantly influence certain matters submitted to our stockholders for approval. 

We may not be able to obtain, maintain or enforce global patent rights or other intellectual property rights that cover our product candidates and technologies that are of sufficient breadth to prevent third parties from competing against us. 

We are subject to stringent
 and changing obligations related to data privacy and security. Our actual or perceived failure to comply with such obligations could
 lead to regulatory investigations or actions; litigation; fines and penalties; a disruption of our business operations, including
 our clinical trials; harm to our reputation; and other adverse effects on our business or prospects. 

2 

Item 1. Business. 

Overview 

We are a New York
City based clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company committed to advancing transformative therapies for the treatment of cancer and rare
diseases. We were founded on the principle of applying modern scientific, regulatory or manufacturing advancements to established mechanisms
in order to create new development opportunities. We prioritize creativity, diverse perspectives, integrity and tenacity to expedite
our goal of bringing life-changing therapies to people with limited treatment options. 

Our portfolio includes two
development programs utilizing TARA-002, an investigational cell therapy based on the broad immunopotentiator, OK-432, which was originally
granted marketing approval by the Japanese Ministry of Health and Welfare as an immunopotentiating cancer therapeutic agent. This cell
therapy is currently approved in Japan and Taiwan for LMs and multiple oncologic indications. We have secured worldwide rights to the
asset excluding Japan and Taiwan and are exploring its use in oncology and rare disease indications. TARA-002 was developed from the
same master cell bank of genetically distinct group A Streptococcus pyogenes as OK-432 (marketed as Picibanil in Japan and Taiwan
by Chugai Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., or Chugai Pharmaceutical). We are currently developing TARA-002 in non-muscle invasive bladder cancer,
or NMIBC, and in LMs. 

Our lead oncology program
is TARA-002 in NMIBC, which is cancer found in the tissue that lines the inner surface of the bladder that has not spread into the bladder
muscle. Bladder cancer is the sixth most common cancer in the United States, with NMIBC representing approximately 80 of bladder cancer
diagnoses. Approximately 65,000 patients are diagnosed with NMIBC in the United States each year. Very few new therapeutics have been
approved for NMIBC since the 1990s and the current standard of care for NMIBC includes intravesical Bacillus Calmette Gu rin,
or BCG. The mechanism of action of TARA-002 is similar to that of BCG. TARA-002 and BCG are both intravesically administered, elicit
a Th1 type immune response and produce a similar array of locally activated cytokines and immune cells. 

We are conducting a Phase 1 dose-finding, open-label clinical trial
to evaluate TARA-002 in treatment-na ve and treatment-experienced NMIBC patients with carcinoma in situ, or CIS, and high-grade papillary
tumors (Ta), known as the ADVANCED-1 trial. In the initial dose escalation phase, or Phase 1a portion, of the trial, patients receive
six weekly intravesical doses of TARA-002. The primary objective of the trial is to evaluate the safety, tolerability and preliminary
signs of anti-tumor activity of TARA-002, with the goal of establishing a recommended dose for a future Phase 2 clinical trial. The trial
is ongoing and we expect data from the Phase 1a portion of the trial in the second quarter of 2023. 

We are also pursuing TARA-002 in LMs, which are rare, non-malignant
cysts of the lymphatic vascular system that primarily form in the head and neck region of children before the age of two. In July 2020,
the FDA granted Rare Pediatric Disease designation for TARA-002 for the treatment of LMs and in May 2022, the European Medicines Agency
granted orphan drug designation to TARA-002 for the treatment of LMs. In addition to the clinical experience in Japan, we have secured
the rights to a dataset from one of the largest ever conducted Phase 2 trials in LMs, in which OK-432 was administered via a compassionate
use program led by the University of Iowa to over 500 pediatric and adult patients. We have an open IND for LMs with the Vaccines and
Related Products Division of the FDA, or Vaccines Division. We received feedback from the Vaccines Division on the protocol for our proposed
Phase 2 clinical trial evaluating TARA-002 in LMs. In the second half of 2023 we expect to initiate this Phase 2 single arm, open-label
clinical trial to evaluate the safety and efficacy of TARA-002 in pediatric patients with macrocystic and mixed-cystic LMs. The trial
design includes a safety lead-in phase followed by an expansion phase. We are conducting trial preparation activities and have identified
multiple trial sites. 

3 

The third development program in our portfolio is intravenous, or IV,
Choline Chloride, an investigational phospholipid substrate replacement therapy initially in development for patients receiving parenteral
nutrition, or PN, who have intestinal failure associated liver disease, or IFALD. IV Choline Chloride has been granted Orphan Drug Designation
by the FDA for this indication and has also been granted Fast Track Designation for the treatment of IFALD. Following a positive end of
Phase 2 meeting with the FDA, we received feedback on the design of the studies necessary to complete a registration package for IV Choline
Chloride for the treatment of IFALD, including a Phase 1 pharmacokinetic, or PK, trial and a Phase 3 clinical trial. Prior to initiating
these clinical trials, we are conducting a prevalence study to enhance understanding of the PN patient population and we plan to use this
information to determine the next steps for the development program. In September 2021, we reported results of the retrospective part
of the prevalence study, which supported the significant unmet medical need in patients dependent on PN who have IFALD. We are currently
conducting the prospective part of the prevalence study, which is a multi-center, cross-sectional observational study to assess the prevalence
of choline deficiency, as well as cholestasis and steatosis, in patients dependent on PN. We expect to have results of the study in the
third quarter of 2023. In April 2022, the U.S. Patent and Trademark office, or USPTO, issued to us Patent No. US 11,311,503 claiming a
sterile aqueous choline salt composition with a term expiring in 2041. 

We have devoted substantial
efforts to the development of these programs but do not have any approved products and have not generated any revenue from product sales.
TARA-002 has not yet been approved for use for treatment of NMIBC, LMs or any other indications. We do not expect to generate revenues
in the near-term, if ever. To finance our current strategic plans, including the conduct of ongoing and future clinical trials and further
research and development costs, we will need to raise additional capital. See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources for additional information about our liquidity
and capital resource needs. 

Our Product Candidate Pipeline 

The following chart summarizes
the current status of our product candidate pipeline: 

TARA-002
 Granted Rare Pediatric Disease Designation for the treatment of LMs 

Granted
 Orphan Drug and Fast Track Designations by the U.S. FDA 

Phase
 1 PK study to be conducted in addition to Phase 3 study 

Our Corporate Strategy: 

We are an oncology and rare disease company focused on applying modern
scientific advancements to established mechanisms to deliver efficient de-risked clinical programs. Leveraging the drug development and
commercialization experience of our management team, our goal is to build a leading biopharmaceutical company focused on bringing life-saving
therapies to patients with significant unmet needs. Our current key initiatives are listed below: 

4 

1. Progress clinical program supporting
TARA-002 for the treatment of NMIBC. 

Complete the ongoing Phase
1 clinical trial to assess the safety and tolerability of TARA-002 in patients with high-grade NMIBC, involving a dose escalation phase
in which we are evaluating the safety, tolerability and preliminary signs of anti-tumor activity of TARA-002 to determine dosage for
a future Phase 2 clinical trial. We then intend to further assess safety and preliminary signs of anti-tumor activity of TARA-002 in
both BCG-na ve and BCG-exposed NMIBC patients with CIS in an expanded cohort of our Phase 1 and Phase 2 clinical trials. 

2. Progress clinical program for TARA-002
in LMs by initiating a Phase 2 clinical trial in patients with macrocystic and mixed-cystic LMs. 

Based on the robust dataset for the originator product OK-432 in LMs
and the full Clinical Study Report, or CSR of the randomized Phase 2 clinical trial of OK-432 in LMs led by the University of Iowa, we
are encouraged by the potential for TARA-002 to treat patients with LMs. Following feedback from the Vaccines Division, we expect to initiate
a Phase 2 clinical trial evaluating TARA-002 in pediatric patients with macrocystic and mixed-cystic LMs. 

3. Complete prospective prevalence study
of patients receiving PN and who have IFALD to refine a development pathway for IV Choline Chloride. 

We are currently conducting
a prospective prevalence study to enhance understanding of the PN patient population and plan to use this information to inform the next
steps for the development program. We received FDA feedback on a potential design of the studies necessary to complete a registration
package for IV Choline Chloride for the treatment of IFALD, including a Phase 1 pharmacokinetic study and a Phase 3 trial. We intend
to use the results of our multinational prevalence study of the PN patient population to inform our strategy for IV Choline Chloride. 

4. Explore opportunities to expand our
pipeline of uses for TARA-002 alone and in combination with other therapies. 

We are exploring the use
of TARA-002 in combination with other therapies and are working to identify additional opportunities to develop TARA-002 in indications
beyond NMIBC and LMs. We are conducting non-clinical experiments and modeling to better characterize the potential benefits of combination
therapy with TARA-002, particularly in NMIBC. In addition, our leadership team has a strong track record of licensing, acquiring and
optimizing product candidates and we intend to leverage this skill set to identify opportunities for potential combination opportunities
for TARA-002, in NMIBC and other oncology indications. The immunological activity of TARA-002 s originator product, OK-432, has
been effectively interrogated in patients in numerous indications. We plan to continue to carefully evaluate the case reports and the
literature and perform non-clinical characterization studies to better understand the mechanism of action of TARA-002 and its potential
activity in indications beyond NMIBC and LM in which there is unmet need. 

Our Pipeline 

TARA-002 

TARA-002, our lead program,
is an investigational cell therapy developed from the master cell line of the same genetically distinct Streptococcus pyogenes 
(group A, type 3) Su strain as OK-432, a broad immunopotentiator marketed as Picibanil in Japan and Taiwan by Chugai Pharmaceutical.
We are using the same regulatory starting materials as OK-432 and manufacture TARA-002 using an updated version of the same proprietary
processes used to manufacture OK-432. We have designated this product candidate as TARA-002 in order to differentiate the regulatory
path in the United States and other geographies from that of OK-432 in Japan. 

We entered into an agreement
with Chugai Pharmaceutical in June 2019, as amended in July 2020, to support our development of TARA-002. The agreement provides us with
exclusive access to certain materials and documents relating to OK-432 including the master cell bank of Streptococcus pyogenes 
used in the manufacturing of OK-432. Additionally, the agreement provides technical support during a certain period. We have utilized
the materials, proprietary manufacturing process and technical support provided by Chugai Pharmaceutical to produce TARA-002 at a cGMP-compliant
facility in the United States. Under the agreement with Chugai Pharmaceutical, we have sole responsibility for the development and commercialization
of TARA-002 worldwide, excluding Japan and Taiwan. This agreement is exclusive through June 17, 2030, or following any termination of
the agreement by either party. 

5 

In Japan, OK-432 is indicated
for: the treatment of lymphangiomas (lymphatic malformations); the prolongation of survival time in patients with gastric cancer (postoperative
cases) or primary lung cancer in combination with chemotherapy; and the reduction of cancerous pleural effusion or ascites in patients
with lung cancer or gastrointestinal cancer respectively, head and neck cancer (maxillary cancer, laryngeal cancer, pharyngeal cancer,
and tongue cancer) and thyroid cancer that are resistant to other drugs. 

We plan to pursue development
of TARA-002 for the treatment of NMIBC and LMs initially in the United States, and plan to also seek approval in Europe and other regions
in the future and may also explore additional indications where its utility as an immunostimulant has been hypothesized to be of therapeutic
benefit. 

TARA-002 in NMIBC 

Disease Overview 

Bladder cancer is the sixth
most common cancer in the United States, with NMIBC representing approximately 80 of bladder cancer diagnoses. NMIBC is cancer found
in the tissue that lines the inner surface of the bladder that has not spread into the bladder muscle. There are three subtypes of NMIBC:
Ta (non-invasive papillary carcinoma), Tis (carcinoma in situ or CIS), and T1 (carcinoma invading the lamina propria). Among the types
of NMIBC, Ta accounts for most NMIBC cases (70 ), whereas T1 and CIS account for 20 and 10 , respectively. 

There are approximately 65,000 incident cases of NMIBC in the United
States every year, and based upon currently available data we believe that approximately 45 (approximately 30,000) are made up of High-Grade
tumor types that are considered higher risk, and therefore candidates for immunotherapies, such as TARA-002. In addition, NMIBC has one
of the highest rates of recurrence with three-year rate estimated at up to 80 . 

Treatment 

Treatment for NMIBC is typically targeted to reduce unresectable persistence,
recurrence after resection and to prevent disease progression to muscle-invasive bladder cancer. The initial treatment for NMIBC includes
cystoscopy and complete transurethral resection of the bladder tumor (TURBT) for papillary Ta or T1, or biopsy for CIS. A single postoperative
instillation of intravesical chemotherapy is recommended in patients with low risk of progression, and for patients with intermediate
and high-risk disease, a longer course of intravesical therapy is administered. The most efficacious intravesical agent to date has been
BCG, a live attenuated form of Mycobacterium bovis . BCG has been the subject of multiple supply shortages in the US in the past
decade due to the inability to meet demand to treat the large population of patients with NMIBC. There has been a significant increase
in bladder cancer recurrence and progression with an escalated number of patients who require cystectomy. As such, with the current BCG
shortage and limited effective alternate therapies or dosing strategies, there continues to be a significant unmet need for treatment
options for patients with NMIBC. 

Clinical Development 

We are currently conducting our ADVANCED-1 trial. In the initial dose
escalation phase of the trial, patients receive six weekly intravesical doses of TARA-002. The primary objective of the trial is to evaluate
the safety, tolerability and preliminary signs of anti-tumor activity of TARA-002, with the goal of establishing a recommended dose for
a future Phase 2 clinical trial. The trial is ongoing and we expect data from the Phase 1a portion of the trial in the second quarter
of 2023. 

Preclinical Development 

We continue to conduct pre-clinical
studies on TARA-002 to better characterize the mechanism of action to help us understand how TARA-002 may perform in potential combinations
with other agents used to treat NMIBC. In addition, we use pre-clinical data to help us define other cancer targets for TARA-002 both
within the urothelial cancer space and other types of cancer affecting different parts of the body. 

Regulatory Interactions 

In October 2021, we announced
that the Office of Tissues and Advanced Therapies Division, or the OTAT Division, of the FDA s Center for Biologics Evaluation
and Research, or CBER, cleared our Investigational New Drug, or IND, application for TARA-002 in NMIBC, allowing us to commence our ADVANCED-1
trial. The primary objective of the trial is to evaluate the safety, tolerability and preliminary signs of anti-tumor activity of TARA-002,
with the goal of establishing a recommended dose for a future Phase 2 clinical trial. 

6 

Manufacturing 

We manufacture TARA-002
using an equivalent, but modernized, proprietary manufacturing process as is used to produce OK-432 by Chugai Pharmaceutical, starting
with a master cell line propagated by us but utilizing the same genetically distinct strain of Streptococcus pyogenes (A group,
type 3) Su strain as OK-432. We have contracted a contract development and manufacturing organization, or CDMO, to manufacture TARA-002. 

TARA-002 for the Treatment of Lymphatic
Malformations 

Disease Overview 

We have worked with the FDA to align on a regulatory pathway and development
plan for TARA-002 for the treatment of LMs. The International Society for the Study of Vascular Anomalies classifies LMs as either macrocystic,
microcystic, or mixed-cystic. Macrocystic and microcystic LMs are differentiated by the size of the fluid-containing portion of the malformation.
Macrocystic LMs are characteristically large, fluid-filled cysts with a thin endothelial lining. Macrocystic LMs are composed of cysts
greater than 2 cubic centimeters in size and present as a soft, fluid-filled swelling beneath normal or slightly discolored skin. Macrocystic
LMs are usually located in the antero-lateral cervical region of the neck; however, it is possible for this type of LM to originate in
other areas of the body. In contrast, microcystic LMs have very limited internal space with a thick irregular endothelial lining. Microcystic
LMs are comprised of cysts less than 2 cubic centimeters in size and are often composed of micro-lymphatic channels that integrate and
infiltrate normal soft tissue. Microcystic LMs can involve both superficial and deep aspects including muscle and bone. Microcystic LMs
can thicken or swell causing enlargement of surrounding soft tissue and bones and can be found on any area of the skin or mucous membrane.
Mixed-cystic LMs are comprised of varying degrees of both macrocystic and microcystic LMs. 

While the exact prevalence
of LMs is not known, in the United States, the condition is thought to be present in approximately one in every 4,000 live births and
we believe there are approximately 1,400-1,800 LM cases per year. 

Treatment 

There are no approved pharmacotherapies
for LMs, except in Japan and Taiwan where OK-432 is approved. In these countries, OK-432 has been the standard of care for LMs for over
25 years. 

Treatment of LMs varies
depending on the symptoms and complications that present themselves. The standard of care outside Japan and Taiwan for the treatment
of LMs is either a partial or complete surgical excision of the cysts. While surgery is the standard approach to the treatment of LMs
in the head and neck, the region is a difficult area to operate on because of the large number of important anatomical structures in
the area. Major venous and arterial trunks travel through the neck, as do important nerves. Surgery on such malformations frequently
results in high rates of recurrence and complications including life-long chronic conditions, such as damage to nerves and other important
structures of the head and neck. 

Clinical Development 

Historical Data on OK- 432, predecessor therapy
to TARA-002 

When OK-432 is administered
locally for LMs, it is hypothesized that innate immune cells within the cyst are activated and produce a strong immune cascade. Neutrophils
and monocytes infiltrate the cyst and various cytokines, including interleukins IL-6, IL-8, IL-12, interferon, or IFN, -gamma, tumor
necrosis factor, or TNF-alpha, and vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) are secreted by immune cells within the cyst in response
to the presence of OK-432. In concert, these immune activities induce a strong local inflammatory reaction in the cyst wall, resulting
in fluid drainage, shrinkage and fibrotic adhesion of the cyst. 

7 

A randomized, phase 2 clinical trial led by the University of Iowa
studied the use of OK-432 in patients with LM from 1998 to 2005. Most eligible subjects were between 6 months and 18 years of age with
macrocystic or mixed-cystic LMs (with 50 macrocytic disease) of the head and/or neck. There were three treatment groups: immediate
treatment (ITG), delayed treatment (DTG), and open label treatment group. The immediate treatment group received treatment with OK-432
upon diagnosis. The delayed treatment group received OK-432 treatment following a six-month observation period; the cross-over design
was intended to investigate spontaneous resolution. The open-label treatment group included infants younger than six months of age, adults
older than 18 years of age, patients with LMs involving sites other than the head and neck (such as the axilla, thorax, and extremities),
and patients treated on an emergent basis. The open label treatment group were treated immediately with OK-432. Response to therapy was
measured by quantitating change in lesion size. Clinical success was defined as a complete (90 to 100 or substantial (60 to 89 response
to treatment based on radiographically confirmed shrinkage in lesions. 

Results presented in this
report were based on a retrospective analysis of source verified data that included the full dataset of subjects enrolled in the Phase
2 randomized clinical trial between January 1998 and August 2005, including data in the published study (Smith et al. 2009) that included
subjects enrolled between January 1998 and November 2004. 

Overall, 310 subjects were enrolled with intent to treat: 246 subjects
were randomized to the immediate (ITG, N=171) and delayed (DTG, N=75) treatment groups; 64 subjects were nonrandomized and assigned to
the open-label group. Analysis of the primary efficacy endpoint (N=150) demonstrated clinical success (complete and/or substantial response)
in 69 of patients in the ITG 6 months after enrollment, while 7.5 of patients in the DTG experienced spontaneous regression of a LM
during this time interval (p 

Figure 1: 69 of patients in the immediate treatment group had a complete
or substantial response to OK-432, meeting the primary endpoint, while 7.5 of patients in the delayed treatment group had a complete
or substantial response after six months of observation and before treatment. 

Clinical
 Success was defined as complete or substantial response. 

Reflects
 data prior to dosing with OK-432. After dosing, the clinical success rate was 66 , which
 was not statistically different from the ITG. 

8 

Figure 2: patients with radiographically confirmed
macrocystic lesions had the greatest likelihood of clinical success and in those patients with mixed lesions, clinical success was also
present. 

Clinical
 Success was defined as complete or substantial response. 

Reflects
 data prior to dosing with OK-432. After dosing, the clinical success rate was 66 , which
 was not statistically different from the ITG. 

Results
 were analyzed by lesion type across all treatment groups. 

TARA-002 Clinical Development 

We have an open IND for
LMs with the Vaccines Division. Later in 2023 we expect to initiate a Phase 2 single arm, open-label clinical trial to evaluate the safety
and efficacy of TARA-002 in pediatric patients with macrocystic and mixed-cystic LMs. The trial design includes a safety lead-in phase
followed by an expansion phase. We are conducting trial preparation activities and have identified multiple trial sites. 

Historical Safety Profile on OK-432, predecessor
therapy to TARA-002 

The most common adverse
events with treatment with OK-432 were local injection site reactions, fever, fatigue, and decreased appetite, with resolution within
two weeks. Treatment emergent serious adverse events or SAEs, (treatment emergent SAEs are defined as any SAE occurring or worsening
on or after the first dose of study drug and within 35 days after the last dose of study drug) associated with OK-432 treatment were
reported in 4.1 of patients, with the most severe events being airway obstruction and facial paralysis due to massive swelling post-injection
that required tracheostomy and hospitalization. Both of these events were reported as resolved. 

The safety findings from
the sponsor-conducted retrospective analysis are consistent with the original analysis reported in Smith et al. 2009, and with safety
data in published studies in approximately 865 patients with LMs after treatment with OK-432. 

Historical Preclinical Development on
OK-432, predecessor therapy to TARA-002 

A comprehensive preclinical
development program for OK-432, including in vitro and in vivo pharmacology and toxicology studies, was conducted by Chugai
Pharmaceutical to support the filing of a NDA with the Japan Pharmaceuticals and Medical Devices Agency. We believe these studies may
help inform the design of a development plan for TARA-002 in LMs. 

9 

TARA-002 Regulatory Interactions 

In July 2020, the FDA granted
Rare Pediatric Disease designation for TARA-002 for the treatment of LMs. The FDA grants Rare Pediatric Disease designation for serious
diseases that primarily affect children ages 18 years or younger and fewer than 200,000 persons in the United States. Under the FDA s
Rare Pediatric Disease Priority Review Voucher program, a sponsor who receives an approval of a NDA or BLA for a product for the prevention
or treatment of a rare pediatric disease may be eligible for a voucher, which can be redeemed to obtain priority review for any subsequent
marketing application or may be sold or transferred. 

The robust dataset for OK-432 in LMs has informed our development of
TARA-002. At the FDA s request, we submitted the full CSR of the randomized Phase 2 clinical trial of OK-432 in LMs led by the University
of Iowa to our open IND with the Vaccines Division. We received feedback from the Vaccines Division on the protocol for our proposed Phase
2 clinical trial evaluating TARA-002 in LMs. In the second half of 2023 we expect to initiate this Phase 2 single arm, open-label clinical
trial to evaluate the safety and efficacy of TARA-002 in pediatric patients with macrocystic and mixed-cystic LMs. The trial design includes
a safety lead-in phase followed by an expansion phase. We are conducting trial preparation activities and have identified multiple trial
sites. 

Manufacturing 

TARA-002 is manufactured
using an equivalent, but modernized, proprietary manufacturing process as is used to produce OK-432 by Chugai Pharmaceutical. Starting
with a master cell line propagated by us but utilizing the same genetically distinct strain of Streptococcus pyogenes (A group,
type 3) Su strain as OK-432. We have contracted a CDMO to manufacture TARA-002. 

IV Choline Chloride for the treatment of Intestinal
Failure Associated Liver Disease 

IV Choline Chloride is an
IV substrate replacement therapy initially in development for patients receiving PN who have IFALD. 

Choline is a known important
substrate for phospholipids that are critical for healthy liver function. Because patients receiving PN cannot sufficiently absorb adequate
levels of choline and no available PN components contain sufficient amounts of choline to correct this deficit, they often experience
a prolonged progression to hepatic failure and death, with the only known intervention being a dual small bowel / liver transplant. If
approved, IV Choline Chloride would be the first approved therapy for IFALD. It has been granted ODD by the FDA for the treatment of
IFALD and the prevention of choline deficiency in PN patients. We are currently undertaking a multinational prevalence study to enhance
understanding of the PN patient population. We expect to complete the prospective part of the study in mid-2023. 

We have entered into a license
agreement with Dr. Alan Buchman for exclusive rights to the IND, ODD and other regulatory assets related to IV Choline Chloride, as well
as exclusive rights to the data from previously conducted Phase 1 and Phase 2 clinical trials led by Dr. Buchman. 

The results of a randomized,
controlled, Phase 2 clinical trial demonstrated that treatment with IV Choline Chloride resulted in normalization of plasma-free choline
concentrations, improvement of hepatic steatosis, and statistically significant improvement in cholestasis in patients dependent on PN. 

We had an end of Phase 2
meeting with the FDA in November 2018 and received the FDA s feedback on the design of studies necessary to complete the registration
package for IV Choline Chloride for the treatment of IFALD, including a Phase 1 pharmacokinetic study and a Phase 3 trial. We intend
to use the results of our multinational prevalence study of the PN patient population to inform our strategy for IV Choline Chloride. 

10 

Disease Overview 

IFALD is a rare hepatic/metabolic
disease. IFALD, which occurs in patients dependent upon PN, is characterized by choline deficiency, hepatic steatosis, cholestasis, and
rapid progression of liver disease through to hepatic failure and death, in the absence of intestine-liver transplant. IFALD carries
a relatively poor prognosis, with a 15-34 death rate within one to four years. When IFALD presents in children, mortality is even higher,
with studies reporting death rates of 23-40 within 18 months. A patient is considered to have IFALD if she/he: 

is
 dependent on PN for more than six months (e.g., has chronic intestinal failure); 

has
 evidence of steatosis, determined by imaging techniques or histologic assessments; 

has
 evidence of cholestasis (e.g., elevated alkaline phosphatase, or ALP, elevated bilirubin and/or histology); and 

may
 have evidence of ongoing, progressive liver injury on the basis of multiple abnormal liver function tests, in conjunction with findings
 of fibrosis, cirrhosis, and/or end-stage liver disease. 

Many patients receiving
PN are entirely dependent on PN for their nutritional needs. PN delivers nearly all the macro and micro-nutrients necessary for survival
in their patients, with the notable exception of choline. Consequently, patients dependent on PN support have been shown to be choline
deficient. Patients dependent upon PN are unable to synthesize sufficient levels of choline and malabsorption limits the bioavailability
of choline chloride from the PN diet. The American Society for Parenteral and Enteral Nutrition and the Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics 
Dietitians in Nutrition Support both recommend that choline be developed and routinely included in PN products; however, there are currently
no FDA-approved choline chloride PN products. 

Dependence on PN and resulting
choline deficiency often leads to IFALD, which is the most common adverse outcome in chronic PN adult patients that is associated with
death. Low free choline plasma concentrations are associated with alanine aminotransferase, or ALT, aspartate aminotransferase, or AST,
and ALP elevations as well as steatosis (fatty liver) and cholestasis (when bile from the liver stops or slows), all indicators of ongoing
liver damage. 

Clinical Development 

In a Phase 2 randomized,
double-blind, controlled 24-week clinical trial, patients (n=15) receiving nightly PN for > 85 of their nutritional needs (for at
least 12 weeks prior to entry) were randomized to receive via IV infusion (10-12 hours) their usual PN with placebo (n = 8), or PN to
which 2g IV Choline Chloride was added (n = 7). 

In the IV Choline Chloride
group, mean choline levels were within or greater than the estimated normal range (i.e., 6.7 to 26.9 nmol/mL) throughout the 24-week
trial and quickly returned to baseline levels when treatment was discontinued. 

Steatosis: 

Upon conversion of the quantification
of computed tomography, or CT, values to magnetic resonance imaging proton density fat fraction, or MRI-PDFF, significant differences
in the least square, or LS, mean change from baseline in estimated MRI-PDFF were observed in the IV Choline Chloride group in comparison
to placebo group at Week 4 through Week 24, demonstrating a clinically meaningful and statistically significant reduction in steatosis.
When LS mean percent changes from baseline in MRI-PDFF were compared between treatment groups, significant differences in LS mean changes
(range, 31.7 to 53.6 were observed from Weeks 4 to 24 with p-values of 0.0009 to 0.0297 favoring the IV Choline Chloride group. 

11 

Figure 3. Liver CT Images: Before and After Treatment with IV Choline
Chloride 

Alkaline Phosphatase: 

At baseline, LS mean ALP
concentration was 239.3 118.93 in the IV Choline Chloride group and 148.1 100.2 in the placebo group. The mixed model
for repeated measures, or MMRM, analyses demonstrated statistically significant decreases in ALP concentrations at Week 12 (p = 0.008),
Week 16 (p = 0.005), Week 20 (p = 0.007), and Week 24 (p = 0.005) for the IV Choline Chloride group, demonstrating a reduction in cholestasis.
A trend towards significance was observed at Week 4 (p = 0.076) and Week 6 (p = 0.056). At Week 34, 10 weeks after discontinuation of
IV Choline Chloride treatment, LS mean change from baseline in ALP concentrations still demonstrated statistically significant decreases
(p = 0.002), demonstrating a significant improvement in cholestasis with treatment with IV Choline Chloride (Figure 4). 

In the subgroup of subjects
with ALP concentration > 1.5x upper limit of normal (ULN) at baseline, (n=7), mean values at baseline were comparable between the
IV Choline Chloride and placebo groups (294.20 87.947 versus 277.00 128.693, respectively). In the sub-group analysis,
improvement in ALP was consistent and substantial, with 20-30 improvement over 12-24 weeks of treatment. Statistical significance was
observed at 12, 16, and 20 weeks. 

In the description of the trials above and
elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, n represents the number of patients in a particular group and p 
or p-values represent the probability that random chance caused the result (e.g., a p-value of 0.001
means that there is a 0.1 probability that the difference between the placebo group and the treatment group is purely due to random
chance). A p-value of less than or equal to 0.05 is a commonly used criterion for statistical significance, and may
be supportive of a finding of efficacy by regulatory authorities. 

12 

Figure 4. Improvement in Cholestasis 1 : All Patients 

1 Protara
 Therapeutics re-analysis of patient CRF s, data on file. 

MMRM
 method used for imputation. 

A
 placebo subject was excluded from all analyses due to likely IV contrast-induced imaging
 abnormalities, confirmed by independent radiologist in subsequent re-analysis. 

Preclinical Development 

Table 1. Preclinical Studies Conducted by us
for IV Choline Chloride 

Study
 Type 
 
 Brief
 Description 
 
 In vitro protein binding 
 
 Evaluation of Protein Binding
 by Choline Chloride in Plasma Using Rapid Equilibrium Dialysis 
 
 In vitro cardiac ion channel study 
 
 In Vitro Assessment of
 the Effect of Choline on Currents Mediated by hERG, Cav1.2, and Peak and Late Nav1.5 Channels Expressed in Human Embryonic Kidney
 (HEK) Cells 
 
 In vitro drug-drug interaction 
 
 Evaluation of Transporter
 Inhibition by Choline Chloride in Transporter-Transfected HEK293 Cells 

Evaluation of OCT2, MATE1
 and MATE2-K Inhibition by Choline Chloride in Transporter-Transfected HEK293 Cells 

Evaluation of Transporter
 Inhibition by Choline Chloride in Caco-2 Cells 

Evaluation of Time Dependent
 Cytochrome P450 Inhibition (IC50 Shift) by Choline Chloride in Human Liver Microsomes 

Evaluation of Direct Cytochrome
 P450 Inhibition by Choline Chloride in Human Liver Microsomes 

Evaluation of Cytochrome
 P450 Induction by Choline Chloride in Human Hepatocytes 

Evaluation of Transporter
 Inhibition by Choline Chloride in Caco-2 Cells 

Evaluating of Cytochrome
 P450 2C8, 2C9, and 2C19 mRNA Induction by Choline Chloride in Human Hepatocytes 
 
 In vitro BSEP inhibition 
 
 Assessment of Choline as
 an Inhibitor of Human BSEP Mediated Transport 

Assessment of Choline as
 a Substrate of Human BSEP Mediated Transport 
 
 Nonclinical pharmacology studies 
 
 Non-GLP Pilot Single Dose,
 Escalating Dose Tolerance Study of Choline by Intravenous Infusion in Male Beagle Dogs 

GLP Single-dose IV Cardiovascular
 Study in Surgically Instrumented Male Dogs Monitored by Telemetry 

GLP Combined Single-dose
 IV Neurobehavioral and Respiratory Study 

13 

Regulatory Interactions 

We have received feedback
from the FDA on a number of key aspects of the overall clinical program necessary for registration, including a Phase 1 pharmacokinetic
study and a Phase 3 clinical trial. We completed a retrospective, observational study of patients dependent on PN for 6 or more months.
The objective of the study was to understand the incidence of cholestasis, a hallmark pathology of IFALD in this patient population by
measuring serum alkaline phosphatase (ALP) levels greater than 1.5 times the upper limit of normal ULN as a key marker of cholestasis.
Results of the study showed: 31 of all patients, irrespective of baseline levels, presented with ALP levels greater than 1.5 times the
ULN at any given time during 6 to 36 months. In addition, approximately 28 of all patients had persistent ALP elevations greater than
1.5 times the ULN at 36 months. At baseline, approximately 23 of patients presented with ALP levels greater than 1.5 times the ULN with
approximately 76 presenting with greater than 1.5 times the ULN at any given time during 6 to 36 months and approximately 59 with persistent
ALP elevations greater than 1.5 times the ULN at 36 months. While medical management demonstrated some improvement in ALP levels, it
was not sufficient for managing ALP levels over the long term in patients on PN. Results support further exploration in patient population
to determine rates of choline deficiency and steatosis. We have initiated a prospective observational study to further characterize the
prevalence of choline deficiency, as well as cholestasis and steatosis. We plan to use information from this prospective study to determine
the appropriate next steps for the development program. 

Manufacturing 

Through our CDMO, we have
manufactured sufficient amounts of cGMP drug substance and drug product to initiate the planned clinical trials. Scale up for commercial
demand, if and when applicable, will commence when appropriate. Our end-to-end manufacturing of IV Choline Chloride is conducted in the
United States by a cGMP-compliant CDMO. However, due to current macroeconomic factors, such as rising inflation and supply chain shortages,
scaling up may be more difficult than originally anticipated. 

Collaborations and License Agreements 

Chugai Agreement 

On June 17, 2019, we entered
into an agreement, or the Chugai Agreement, with Chugai Pharmaceutical, a company organized and existing under the laws of Japan. Chugai
Pharmaceutical has developed and commercialized a therapeutic product, OK-432 (or Existing Product), in Japan and Taiwan, or the Chugai
Territory and owns and controls certain materials and documents related to the Existing Product (or the Chugai Materials). Pursuant to
the Chugai Agreement, Chugai Pharmaceutical has provided us with certain materials and documents relating to the Existing Product and
has provided certain technical services to us for our development and commercialization in territories other than the Chugai Territory,
or the Protara Territory of a new therapeutic product, or the New Product or TARA-002 comparable to the Existing Product beginning on
the effective date of the Chugai Agreement and ending on June 30, 2020, or any other date to be agreed to by the parties, or the Chugai
Service Period. Under the Chugai Agreement, Chugai Pharmaceutical will exclusively provide the Existing Product and Chugai Materials
to us and will not provide the Existing Product or Chugai Materials to any third parties during the Chugai Service Period, other than
for medical, compassionate use and/or non-commercial research purposes. Additionally, beginning on the effective date of the Chugai Agreement
and ending on the fifth anniversary of such date or upon the termination of the Chugai Agreement, whichever comes earlier, Chugai Pharmaceutical
will not provide Chugai Materials or technical support to any third-party for the purpose of development and commercialization in the
Protara Territory of a therapeutic product comparable to the Existing Product. We are responsible, at our sole cost and expense, for
the development and commercialization of the New Product in the Protara Territory. 

On July 14, 2020, we and Chugai Pharmaceutical entered into an amendment
of the Chugai Agreement, or the Chugai Amendment, with an effective date as of June 30, 2020. The Chugai Amendment extends the date through
which Chugai will exclusively provide the Existing Product and materials to us from June 30, 2020 to June 30, 2021, extends the date through
which Chugai will not provide materials or technical support to any third-party for the purpose of development and commercialization in
a given area from the fifth anniversary to the eleventh anniversary of the original effective date (extended to June 17, 2030), and provides
for further such extensions on the occurrence of certain events and milestones. The Chugai Amendment also provides that, in addition to
the designated fee payable upon the initial indication approval in the Chugai Agreement described below, we will pay Chugai a designated
fee in the low, single digit millions for each additional indication approval. 

14 

As consideration for Chugai Pharmaceutical s performance under
the Chugai Agreement, we agreed to pay Chugai Pharmaceutical a payment in the low, single-digit millions, which will be made in two installments
with an initial payment made in July 2020, and the remaining majority of the total amount will be payable upon FDA approval of the New
Product. 

We granted Chugai Pharmaceutical
a right of first refusal on terms to be negotiated between the parties for a license related to the New Product-relevant information,
data and documentation and inventions to develop and commercialize the New Product in the Chugai Territory. We will be responsible for
manufacturing and supplying or causing our CDMO to manufacture and supply the New Product to Chugai Pharmaceutical. 

The Chugai Agreement will
remain in full force and effect until the first anniversary of the date of FDA approval of the New Product, unless terminated sooner,
or the Chugai Term. Following the Chugai Service Period and during the Chugai Term, Chugai Pharmaceutical may terminate the Chugai Agreement,
in whole or in part, without cause, by providing us 90 days prior written notice. Following such termination, we would maintain exclusive
access to Chugai Materials, subject to the termination clauses outlined below. We may terminate the Chugai Agreement, in whole only,
by providing Chugai Pharmaceutical 90 days prior written notice if (i) we decide to discontinue the New Product development; (ii)
we decide that the FDA s requirements for the New Product are not likely to be met; or (iii) the FDA identifies a safety issue
regarding the New Product. 

In addition, either party
may terminate the Chugai Agreement, in whole or in part, in the event that the other party materially breaches the Chugai Agreement and
fails to cure the breach within 30 days of written notice. Either party may terminate the Chugai Agreement in its entirety immediately
upon notice to the other party if such other party: (i) is dissolved or liquidated or takes any corporate action for such purpose; (ii)
becomes insolvent or is generally unable to pay, or fails to pay, its debts as they become due; (iii) files or has filed against it a
petition for voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy or otherwise becomes subject to any proceeding under any domestic or foreign bankruptcy
or insolvency laws; (iv) makes or seeks to make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors; or (v) applies for or has a receiver,
trustee, custodian or similar agent appointed by order of any court to take charge of or sell any material portion of its property or
business. 

In the event that we undergo
a change of control, Chugai Pharmaceutical may terminate the Chugai Agreement upon 90 days written notice to us, absent a written
pledge by the new controlling party of its agreement to fulfill and undertake all obligations of ours and to be bound by the Chugai Agreement. 

Sponsored Research and License Agreement 

On November 28, 2018, we
entered into a sponsored research and license agreement, or the Research Agreement, with The University of Iowa, or the University, pursuant
to which the University will provide access to certain program data related to Chugai Pharmaceutical s OK-432 and will assist us
in conducting certain clinical studies. As consideration for the University s performance under the Research Agreement, we will
pay the University 30,000 per year in funding for the project, taking into consideration the time spent by University employees required
for the Project. The parties also agree to discuss in good faith potential additional funding required for completion of the project
pursuant to the Research Agreement as applicable and necessary. In addition, within 45 days of approval of the TARA-002 BLA by the FDA,
we will pay a one-time approval milestone to the University, the amount of which depends on the usefulness of the program data in TARA-002 s
BLA filing, and the milestone amount will range from 0 to 1 million. We will also be responsible for certain tiered royalties on annual
net sales of products for the indication, which royalty rates are in the low single digit percentages. These royalty rates are also subject
to a reduction in the event that regulatory authorities determine that the program data is not sufficient for regulatory approval on
its own and additional pediatric efficacy and safety clinical studies are required. In the event that the annual net sales surpass certain
dollar amount thresholds, we will need to make certain additional milestone payments following the close of the calendar quarter in which
each milestone is reached, with the payments ranging from 62,500 to 125,000. 

15 

We may terminate the Research
Agreement upon 30 days prior written notice to the University. Either party may terminate the project under the Research Agreement
and all commitments and obligations with respect thereto upon 30 days prior written notice to the other party. In the event of
any termination of the project under the Research Agreement by the University, (a) the University agrees to complete certain phases of
the project and (b) we will continue to provide annual funding until the completion of the second phase of the project. Upon termination
of the project by us, the Agreement will terminate and we will reassign to the University the IND for LMs. 

Choline License Agreement 

On September 27, 2017, we
entered into a choline license agreement, or the Choline Agreement, with Alan L. Buchman, M.D., pursuant to which Dr. Buchman granted
us an exclusive, worldwide, non-transferable license in and to certain licensed orphan designations, a certain licensed IND, certain
existing study data and certain licensed know-how to develop, make, use, sell, offer for sale and import the licensed product during
the term of the Choline Agreement. We are solely responsible for all fees and expenses under the Choline Agreement, including all due
diligence obligations, regulatory authority fees, attorney fees and consulting fees. During the term of the Choline Agreement, Dr. Buchman
may not work with any third parties on any product competing with the licensed product. In consideration for the rights and licenses
granted under the Agreement, we made an initial upfront payment of 50,000 to Dr. Buchman. 

Certain milestone and royalty
payments may also be payable to Dr. Buchman. Pursuant to the Choline Agreement, we paid Dr. Buchman 50,000 in October 2019 because we
had not received at least 5 million in working capital from any source or in any manner as of October 15, 2019. We then paid Dr. Buchman
a 550,000 milestone in January 2020 following our receipt of at least 5 million in working capital. 

Regardless of whether development or commercialization is undertaken
by us under the Choline Agreement, commencing in November 2022 and during the term of the Choline Agreement, we will pay Dr. Buchman a
minimum annual royalty that ranges from 25,000 to 75,000. 

We owe Dr. Buchman sales
royalties based on aggregate net sales of IV Choline Chloride in each calendar quarter, with the royalty rates ranging from 5.0 to 10.5 
of net sales. In the event of development or commercialization activity by any sublicensees, we also agreed to pay Dr. Buchman a royalty
in the mid-single digit percentage of (i) net cash receipts, after payment of taxes, received by us from sublicensees for their sales
of licensed products and (ii) any other consideration received by us from such sublicensees; in each case, including a fair monetary
value for any transaction that is not a bona fide arms-length transaction or that is for consideration other than monetary. Further,
in the event of a sale or transfer of a priority review voucher regarding the license product, regardless of whether any development
or commercialization activity is undertaken by us or our sublicensees, we agreed to pay Dr. Buchman a milestone payment representing
the mid-single digit percentage of (i) net cash receipts, after payment of taxes and (ii) any other consideration; in each case, received
by us, our affiliates, or our sublicensees, including a fair monetary value for any transaction that is not a bona fide arms-length transaction
or that is for consideration other than monetary. 

We will also pay Dr. Buchman
up to 775,000 in additional milestone payments upon the achievement of various regulatory approval milestones. 

16 

The Choline Agreement will
remain in full force and effect until the last sale of the licensed product under the Choline Agreement. After we received the FDA s
written minutes from the initial FDA meeting concerning the development of the first licensed product for one or more of the licensed
indications, we paid an additional payment of 100,000 to Dr. Buchman and elected not terminate the Choline Agreement at that time. The
Choline Agreement may be terminated by Dr. Buchman if, following regulatory approval of a licensed product, we have not made our first
sale of a licensed product within such country within a specified time period. We may terminate the Choline Agreement for convenience
upon 90 days prior written notice to Dr. Buchman. Dr. Buchman may terminate the Choline Agreement for non-payment of any payment
due that has not been cured. Either party may terminate the Choline Agreement if the other party is in material breach and has not cured
such breach within 60 days notice. In addition, Dr. Buchman may terminate the Choline Agreement upon 60 days prior written
notice if (a) we cease or threaten to cease to carry on our business; (b) a petition or resolution for the making of an administration
order or for the bankruptcy, winding-up or dissolution of us is presented or passed; (c) we file a voluntary petition in bankruptcy or
insolvency; (d) a receiver or administrator takes possession of our assets or (e) any similar procedure is commenced against us in the
United States. 

License Agreement 

On December 22, 2017, we
entered into a license agreement, or the License Agreement, with The Feinstein Institute for Medical Research, a not-for-profit corporation
organized and existing under the laws of New York, or the Institute. The Institute owns, by assignment, a U.S. patent related to the
treatment of fatty liver disease in humans. Pursuant to the License Agreement, the Institute granted us an exclusive, worldwide license,
with the right to grant sublicenses to non-affiliate third parties, to develop, make, have made, use, sell, offer for sale and import
certain products for use in the field of fatty liver disease in humans receiving total parenteral nutrition, by administering, as monotherapy,
a pharmaceutical composition comprising intravenous choline, wherein the fatty liver disease is selected from IFALD, non-alcoholic fatty
liver, non-alcoholic steatohepatitis, or NASH, NASH-associated liver fibrosis, or non-alcoholic cirrhosis. Notwithstanding the exclusive
rights granted to us, the Institute will retain the right to make, use and practice such patents in its own laboratories solely for non-commercial
scientific purposes and for continued non-commercial research. 

As consideration for the
license grant, we agreed to pay the Institute tiered royalties of between 1.0 and 1.5 of all net sales. In addition, we agreed to pay
the Institute a low double digit percentage of net proceeds resulting from agreements entered into within two years from the effective
date of the License Agreement and a mid-single digit percentage of net proceeds resulting from agreements entered into thereafter. We
also agreed to make certain license maintenance payments of 15,000 beginning on the second anniversary of the effective date of the
License Agreement and continuing upon every anniversary thereafter until the first commercial sale of a licensed product. Beginning on
the first anniversary of the effective date of the License Agreement after the first commercial sale of a licensed product and every
anniversary of the effective date of the License Agreement thereafter, we will pay the Institute 30,000 as a license maintenance fee.
Such license maintenance fees are non-refundable but are creditable against future royalty payments due to the Institute during the 12-month
period following each such anniversary. 

We agreed to make certain
one-time milestone payments in the aggregate amount of 375,000 upon the achievement of certain regulatory approval milestones, of which
 100,000 was paid on January 28, 2020 upon us having consummated the Private Placements. 

Unless terminated earlier,
the License Agreement will expire upon the expiration of the last to expire patent under the License Agreement. We may terminate the
License Agreement by giving the Institute 60 days prior notice. Either party may terminate the License Agreement in the event
of a default or breach by the other party that has not been cured within 60 days of such notice. If we (i) make an assignment for the
benefit of creditors or if proceedings for a voluntary bankruptcy are instituted on our behalf; (ii) are declared bankrupt or insolvent
or (iii) are convicted of a felony relating to the manufacture, use or sale of the licensed products or a felony relating to moral turpitude,
the Institute may terminate the License Agreement. 

17 

Intellectual Property 

Our intellectual property
is critical to our business and we strive to protect it, including by obtaining and maintaining patent protection in the U.S. and internationally
for our product candidates, novel biological discoveries, epitopes, new therapeutic approaches and potential indications, and other inventions
that are important to our business. Throughout the development of our product candidates, we will seek to identify additional means of
obtaining patent protection that would potentially enhance commercial success. We also rely upon trade secrets, know-how, continuing
technological innovation and in-licensing opportunities to develop and maintain our proprietary position. 

The patent positions of
biotechnology companies like us are generally uncertain and involve complex legal, scientific and factual questions. We recognize that
the ability to obtain patent protection and the degree of such protection depends on a number of factors, including the extent of the
prior art, the novelty and non-obviousness of the invention, and the ability to satisfy the enablement requirement of the patent laws.
In addition, the coverage claimed in a patent application can be significantly reduced before the patent is issued, and its scope can
be reinterpreted after issuance. Consequently, we may not obtain or maintain adequate patent protection for any of our product candidates.
Any patents that we hold may be challenged, circumvented or invalidated by third parties. 

Our commercial success will also depend in part on not infringing the
proprietary rights of third parties. In addition, we have licensed rights under proprietary technologies of third parties to develop,
manufacture and commercialize specific aspects of our products and services. It is uncertain whether the issuance of any third-party patent
would require us to alter our development or commercial strategies, alter our processes, obtain licenses or cease certain activities.
The expiration of patents or patent applications licensed from third parties or our breach of any license agreements or failure to obtain
a license to proprietary rights that it may require to develop or commercialize our future technology may have a material adverse impact
on it. If third parties prepare and file patent applications in the United States that also claim technology to which we have rights,
we may have to participate in interference proceedings in the USPTO, to determine priority of invention. For a more comprehensive discussion
of the risks related to our intellectual property, please see Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property. 

TARA-002: 

TARA-002 is a genetically
distinct Su strain of Streptococcus pyogenes (group A, type 3). TARA-002 is produced through a proprietary manufacturing process.
We believe a significant barrier to entry exists, as we believe only Chugai Pharmaceutical and we have the specific strain and possess
the know-how to manufacture the product. We anticipate that, if approved by the FDA, TARA-002 will be protected by 12 years of biologic
exclusivity. 

IV Choline Chloride: 

With respect to IV Choline
Chloride, we have acquired an exclusive, worldwide license to U.S. Patent 8,865,641 B2 from the Feinstein Institute for Medical Research
providing protection in the United States until 2035. The patent applies to a method of treating a fatty liver disease in a subject.
In particular, the method comprises administering to the subject an effective amount of a cholinergic pathway stimulating agent, wherein
the fatty liver disease is selected from non-alcoholic fatty liver, alcoholic fatty liver, NASH, alcoholic steatohepatitis, or ASH, NASH-associated
liver fibrosis, ASH-associated liver fibrosis, non-alcoholic cirrhosis and alcoholic cirrhosis. In addition, in April 2022, the USPTO
issued to us Patent No. US 11,311,503 claiming a sterile aqueous choline salt composition with a term expiring in 2041. We would expect
to list such patent in the FDA s Orange Book List of Approved Drug Products with Therapeutic Equivalence Evaluations if IV Choline
Chloride is approved by the FDA for the treatment of IFALD. 

18 

The term of individual patents
depends upon the legal term of the patents in the countries in which they are obtained. In most countries in which we may file, the patent
term is 20 years from the earliest date of filing a non-provisional patent application related to the patent. A U.S. patent also may
be accorded a patent term adjustment under certain circumstances to compensate for delays in obtaining the patent from the USPTO. In
some instances, such a patent term adjustment may result in a U.S. patent term extending beyond 20 years from the earliest date of filing
a non-provisional patent application related to the U.S. patent. In addition, in the United States, the term of a U.S. patent that covers
an FDA-approved drug may also be eligible for patent term extension, which permits patent term restoration as compensation for the patent
term lost during the FDA regulatory review process. The Hatch-Waxman Act permits a patent term extension of up to five years beyond the
expiration of the patent. The length of the patent term extension is related to the length of time the drug is under regulatory review.
Patent term extension cannot extend the remaining term of a patent beyond a total of 14 years from the date of product approval and only
one patent applicable to an approved drug may be extended. Similar provisions are available in Europe and other foreign jurisdictions
to extend the term of a patent that covers an approved drug. In the future, if and when our products receive FDA approval, we expect
to apply for patent term extensions on patents covering certain of those products, when applicable. 

We also rely on trade secrets
relating to product candidates and seek to protect and maintain the confidentiality of proprietary information to protect aspects of
our business that are not amenable to, or that we do not consider appropriate for, patent protection. Although we take steps to protect
our proprietary information and trade secrets, including through contractual means with our employees and consultants, third parties
may independently develop substantially equivalent proprietary information and techniques or otherwise gain access to our trade secrets,
including through breaches of such agreements with our employees and consultants. Thus, we may not be able to meaningfully protect our
trade secrets. It is our policy to require our employees, consultants, outside scientific partners, sponsored researchers and other advisors
to execute confidentiality agreements upon the commencement of employment or consulting relationships with us. These agreements provide
that all confidential information concerning our business or financial affairs developed or made known to the individual during the course
of the individual s relationship with us is to be kept confidential and not disclosed to third parties except in specific circumstances.
Our agreements with employees also provide that all inventions conceived by the employee in the course of employment with us or from
the employee s use of our confidential information are our exclusive property. 

Manufacturing 

We rely on CDMOs to produce
our drug candidates in accordance with cGMP as well as regulations for use in clinical trials and for commercial product. The manufacture
of pharmaceuticals is subject to extensive cGMP regulations, which impose various procedural and documentation requirements and govern
all areas of record keeping, production processes and controls, personnel and quality control. 

The CDMOs that we partner
with have the capability to produce clinical supply required for clinical trials, as well as support commercial scale-up activities for
both products. 

We manufacture TARA-002
using an equivalent, but modernized, proprietary manufacturing process as is used to produce OK-432 by Chugai Pharmaceutical, starting
with a master cell line propagated by us but utilizing the same genetically distinct strain of Streptococcus pyogenes (A group,
type 3) Su strain as OK-432. We have contracted a CDMO to manufacture TARA-002. 

Both TARA-002 and IV Choline
Chloride are or will be manufactured in the United States. The starting materials for TARA-002 were provided to us pursuant to an agreement
with Chugai Pharmaceutical. The regulatory starting materials for IV Choline Chloride are available commercially. 

19 

Sales and Marketing 

We plan to become a fully-integrated
commercial biopharmaceutical company pursuing our mission of supporting and improving the lives of patients suffering from cancer and
rare diseases. 

If approved by the FDA,
we plan to commercialize both of our current product candidates in the United States first and then in other geographies. As we advance
TARA-002 and IV Choline Chloride through our respective clinical development programs, we plan to grow our commercial organization in
support of anticipated product launches. 

Competition 

The process for commercialization
of new drugs is very competitive, and we could potentially face worldwide competition from other pharmaceutical companies, biotechnology
companies and ultimately generic or biosimilar products. Our potential competitors may develop or market therapies that are available
sooner, more clinically effective, safer or less expensive than any therapeutic products we develop. Numerous companies are engaged in
the development, patenting, manufacturing and marketing of healthcare products competitive with those that we are developing. 

With respect to our lead
product candidate, TARA-002, for the treatment of NMIBC and LMs, the active ingredient in TARA-002 is a genetically distinct strain of
 Streptococcus pyogenes (group A, type 3) Su strain. TARA-002 is produced through a proprietary manufacturing process. We anticipate
that, if approved by the FDA, TARA-002 will be protected by 12 years of biologic exclusivity. In addition, based on the prevalence of
the disease, TARA-002 is likely to have seven years of concurrent Orphan Drug Designation exclusivity for the treatment of LMs. 

There are no approved pharmacotherapies
currently available for the treatment of LMs and the current treatment options include a high-risk surgical procedure and off-label use
of sclerosants, including doxycycline, bleomycin, ethanol and sodium tetradecyl sulfate. There are a number of drug development companies
and academic researchers exploring oral and topical formulations of various agents for the treatment of LMs including macrolides, phosphodiesterase
inhibitors, and calcineurin/mTOR inhibitors. These are in early development. 

TARA-002, if approved for
the treatment of NMIBC, would be subject to competition from existing treatment methods of surgery, chemotherapy and immunomodulatory
therapy. For example, the current standard of care for NMIBC includes intravesical BCG TICE (manufactured by Merck Co., Inc.). Other
products approved for the treatment of NMIBC include Merck Co., Inc. s Keytruda, Endo International plc s Valstar and
Ferring B.V. s Adstiladrin. Additional product candidates in development include Japanese BCG Laboratory s BCG Tokyo, Pfizer
Inc. s Sasanlimab in combination with BCG, ImmunityBio, Inc. s VesAnktiva in combination with BCG, CG Oncology Inc. s
CG0070, Sesen Bio, Inc. s Vicineum, enGene Inc. s, EG-70, Seagen Inc. s PADCEV, Janssen s TAR200 combined with
gemcitabine plus or minus Cetrelimab, Urogen Pharma Ltd. s Jelmyto,and Auro BioSciences, Inc. s Aura-0011. Additional pharmaceutical
and biotechnology companies with product candidates in development for the treatment of NMIBC include but may not be limited to Verity
Pharmaceuticals, Inc., AstraZeneca PLC, Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, Roche Group, Asieris Pharmaceuticals, BeiGene, Ltd, NanOlogy, LLC,
Linton Pharm Co., Ltd., Lindis Biotech GmbH, Theralase Technologies Inc., Taizhou Hanzhong biomedical co. Ltd., Shionogi Co., Ltd.,
Rapamycin Holdings, Inc., Vaxiion Therapeutics Inc., Incyte Corporation, LiPac Oncology, Inc., Anika Therapeutics Inc., Surge Pharmaceuticals
Pvt. Ltd., and Istari Oncology, Inc. 

There are no treatments
currently available for IFALD. With respect to IV Choline Chloride for the treatment of IFALD, IV Choline Chloride is the only sterile
injectable form of choline chloride that can be combined with parenteral nutrition. Further, if approved, IV Choline Chloride will be
protected by Orphan Drug Designation exclusivity for seven years. 

Government Regulation and Product Approval 

The FDA and other regulatory
authorities at federal, state, and local levels, as well as in foreign countries, extensively regulate, among other things, the research,
development, testing, manufacture, quality control, import, export, safety, effectiveness, labeling, packaging, storage, distribution,
record keeping, approval, advertising, promotion, marketing, post-approval monitoring, and post-approval reporting of drugs and biologics
such as those we are developing. We, along with third-party contractors, will be required to navigate the various preclinical, clinical
and commercial approval requirements of the governing regulatory agencies of the countries in which we wish to conduct studies or seek
approval or licensure of our product candidates. 

20 

In the United States, the
FDA regulates drugs under the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, or FDCA and biologics additionally under the Public Health Services
Act, or PHSA, as well as their respective implementing regulations. The process required by the FDA before biopharmaceutical product
candidates may be marketed in the United States generally involves the following: 

completion
 of preclinical laboratory tests and animal studies performed in accordance with the FDA s current Good Laboratory Practices,
 or cGLP regulations; 

submission
 to the FDA of an IND, which must become effective before clinical trials may begin and must be updated annually or when significant
 changes are made; 

approval
 by an independent Institutional Review Board, or IRB, or ethics committee at each clinical site before the trial is commenced; 

performance
 of adequate and well-controlled human clinical trials to establish the safety and efficacy of a product candidate and the safety,
 purity and potency of the proposed biologic product candidate for its intended purpose; 

preparation
 of and submission to the FDA of an NDA or BLA after completion of all pivotal clinical trials that includes substantial evidence
 of safety, purity and potency or efficacy from results of nonclinical testing and clinical trials; 

a
 determination by the FDA within 60 days of its receipt of an NDA or BLA to accept the application for review; 

satisfactory
 completion of an FDA Advisory Committee review, if applicable; 

satisfactory
 completion of an FDA pre-approval inspection of the manufacturing facility or facilities at which the proposed product is produced
 to assess compliance with cGMP, and of selected clinical investigation sites to assess compliance with current Good Clinical Practices,
 or cGCP; and 

FDA
 review and approval, or licensure, of the NDA or BLA to permit commercial marketing of the product for particular indications for
 use in the United States. 

Preclinical and Clinical Development 

Prior to beginning the first
clinical trial with a product candidate, we must submit an IND to the FDA. An IND is a request for authorization from the FDA to administer
an investigational new drug product to humans. The central focus of an IND submission is on the general investigational plan and the
protocol(s) for clinical trials. The IND also includes results of animal and in vitro studies assessing the toxicology, pharmacokinetics,
pharmacology, and pharmacodynamic characteristics of the product candidate; chemistry, manufacturing, and controls information; and any
available human data or literature to support the use of the investigational product. An IND must become effective before human clinical
trials may begin. The IND automatically becomes effective 30 days after receipt by the FDA, unless the FDA, within the 30-day time period,
raises safety concerns or questions about the proposed clinical trial. In such a case, the IND may be placed on clinical hold and the
IND sponsor and the FDA must resolve any outstanding concerns or questions before the clinical trial can begin. Submission of an IND
therefore may or may not result in FDA authorization to begin a clinical trial. 

21 

Clinical trials involve
the administration of the investigational product to human subjects under the supervision of qualified investigators in accordance with
GCPs, which include the requirement that all research subjects provide their informed consent for their participation in any clinical
trial. Clinical trials are conducted under protocols detailing, among other things, the objectives of the trial, the parameters to be
used in monitoring safety and the effectiveness criteria to be evaluated. A separate submission to the existing IND must be made for
each successive clinical trial conducted during product development and for any subsequent protocol amendments. Furthermore, an independent
IRB for each site proposing to conduct the clinical trial must review and approve the plan for any clinical trial and its informed consent
form before the clinical trial begins at that site, and must monitor the trial until completed. Regulatory authorities, the IRB or the
sponsor may suspend a clinical trial at any time on various grounds, including a finding that the subjects are being exposed to an unacceptable
health risk or that the trial is unlikely to meet its stated objectives. Some studies also include oversight by an independent group
of qualified experts organized by the clinical trial sponsor, known as a data safety monitoring board, which provides authorization for
whether or not a trial may move forward at designated check points based on access to certain data from the trial and may halt the clinical
trial if it determines that there is an unacceptable safety risk for subjects or other grounds, such as no demonstration of efficacy.
There are also requirements governing the reporting of ongoing clinical trials and clinical trial results to public registries. 

Human clinical trials are
typically conducted in three sequential phases that may overlap. 

Phase
 1 The investigational product is initially introduced into healthy human subjects or
 patients with the target disease or condition. These trials are designed to test the safety,
 dosage tolerance, absorption, metabolism, distribution and elimination of the investigational
 product in humans, the side effects associated with increasing doses, and, if possible, to
 gain early evidence on effectiveness. 

Phase
 2 The investigational product is administered to a limited patient population with a specified disease or condition to evaluate
 the preliminary efficacy, optimal dosages and dosing schedule and to identify possible adverse side effects and safety risks. Multiple
 Phase 2 clinical trials may be conducted to obtain information prior to beginning larger and more expensive Phase 3 clinical trials. 

Phase
 3 The investigational product is administered to an expanded patient population to further evaluate dosage, to provide statistically
 significant evidence of clinical efficacy and to further test for safety, generally at multiple geographically dispersed clinical
 trial sites. These clinical trials are intended to establish the overall risk/benefit ratio of the investigational product and to
 provide an adequate basis for product approval. 

In some cases, the FDA may
require, or companies may voluntarily pursue, additional clinical trials after a product is approved to gain more information about the
product. These so-called Phase 4 trials may be made a condition to approval of the NDA or BLA. Concurrent with clinical trials, companies
may complete additional animal studies and develop additional information about the biological characteristics of the product candidate,
and must finalize a process for manufacturing the product in commercial quantities in accordance with cGMP requirements. The manufacturing
process must be capable of consistently producing quality batches of the product candidate and, among other things, must develop methods
for testing the identity, strength, quality and purity of the final product, or for biologics, the safety, purity and potency. Additionally,
appropriate packaging must be selected and tested and stability studies must be conducted to demonstrate that the product candidate does
not undergo unacceptable deterioration over its shelf life. 

22 

Application Submission, Review and Approval 

Assuming successful completion
of all required testing in accordance with all applicable regulatory requirements, the results of product development, nonclinical studies
and clinical trials are submitted to the FDA as part of an NDA or BLA requesting approval to market the product for one or more indications.
The NDA or BLA must include all relevant data available from pertinent preclinical and clinical trials, including negative or ambiguous
results as well as positive findings, together with detailed information relating to the product s chemistry, manufacturing, controls,
and proposed labeling, among other things. The submission of an NDA or BLA requires payment of a substantial application user fee to
the FDA, unless a waiver or exemption applies. 

Once an NDA or BLA has been
submitted, the FDA s goal is to review standard applications within ten months after it accepts the application for filing, or,
if the application qualifies for priority review, six months after the FDA accepts the application for filing. In both standard and priority
reviews, the review process is often significantly extended by FDA requests for additional information or clarification. The FDA reviews
the application to determine, among other things, whether a product is safe, pure and potent and the facility in which it is manufactured,
processed, packed, or held meets standards designed to assure the product s continued safety, purity and potency. The FDA may convene
an advisory committee to provide clinical insight on application review questions. Before approving an NDA or BLA, the FDA will typically
inspect the facility or facilities where the product is manufactured. The FDA will not approve an application unless it determines that
the manufacturing processes and facilities are in compliance with cGMP requirements and adequate to assure consistent production of the
product within required specifications. Additionally, before approving an NDA or BLA, the FDA will typically inspect one or more clinical
sites to assure compliance with GCP. If the FDA determines that the application, manufacturing process or manufacturing facilities are
not acceptable, it will outline the deficiencies in the submission and often will request additional testing or information. Notwithstanding
the submission of any requested additional information, the FDA ultimately may decide that the application does not satisfy the regulatory
criteria for approval. 

The FDA may issue an approval
letter or a Complete Response letter. An approval letter authorizes commercial marketing of the product with specific prescribing information
for specific indications. A Complete Response letter will describe all of the deficiencies that the FDA has identified in the NDA or
BLA. In issuing the Complete Response letter, the FDA may recommend actions that the applicant might take to place the application in
condition for approval, including requests for additional information or clarification. The FDA may delay or refuse approval of an application
if applicable regulatory criteria are not satisfied, require additional testing or information and/or require post-marketing testing
and surveillance to monitor safety or efficacy of a product. 

If regulatory approval of
a product is granted, such approval will be granted for particular indications and may entail limitations on the indicated uses for which
such product may be marketed. For example, the FDA may impose a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy, or REMS, to ensure the benefits
of the product outweigh its risks. A REMS is a safety strategy to manage a known or potential serious risk associated with a product
and to enable patients to have continued access to such medicines by managing their safe use, and could include medication guides, physician
communication plans, or elements to assure safe use, such as restricted distribution methods, patient registries and other risk minimization
tools. The FDA also may condition approval on, among other things, changes to proposed labeling or the development of adequate controls
and specifications. Once approved, the FDA may withdraw the product approval if compliance with pre- and post-marketing requirements
is not maintained or if problems occur after the product reaches the marketplace. The FDA may require one or more Phase 4 post-market
trials and surveillance to further assess and monitor the product s safety and effectiveness after commercialization, and may limit
further marketing of the product based on the results of these post-marketing trials. 

23 

Orphan Drug Designation 

Under the Orphan Drug Act,
the FDA may grant orphan designation to a drug or biologic intended to treat a rare disease or condition, which is a disease or condition
that affects fewer than 200,000 individuals in the United States, or more than 200,000 individuals in the United States for which there
is no reasonable expectation that the cost of developing and making available in the United States a drug or biologic for this type of
disease or condition will be recovered from sales in the United States for that drug or biologic. Orphan designation must be requested
before submitting an NDA or BLA. After the FDA grants orphan designation, the generic identity of the therapeutic agent and its potential
orphan use are disclosed publicly by the FDA. The orphan drug designation does not convey any advantage in, or shorten the duration of,
the regulatory review or approval process. 

If a product that has orphan
designation subsequently receives the first FDA approval for the disease for which it has such designation, the product is entitled to
orphan exclusivity, which means that the FDA may not approve any other applications, including a full NDA or BLA, to market the same
product for the same indication for seven years, except in limited circumstances, such as a showing of clinical superiority to the product
with orphan drug exclusivity. Orphan exclusivity does not prevent FDA from approving a different drug or biologic for the same disease
or condition, or the same drug or biologic for a different disease or condition. Among the other benefits of orphan drug designation
are tax credits for certain research and a waiver of the BLA application fee. 

A designated orphan product
may not receive orphan exclusivity if it is approved for a use that is broader than the indication for which it received orphan designation.
In addition, exclusive marketing rights in the United States may be lost if the FDA later determines that the request for designation
was materially defective or if the manufacturer is unable to assure sufficient quantities of the product to meet the needs of patients
with the rare disease or condition. 

The FDA incentivizes the
development of drugs and biologics that meet the definition of a rare pediatric disease defined to mean a serious or life-threatening
disease in which the serious of life-threatening manifestations primarily affect individuals aged from birth to 18 years and the disease
affects fewer than 200,000 individuals in the United States or affects 200,000 or more in the United States and for which there is no
reasonable expectation that the cost of developing and making in the United States a drug for such disease or condition will be received
from sales in the United States of such drug. The sponsor of a product candidate for a rare pediatric disease may be eligible for a voucher
that can be used to obtain a priority review for a subsequent human drug or biologic application after the date of approval of the rare
pediatric disease drug product, referred to as a priority review voucher, or PRV. A rare pediatric disease designation does not guarantee
that a sponsor will receive a PRV upon approval of its NDA or BLA. If a PRV is received, it may be sold or transferred an unlimited number
of times. Congress has extended the PRV program until September 30, 2024, with the potential for PRVs to be granted until September
30, 2026. 

Post-Approval Requirements 

Any products manufactured
or distributed pursuant to FDA approvals are subject to pervasive and continuing regulation by the FDA, including, among other things,
requirements relating to quality control and quality assurance, record-keeping, reporting of adverse experiences, periodic reporting,
product sampling and distribution, and advertising and promotion of the product. After approval, most changes to the approved product,
such as adding new indications or other labeling claims, are subject to prior FDA review and approval. There also are continuing user
fee requirements, under which FDA assesses an annual program fee for each product identified in an approved NDA or BLA. Biopharmaceutical
manufacturers and their subcontractors are required to register their establishments with the FDA and certain state agencies, and are
subject to periodic unannounced inspections by the FDA and certain state agencies for compliance with cGMP, which impose certain procedural
and documentation requirements upon sponsors and their third-party manufacturers. Changes to the manufacturing process are strictly regulated,
and, depending on the significance of the change, may require prior FDA approval before being implemented. FDA regulations also require
investigation and correction of any deviations from cGMP and impose reporting requirements upon sponsor and third-party manufacturers.
Accordingly, manufacturers must continue to expend time, money and effort in the area of production and quality control to maintain compliance
with cGMP and other aspects of regulatory compliance. 

24 

The FDA may withdraw approval
if compliance with regulatory requirements and standards is not maintained or if problems occur after the product reaches the market.
Later discovery of previously unknown problems with a product, including adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency, or with
manufacturing processes, or failure to comply with regulatory requirements, may result in revisions to the approved labeling to add new
safety information; imposition of post-market studies or clinical trials to assess new safety risks; or imposition of distribution restrictions
or other restrictions under a REMS program. Other potential consequences include, among other things: 

restrictions
 on the marketing or manufacturing of a product, mandated modification of promotional materials or issuance of corrective information,
 issuance by FDA or other regulatory authorities of safety alerts, Dear Healthcare Provider letters, press releases or other communications
 containing warnings or other safety information about the product, or complete withdrawal of the product from the market or product
 recalls; 

fines,
 warning or untitled letters or holds on post-approval clinical trials; 

refusal
 of the FDA to approve pending applications or supplements to approved applications, or suspension or revocation of existing product
 approvals; 

product
 seizure or detention, or refusal of the FDA to permit the import or export of products; or 

injunctions,
 consent decrees or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties. 

The FDA closely regulates
the marketing, labeling, advertising and promotion of biopharmaceuticals. A company can make only those claims relating to safety and
efficacy, purity and potency of a biopharmaceutical that are approved by the FDA and in accordance with the provisions of the approved
label. The FDA and other agencies actively enforce the laws and regulations prohibiting the promotion of off-label uses. Failure to comply
with these requirements can result in, among other things, adverse publicity, warning letters, corrective advertising and potential civil
and criminal penalties. Physicians may prescribe legally available products for uses that are not described in the product s labeling
and that differ from those approved by the FDA. Such off-label uses are common across medical specialties. Physicians may believe that
such off-label uses are the best treatment for many patients in varied circumstances. The FDA does not regulate the behavior of physicians
in their choice of treatments. The FDA does, however, restrict manufacturer s communications on the subject of off-label use of
their products. 

Biosimilars and Reference Product Exclusivity 

The Patient Protection and
Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act, or ACA, signed into law in 2010, includes a subtitle
called the Biologics Price Competition and Innovation Act of 2009, or BPCIA, which created an abbreviated approval pathway for biological
products that are biosimilar to or interchangeable with an FDA-approved reference biological product. To date, a number of biosimilars
have been licensed under the BPCIA, and numerous biosimilars have been approved in Europe. The FDA has issued several guidance documents
outlining its approach to the review and approval of biosimilars. 

Biosimilarity, which
requires that there be no clinically meaningful differences between the biological product and the reference product in terms of
safety, purity, and potency, can be shown through analytical studies, animal studies, and a clinical trial or trials.
Interchangeability requires that a product is biosimilar to the reference product and the product must demonstrate that it can be
expected to produce the same clinical results as the reference product in any given patient and, for products that are administered
multiple times to an individual, the biologic and the reference biologic may be alternated or switched after one has been previously
administered without increasing safety risks or risks of diminished efficacy relative to exclusive use of the reference biologic.
Complexities associated with the larger, and often more complex, structures of biological products, as well as the processes by
which such products are manufactured, pose significant hurdles to implementation of the abbreviated approval pathway that are still
being worked out by the FDA. 

25 

Under the BPCIA, an application
for a biosimilar product may not be submitted to the FDA until four years following the date that the reference product was first licensed
by the FDA. In addition, the approval of a biosimilar product may not be made effective by the FDA until 12 years from the date on which
the reference product was first licensed. During this 12-year period of exclusivity, another company may still market a competing version
of the reference product if the FDA approves a full BLA for the competing product containing that applicant s own preclinical data
and data from adequate and well-controlled clinical trials to demonstrate the safety, purity and potency of its product. The BPCIA also
created certain exclusivity periods for biosimilars approved as interchangeable products. At this juncture, it is unclear whether products
deemed interchangeable by the FDA will, in fact, be readily substituted by pharmacies, which are governed by state pharmacy
law. 

The BPCIA is complex and
continues to be interpreted and implemented by the FDA. In addition, recent government proposals have sought to reduce the 12-year reference
product exclusivity period. Other aspects of the BPCIA, some of which may impact the BPCIA exclusivity provisions, have also been the
subject of recent litigation. As a result, the ultimate impact, implementation, and impact of the BPCIA is subject to significant uncertainty. 

Other U.S. Healthcare Laws and Compliance
Requirements 

In the United States, our
current and future operations are subject to regulation by various federal, state and local authorities in addition to the FDA, including
but not limited to, the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services, or CMS, other divisions of the U.S. Department of Health and Human
Services, or HHS, (such as the Office of Inspector General, Office for Civil Rights and the Health Resources and Service Administration),
the U.S. Department of Justice, or DOJ and individual U.S. Attorney offices within the DOJ, and state and local governments. For example,
our clinical research, sales, marketing and scientific/educational grant programs will need to comply with the anti-fraud and abuse provisions
of the Social Security Act, the false claims laws, the privacy and security provisions of the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability
Act, or HIPAA, and similar state laws, each as amended, as applicable. 

The federal Anti-Kickback
Statute prohibits, among other things, any person or entity, from knowingly and willfully offering, paying, soliciting or receiving any
remuneration, directly or indirectly, overtly or covertly, in cash or in kind, to induce or in return for purchasing, leasing, ordering
or arranging for the purchase, lease or order of any item or service reimbursable, in whole or in part, under Medicare, Medicaid or other
federal healthcare programs. The term remuneration has been interpreted broadly to include anything of value. The Anti-Kickback Statute
has been interpreted to apply to arrangements between therapeutic product manufacturers on one hand and prescribers, purchasers, and
formulary managers on the other. There are a number of statutory exceptions and regulatory safe harbors protecting some common activities
from prosecution. The exceptions and safe harbors are drawn narrowly and practices that involve remuneration that may be alleged to be
intended to induce prescribing, purchasing or recommending may be subject to scrutiny if they do not qualify for an exception or safe
harbor. Failure to meet all of the requirements of a particular applicable statutory exception or regulatory safe harbor does not make
the conduct per se illegal under the Anti-Kickback Statute. Instead, the legality of the arrangement will be evaluated on a case-by-case
basis based on a cumulative review of all of its facts and circumstances. Our practices may not in all cases meet all of the criteria
for protection under a statutory exception or regulatory safe harbor. 

Additionally, the intent
standard under the Anti-Kickback Statute was amended by the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care
and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010, or the Affordable Care Act, to a stricter standard such that a person or entity no longer needs
to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation. In addition, the Affordable
Care Act codified case law that a claim including items or services resulting from a violation of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes
a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the federal False Claims Act, or the FCA (discussed below). 

26 

The federal false claims,
including the FCA, and civil monetary penalty laws, which imposes significant penalties and can be enforced by private citizens through
civil qui tam actions, prohibit any person or entity from, among other things, knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, a false
or fraudulent claim for payment to, or approval by, the federal government, including federal healthcare programs, such as Medicare and
Medicaid, knowingly making, using, or causing to be made or used a false record or statement material to a false or fraudulent claim
to the federal government, or knowingly making a false statement to improperly avoid, decrease or conceal an obligation to pay money
to the federal government. A claim includes any request or demand for money or property presented to the U.S. government.
For instance, historically, pharmaceutical and other healthcare companies have been prosecuted under these laws for allegedly providing
free product to customers with the expectation that the customers would bill federal programs for the product. Other companies have been
prosecuted for causing false claims to be submitted because of the companies marketing of the product for unapproved, off-label,
and thus generally non-reimbursable, uses. 

HIPAA created additional
federal criminal statutes that prohibit, among other things, knowingly and willfully executing, or attempting to execute, a scheme to
defraud or to obtain, by means of false or fraudulent pretenses, representations or promises, any money or property owned by, or under
the control or custody of, any healthcare benefit program, including private third-party payors, willfully obstructing a criminal investigation
of a healthcare offense, and knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up by trick, scheme or device, a material fact
or making any materially false, fictitious or fraudulent statement in connection with the delivery of or payment for healthcare benefits,
items or services. Like the Anti-Kickback Statute, the Affordable Care Act amended the intent standard for certain healthcare fraud statutes
under HIPAA such that a person or entity no longer needs to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it in
order to have committed a violation. 

Also, many states have similar,
and typically more prohibitive, fraud and abuse statutes or regulations that apply to items and services reimbursed under Medicaid and
other state programs, or, in several states, apply regardless of the payor. 

We may be subject to data
privacy and security regulations by both the federal government and the states in which it conducts business. HIPAA, as amended by the
Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act, or HITECH, and its implementing regulations, imposes requirements
on covered entities, including certain healthcare providers, health plans, and healthcare clearinghouses, as well as their
respective business associates that create, receive, maintain or transmit individually identifiable health information
for or on behalf of a covered entity as well as their covered subcontractors relating to the privacy, security and transmission of individually
identifiable health information. Among other things, HITECH makes HIPAA s privacy and security standards directly applicable to
business associates, independent contractors, or agents of covered entities that receive or obtain protected health information in connection
with providing a service on behalf of a covered entity. HITECH also created four new tiers of civil monetary penalties, amended HIPAA
to make civil and criminal penalties directly applicable to business associates, and gave state attorneys general new authority to file
civil actions for damages or injunctions in federal courts to enforce HIPAA and seek attorneys fees and costs associated with
pursuing federal civil actions. In addition, many state laws govern the privacy and security of health information in specified circumstances,
many of which differ from each other in significant ways, are often not pre-empted by HIPAA, and may have a more prohibitive effect than
HIPAA, thus complicating compliance efforts. 

We may develop products
that, once approved, may be administered by a physician. Under currently applicable U.S. law, certain products not usually self-administered
(including injectable drugs) may be eligible for coverage under Medicare through Medicare Part B. Medicare Part B is part of original
Medicare, the federal health care program that provides health care benefits to the aged and disabled, and covers outpatient services
and supplies, including certain biopharmaceutical products, that are medically necessary to treat a beneficiary s health condition.
As a condition of receiving Medicare Part B reimbursement for a manufacturer s eligible drugs, the manufacturer is required to
participate in other government healthcare programs, including the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program and the 340B Drug Pricing Program. The
Medicaid Drug Rebate Program requires pharmaceutical manufacturers to enter into and have in effect a national rebate agreement with
the Secretary of HHS as a condition for states to receive federal matching funds for the manufacturer s outpatient drugs furnished
to Medicaid patients. Under the 340B Drug Pricing Program, the manufacturer must extend discounts to entities that participate in the
program. 

27 

In addition, many pharmaceutical
manufacturers must calculate and report certain price reporting metrics to the government, such as average sales price, or ASP, and best
price. Penalties may apply in some cases when such metrics are not submitted accurately and timely. Further, these prices for drugs may
be reduced by mandatory discounts or rebates required by government healthcare programs or private payors and by any future relaxation
of laws that presently restrict imports of drugs from countries where they may be sold at lower prices than in the United States. It
is difficult to predict how Medicare coverage and reimbursement policies will be applied to our products in the future and coverage and
reimbursement under different federal healthcare programs are not always consistent. Medicare reimbursement rates may also reflect budgetary
constraints placed on the Medicare program. 

Additionally, the federal
Physician Payments Sunshine Act, or the Sunshine Act, within the Affordable Care Act, and its implementing regulations, require that
certain manufacturers of drugs, devices, biological and medical supplies for which payment is available under Medicare, Medicaid or the
Children s Health Insurance Program (with certain exceptions) report annually to CMS information related to certain payments or
other transfers of value made or distributed to physicians (defined to include doctors, dentists, optometrists, podiatrists and chiropractors),
other healthcare professionals (such as physicians assistants and nurse practitioners) and teaching hospitals, or to entities or individuals
at the request of, or designated on behalf of, the physicians and teaching hospitals and to report annually certain ownership and investment
interests held by physicians and their immediate family members. Failure to report accurately could result in penalties. In addition,
many states also govern the reporting of payments or other transfers of value, many of which differ from each other in significant ways,
are often not pre-empted, and may have a more prohibitive effect than the Sunshine Act, thus further complicating compliance efforts. 

In order to distribute products
commercially, we must comply with state laws that require the registration of manufacturers and wholesale distributors of drug and biological
products in a state, including, in certain states, manufacturers and distributors who ship products into the state even if such manufacturers
or distributors have no place of business within the state. Some states also impose requirements on manufacturers and distributors to
establish the pedigree of product in the chain of distribution, including some states that require manufacturers and others to adopt
new technology capable of tracking and tracing product as it moves through the distribution chain. Several states and/or localities have
enacted legislation requiring pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies to establish marketing compliance programs, file periodic reports
with the state, make periodic public disclosures on sales, marketing, pricing, clinical trials and other activities, and/or register
their sales representatives, as well as to prohibit pharmacies and other healthcare entities from providing certain physician prescribing
data to pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies for use in sales and marketing, and to prohibit certain other sales and marketing
practices. All of our activities are potentially subject to federal and state consumer protection and unfair competition laws. 

Ensuring business arrangements
with third parties comply with applicable healthcare laws and regulations is a costly endeavor. If our operations are found to be in
violation of any of the federal and state healthcare laws described above or any other current or future governmental regulations that
apply to it, it may be subject to penalties, including without limitation, significant civil, criminal and/or administrative penalties,
damages, fines, disgorgement, imprisonment, exclusion from participation in government programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, injunctions,
private qui tam actions brought by individual whistleblowers in the name of the government, or refusal to allow it to enter
into government contracts, contractual damages, reputational harm, administrative burdens, diminished profits and future earnings, additional
reporting obligations and oversight if we become subject to a corporate integrity agreement or other agreement to resolve allegations
of non-compliance with these laws, and the curtailment or restructuring of its operations, any of which could adversely affect our ability
to operate our business and our results of operations. 

28 

Coverage, Pricing and Reimbursement 

Significant uncertainty
exists as to the coverage and reimbursement status of any product candidates for which we may obtain regulatory approval. In the United
States and in foreign markets, sales of any products for which we receive regulatory approval for commercial sale will depend, in part,
on the extent to which third-party payors provide coverage and establish adequate reimbursement levels for such products. In the United
States, third-party payors include federal and state healthcare programs, private managed care providers, health insurers and other organizations.
Adequate coverage and reimbursement from governmental healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid in the United States, and commercial
payors are critical to new product acceptance. 

Our ability to commercialize
any products successfully also will depend in part on the extent to which coverage and reimbursement for these products and related treatments
will be available from government health administration authorities, private health insurers and other organizations. Government authorities
and other third-party payors, such as private health insurers and health maintenance organizations, decide which therapeutics they will
pay for and establish reimbursement levels. Coverage and reimbursement by a third-party payor may depend upon a number of factors, including
the third-party payor s determination that use of a therapeutic is: 

a
 covered benefit under its health plan; 

safe,
 effective and medically necessary; 

appropriate
 for the specific patient; 

cost-effective;
 and 

neither
 experimental nor investigational. 

We cannot be sure that reimbursement
will be available for any product that it commercializes and, if coverage and reimbursement are available, what the level of reimbursement
will be. Coverage may also be more limited than the purposes for which the product is approved by the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory
authorities. Reimbursement may impact the demand for, or the price of, any product for which we obtain regulatory approval. 

Third-party payors are increasingly
challenging the price, examining the medical necessity, and reviewing the cost-effectiveness of medical products, therapies and services,
in addition to questioning their safety and efficacy. Obtaining reimbursement for our products may be particularly difficult because
of the higher prices often associated with branded drugs and drugs administered under the supervision of a physician. We may need to
conduct expensive pharmacoeconomic studies in order to demonstrate the medical necessity and cost-effectiveness of our products, in addition
to the costs required to obtain FDA approvals. Our product candidates may not be considered medically necessary or cost-effective. Obtaining
coverage and reimbursement approval of a product from a government or other third-party payor is a time-consuming and costly process
that could require us to provide to each payor supporting scientific, clinical and cost-effectiveness data for the use of our product
on a payor-by-payor basis, with no assurance that coverage and adequate reimbursement will be obtained. A payor s decision to provide
coverage for a product does not imply that an adequate reimbursement rate will be approved. Further, one payor s determination
to provide coverage for a product does not assure that other payors will also provide coverage for the product. Adequate third-party
reimbursement may not be available to enable us to maintain price levels sufficient to realize an appropriate return on our investment
in product development. If reimbursement is not available or is available only at limited levels, we may not be able to successfully
commercialize any product candidate that it successfully develops. 

29 

Different pricing and reimbursement
schemes exist in other countries. In the European Union, governments influence the price of biopharmaceutical products through their
pricing and reimbursement rules and control of national health care systems that fund a large part of the cost of those products to consumers.
Some jurisdictions operate positive and negative list systems under which products may only be marketed once a reimbursement price has
been agreed. To obtain reimbursement or pricing approval, some of these countries may require the completion of clinical trials that
compare the cost effectiveness of a particular product candidate to currently available therapies. Other member states allow companies
to fix their own prices for medicines but monitor and control company profits. The downward pressure on health care costs has become
intense. As a result, increasingly high barriers are being erected to the entry of new products. In addition, in some countries, cross-border
imports from low-priced markets exert a commercial pressure on pricing within a country. 

The marketability of any
product candidates for which we receive regulatory approval for commercial sale may suffer if the government and third-party payors fail
to provide adequate coverage and reimbursement. In addition, emphasis on managed care, the increasing influence of health maintenance
organizations, and additional legislative changes in the United States has increased, and we expect will continue to increase, the pressure
on healthcare pricing. The downward pressure on the rise in healthcare costs in general, particularly prescription medicines, medical
devices and surgical procedures and other treatments, has become very intense. Coverage policies and third-party reimbursement rates
may change at any time. Even if favorable coverage and reimbursement status is attained for one or more products for which we receive
regulatory approval, less favorable coverage policies and reimbursement rates may be implemented in the future. 

Healthcare Reform 

In the United States and
some foreign jurisdictions, there have been, and continue to be, several legislative and regulatory changes and proposed changes regarding
the healthcare system that could prevent or delay marketing approval of product candidates, restrict or regulate post-approval activities,
and affect the ability to profitably sell product candidates for which marketing approval is obtained. Among policy makers and payors
in the United States and elsewhere, there is significant interest in promoting changes in healthcare systems with the stated goals of
containing healthcare costs, improving quality and/or expanding access. In the United States, the pharmaceutical industry has been a
particular focus of these efforts and has been significantly affected by major legislative initiatives. 

For example, the Affordable
Care Act has substantially changed healthcare financing and delivery by both governmental and private insurers. Among the Affordable
Care Act provisions of importance to the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries, in addition to those otherwise described above,
are the following: 

an
 annual, nondeductible fee on any entity that manufactures or imports certain specified branded prescription drugs and biologic agents
 apportioned among these entities according to their market share in some government healthcare programs; 

an
 increase in the statutory minimum rebates a manufacturer must pay under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program to 23.1 and 13 of the
 average manufacturer price for most branded and generic drugs, respectively, and capped the total rebate amount for innovator drugs
 at 100 of the Average Manufacturer Price, or the AMP; 

a
 new Medicare Part D coverage gap discount program, in which manufacturers must now agree to offer 70 point-of-sale discounts off
 negotiated prices of applicable brand drugs to eligible beneficiaries during their coverage gap period, as a condition for the manufacturers 
 outpatient drugs to be covered under Medicare Part D; 

an
 extension of manufacturers Medicaid rebate liability to covered drugs dispensed to individuals who are enrolled in Medicaid
 managed care organizations; 

30 

an
 expansion of eligibility criteria for Medicaid programs by, among other things, allowing states to offer Medicaid coverage to additional
 individuals and by adding new mandatory eligibility categories for individuals with income at or below 133 of the federal poverty
 level, thereby potentially increasing manufacturers Medicaid rebate liability; 

an
 expansion of the entities eligible for discounts under the 340B Drug Discount Program; 

a
 new Patient-Centered Outcomes Research Institute to oversee, identify priorities in, and conduct comparative clinical effectiveness
 research, along with funding for such research; 

an
 expansion of healthcare fraud and abuse laws, including the FCA and the Anti-Kickback Statute, new government investigative powers,
 and enhanced penalties for noncompliance; 

a
 new methodology by which rebates owed by manufacturers under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program are calculated for drugs that are inhaled,
 infused, instilled, implanted, or injected; 

a
 requirement to report certain financial arrangements with physicians and teaching hospitals; 

a
 requirement to annually report certain information regarding drug samples that manufacturers and distributors provide to physicians; 

the
 establishment of a Center for Medicare and Medicaid Innovation at CMS to test innovative payment and service delivery models to lower
 Medicare and Medicaid spending; and 

a
 licensure framework for follow on biologic products. 

There remain legal and political
challenges to certain aspects of the Affordable Care Act. Starting in January 2017, the Trump administration signed several executive
orders and other directives designed to delay, circumvent, or loosen certain requirements mandated by the Affordable Care Act. In December
2017, Congress repealed the tax penalty for an individual s failure to maintain Affordable Care Act-mandated health insurance as
part of a tax reform bill. Further, the 2020 federal spending package permanently eliminated the Affordable Care Act-mandated Cadillac 
tax on high-cost employer-sponsored health coverage and medical device tax and also eliminated the health insurer tax. On June 17, 2021,
the U.S. Supreme Court dismissed a challenge on procedural grounds that argued the Affordable Care Act is unconstitutional in its entirety
because the individual mandate was repealed by Congress. Thus, the Affordable Care Act will remain in effect in its current
form. Further, prior to the U.S. Supreme Court ruling, on January 28, 2021, President Biden issued an executive order to initiate a special
enrollment period for purposes of obtaining health insurance coverage through the Affordable Care Act marketplace. The executive order
also instructed certain governmental agencies to review and reconsider their existing policies and rules that limit access to healthcare,
including among others, reexamining Medicaid demonstration projects and waiver programs that include work requirements, and policies
that create unnecessary barriers to obtaining access to health insurance coverage through Medicaid or the Affordable Care Act. It is
possible that the Affordable Care Act will be subject to judicial or Congressional challenges in the future. It is unclear how such challenges
and the healthcare reform measures of the Biden administration will impact the Affordable Care Act and our business. 

We anticipate that the Affordable
Care Act, if substantially maintained in its current form, will continue to result in additional downward pressure on coverage and the
price that we receive for any approved product, and could seriously harm our business. Any reduction in reimbursement from Medicare and
other government programs may result in a similar reduction in payments from private payors. The implementation of cost containment measures
or other healthcare reforms may prevent us from being able to generate revenue, attain profitability, or commercialize our products.
Such reforms could have an adverse effect on anticipated revenue from product candidates that we may successfully develop and for which
we may obtain regulatory approval and may affect our overall financial condition and ability to develop product candidates. 

31 

Further legislation or regulation
could be passed that could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. Other legislative changes have been proposed
and adopted since the Affordable Care Act was enacted. For example, in August 2011, President Obama signed into law the Budget Control
Act of 2011, which, among other things, created the Joint Select Committee on Deficit Reduction to recommend to Congress proposals in
spending reductions. The Joint Select Committee on Deficit Reduction did not achieve a targeted deficit reduction of at least 1.2 trillion
for fiscal years 2012 through 2021, triggering the legislation s automatic reduction to several government programs. This includes
aggregate reductions to Medicare payments to providers of up to 2 per fiscal year, which went into effect beginning on April 1, 2013
and will stay in effect through 2031 unless additional Congressional action is taken. However, COVID-19 pandemic relief legislation suspended
the 2 Medicare sequester from May 1, 2020 through March 31, 2021. Under current legislation, the actual reduction in Medicare payments
varied from 1 in 2022 to up to 3 in the final fiscal year of this sequester. Additionally, on March 11, 2021, President Biden signed
the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021 into law, which eliminates the statutory Medicaid drug rebate cap, currently set at 100 of a drug s
average manufacturer price, for single source and innovator multiple source drugs, beginning January 1, 2024. In January 2013, the American
Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012 was signed into law, which, among other things, further reduced Medicare payments to several types of providers,
including hospitals, imaging centers and cancer treatment centers, and increased the statute of limitations period for the government
to recover overpayments to providers from three to five years. 

Additionally, there has
been increasing legislative and enforcement interest in the United States with respect to specialty drug pricing practices. Specifically,
there have been several recent U.S. Congressional inquiries and proposed federal legislation designed to, among other things, bring more
transparency to drug pricing, reduce the cost of prescription drugs under Medicare, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer
patient programs, and reform government program reimbursement methodologies for drugs. For example, the Trump administration used several
means to propose or implement drug pricing reform, including through federal budget proposals, executive orders and policy initiatives.
For example, on July 24, 2020 and September 13, 2020, the Trump administration announced several executive orders related to prescription
drug pricing that attempt to implement several of the administration s proposals. The FDA also released a final rule and guidance
implementing a portion of the importation executive order providing pathways for states to build and submit importation plans for drugs
from Canada. Further, on November 20, 2020, the Department of Health and Human Services, or HHS, finalized a regulation removing safe
harbor protection for price reductions from pharmaceutical manufacturers to plan sponsors under Part D, either directly or through pharmacy
benefit managers, unless the price reduction is required by law. The implementation of the rule was delayed by the Biden administration
from January 1, 2022 to January 1, 2023 in response to ongoing litigation. The rule also creates a new safe harbor for price reductions
reflected at the point-of-sale, as well as a new safe harbor for certain fixed fee arrangements between pharmacy benefit managers and
manufacturers, the implementation of which also was delayed until January 1, 2023. On November 20, 2020, CMS issued an interim final
rule implementing former President Trump s Most Favored Nation, or MFN, executive order, which would tie Medicare Part B payments
for certain physician-administered drugs to the lowest price paid in other economically advanced countries, and was effective as of January
1, 2021. As a result of litigation challenging the MFN model, on August 10, 2021, CMS published a proposed rule that rescinded the MFN
model interim final rule. As a result of litigation challenging the MFN model, on December 27, 2021, CMS published a final rule that
rescinded the Most Favored Nation model interim final rule. In July 2021, the Biden administration released an executive order, Promoting
Competition in the American Economy, with multiple provisions aimed at prescription drugs. In response to Biden s executive
order, on September 9, 2021, HHS released a Comprehensive Plan for Addressing High Drug Prices that outlines principles for drug pricing
reform and sets out a variety of potential legislative policies that Congress could pursue to advance these principles. No legislation
or administrative actions have been finalized to implement these principles. In addition, on August 16, 2022, President Biden signed
into law the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, which, among other things, contains substantial drug pricing reforms that will reduce drug
spending by the federal government. For example, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 limits the prices paid by Medicare for various prescription
drugs and requires drug manufacturers to pay rebates to Medicare if they increase prices faster than inflation for drugs used by Medicare
beneficiaries. Although the effect of the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 on our business and the pharmaceutical industry in general
is not yet known, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 could affect the prices we can charge and the reimbursement we can receive for
our product candidates, if approved, thereby reducing our profitability. We also expect that additional state and federal healthcare
reform measures will be adopted in the future, any of which could limit the amounts that federal and state governments will pay for healthcare
products and services, which could result in reduced demand for our product candidates if approved or additional pricing pressures. 

The Foreign Corrupt Practices Act 

The Foreign Corrupt Practices
Act, or the FCPA, prohibits any U.S. individual or business from paying, offering, or authorizing payment or offering of anything of
value, directly or indirectly, to any foreign official, political party or candidate for the purpose of influencing any act or decision
of the foreign entity in order to assist the individual or business in obtaining or retaining business. The FCPA also obligates companies
whose securities are listed in the United States to comply with accounting provisions requiring us to maintain books and records that
accurately and fairly reflect all transactions of the corporation, including international subsidiaries, and to devise and maintain an
adequate system of internal accounting controls for international operations. 

Additional Regulation 

In addition to the foregoing,
state and federal laws regarding environmental protection and hazardous substances, including the Occupational Safety and Health Act,
the Resource Conservancy and Recovery Act and the Toxic Substances Control Act, affect our business. These and other laws govern our
use, handling and disposal of various biological, chemical and radioactive substances used in, and wastes generated by, our operations.
If our operations result in contamination of the environment or expose individuals to hazardous substances, we could be liable for damages
and governmental fines. We believe that we are in material compliance with applicable environmental laws and that continued compliance
therewith will not have a material adverse effect on our business. We cannot predict, however, how changes in these laws may affect our
future operations. 

32 

Other Regulations 

We are also subject to numerous
federal, state and local laws relating to such matters as safe working conditions, manufacturing practices, environmental protection,
fire hazard control, and disposal of hazardous or potentially hazardous substances. We may incur significant costs to comply with such
laws and regulations now or in the future. 

Employees 

As of December 31, 2022,
we had 25 employees, all of whom were full-time employees. As of December 31, 2022, 13 of our employees were engaged in research and
development activities and 12 of our employees were engaged in business development, legal, finance, market development, information
systems, facilities, human resources or administrative support. As of December 31, 2022, all of our employees were located in the United
States. None of our United States employees are represented by any collective bargaining agreements. We believe that we maintain good
relations with our employees. 

COVID-19 and Related Macroeconomic Conditions 

The COVID-19 pandemic and
related macroeconomic conditions, such as supply chain shortages, inflation and economic volatility have, and may continue to have, an
impact on our results of operations. We will continue to monitor whether such conditions would have a material impact on our operations,
liquidity and capital resources. Further, rising inflation has, in part, caused a disruption in the capital markets, which may lead to
a recession or market correction that could impact our access to capital, and could in the future negatively affect our liquidity. A
recession or market correction, continued supply chain disruptions and/or inflation could materially affect our business and the value
of our common stock. See Risks Related to Our Financial Condition below. 

Corporate Information 

On January 9, 2020, Protara
Therapeutics, Inc. (formerly ArTara Therapeutics, Inc., formerly Proteon Therapeutics, Inc., or the Company or Protara), and privately-held
ArTara Subsidiary, Inc., or Private ArTara, completed the merger and reorganization, or the Merger, in accordance with the terms of the
Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization, dated September 23, 2019, or the Merger Agreement, by and among the Company, Private
ArTara and REM 1 Acquisition, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, or Merger Sub, whereby Merger Sub merged with and into
Private ArTara, with Private ArTara surviving as a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. The Merger was structured as a reverse merger
and Private ArTara was determined to be the accounting acquirer based on the terms of the Merger and other factors. 

We were originally incorporated
in Delaware in March 2006, and at that time, acquired Proteon Therapeutics, LLC, the predecessor of Protara, which was formed in June
2001. 

Our principal executive
offices are located at 345 Park Avenue South, 3 rd Floor, New York, New York 10010, our telephone number is (646) 844-0337
and our website address is www.protaratx.com. The contents of our website are not incorporated into this Annual Report on Form 10-K and
our reference to the URL for our website is intended to be an inactive textual reference only. The information contained on, or that
can be accessed through, our website is not a part of this document. 

Unless the context requires
otherwise, references in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to Protara , TARA , we , us ,
the Company and our refer to Protara Therapeutics, Inc. (formerly ArTara Therapeutics, Inc., formerly Proteon
Therapeutics, Inc.) and our subsidiaries. 

Available Information 

Annual Reports on Form 10-K,
Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to reports filed pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, will be made available free of charge on our website as soon as
reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. 

33 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

You should consider carefully
the following information about the risks described below, together with the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form
10-K and in our other public filings, in evaluating our business. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business, financial
condition, results of operations, and future growth prospects would likely be materially and adversely affected. In these circumstances,
the market price of our common stock would likely decline. 

Risks Related to Our Financial Condition 

We have a limited operating history and have never generated
any revenues. 

We are a clinical stage
biopharmaceutical company with a limited operating history that may make it difficult to evaluate the success of our business to date
and to assess our future viability. Our operations have been limited to organizing and staffing the company, business planning, raising
capital, developing our pipeline assets (TARA-002 and IV Choline Chloride), identifying product candidates, and other research and development.
Although our employees have made regulatory submissions and conducted successful clinical trials in the past across many therapeutic
areas while employed at other companies, we have not yet demonstrated an ability to successfully complete any clinical trials and have
never completed the development of any product candidate, nor have we ever generated any revenue from product sales or otherwise. Consequently,
we have no meaningful operations upon which to evaluate our business, and predictions about our future success or viability may not be
as accurate as they could be if we had a longer operating history or a history of successfully developing and commercializing biopharmaceutical
products. 

We expect to incur significant
expenses and significant losses for the foreseeable future and may never generate revenue or achieve or maintain profitability. 

Investment in biopharmaceutical
product development is highly speculative because it entails substantial upfront capital and significant risk that a product candidate
will fail to gain regulatory approval or become commercially viable. We have never generated any revenues, and cannot estimate with precision
the extent of our future losses. We expect to incur increasing levels of operating losses for the foreseeable future as we execute on
the plan to continue research and development activities, including the ongoing and planned clinical development of our product candidates,
potentially acquire new products and/or product candidates, seek regulatory approvals of and potentially commercialize any approved product
candidates, hire additional personnel, protect our intellectual property, and incur the additional costs of operating as a public company.
We expect to continue to incur significant and increasing operating losses and negative cash flows for the foreseeable future. These
losses have had and will continue to have an adverse effect on our financial position and working capital. 

To become and remain profitable,
we must develop or acquire and eventually commercialize a product with significant market potential. This will require us to be successful
in a range of challenging activities, including completing preclinical studies and clinical trials, obtaining marketing approval, manufacturing,
marketing and selling any product candidate for which we obtain marketing approval, and satisfying post-marketing requirements, if any.
We may never succeed in these activities and, even if we succeed in obtaining approval for and commercializing one or more products,
we may never generate revenues that are significant enough to achieve profitability. In addition, as a young business, we may encounter
unforeseen expenses, difficulties, complications, delays and other known and unknown challenges. Furthermore, because of the numerous
risks and uncertainties associated with biopharmaceutical product development, we are unable to accurately predict the timing or amount
of increased expenses or when, or if, we will be able to achieve profitability. If we achieve profitability, we may not be able to sustain
or increase profitability on a quarterly or annual basis and may continue to incur substantial research and development and other expenditures
to develop and market additional product candidates. Our failure to become and remain profitable would decrease the value of us and could
impair our ability to raise capital, maintain our research and development efforts, expand the business or continue operations. A decline
in our value could also cause you to lose all or part of your investment. 

The effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and
resulting macroeconomic factors could materially and adversely impact our business, including our clinical development plans and non-clinical
research. 

Following the COVID-19 pandemic
and associated health and safety measures imposed from time to time to contain the continue globally, we have and, in the event of a resurgence
of the pandemic or the onset of another public health crisis, may again experience disruptions that could severely impact our business,
including but not limited to delays or difficulties in clinical trial site operations and in the enrollment, scheduling and retention
of patients in our clinical trials; interruption of key manufacturing, research and clinical development and other activities; and delays
or difficulties conducting and completing non-clinical studies. 

34 

If we are not able to respond
to and manage the impact of such events effectively, our business will be harmed. 

In addition, macroeconomic
factors, including supply chain disruptions, rising inflation and resulting increases in interest rates, which are, in part, tied to
the lasting impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, have and will continue to have an impact on our operations. 

To the extent the impacts
of the COVID-19 pandemic adversely affect our business and results of operations, they may also have the effect of heightening many of
the other risks and uncertainties described elsewhere in this Risk Factors section. 

We will need to raise additional financing
in the future to fund our operations, which may not be available to us on favorable terms or at all. 

We will require substantial
additional funds to conduct the costly and time-consuming preclinical studies and clinical trials necessary to pursue regulatory approval
of each potential product candidate and to continue the development of TARA-002 and IV Choline Chloride in new indications or uses. Our
future capital requirements will depend upon a number of factors, including: the number and timing of future product candidates in the
pipeline; progress with and results from preclinical testing and clinical trials; the ability to manufacture sufficient drug supplies
to complete preclinical and clinical trials; the costs involved in preparing, filing, acquiring, prosecuting, maintaining and enforcing
patent and other intellectual property claims; and the time and costs involved in obtaining regulatory approvals and favorable reimbursement
or formulary acceptance. Raising additional capital may be costly or difficult to obtain and could significantly dilute stockholders 
ownership interests and divert our management s focus on achieving our business objectives. As a result of economic conditions,
general global economic uncertainty, U.S. and foreign political conditions, and other factors, including the effects of the COVID-19
pandemic, we do not know whether additional capital will be available when needed, or that, if available, we will be able to obtain additional
capital on reasonable terms. Specifically, because the COVID-19 pandemic has at times significantly disrupted financial markets, it may
limit our ability to access capital, which could in the future negatively affect our liquidity. Further, rising inflation has, in part,
caused a disruption in the capital markets and an increase in interest rates, which may lead to a recession or market correction that
could impact our access to capital, increase the cost of capital, and could in the future negatively affect our liquidity. A recession
or market correction, inflation and/or further increases in interest rates could materially affect our business and the value of our
common stock. 

If we raise additional funds
through public or private equity offerings, the terms of these securities may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely
affect the rights of our common stockholders. Further, to the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of common stock
or securities convertible or exchangeable into common stock, the ownership interests of our common stockholders will be diluted. In addition,
any debt financing may subject us to fixed payment obligations and covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take specific actions,
such as incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures or declaring dividends. If we raise additional capital through marketing
and distribution arrangements or other collaborations, strategic alliances or licensing arrangements with third parties, we may have
to relinquish certain valuable intellectual property or other rights to our product candidates, technologies, future revenue streams
or research programs or grant licenses on terms that may not be favorable to us. Even if we were to obtain sufficient funding, there
can be no assurance that it will be available on terms acceptable to us or our stockholders. 

Our ability to use our net operating loss
carryforwards and certain other tax attributes to offset future taxable income or taxes may be limited. 

Under current law, federal
net operating losses incurred in tax years beginning after December 31, 2017, may be carried forward indefinitely, but the deductibility
of such federal net operating losses in tax years beginning after December 31, 2020 is limited to 80 of taxable income. It is uncertain
if and to what extent various states and localities will conform to federal tax laws. In addition, under Sections 382 and 383 of the Internal
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and corresponding provisions of state law, if a corporation undergoes an ownership change 
which is generally defined as a greater than 50 change in its equity ownership value over a six-year period, the corporation s
ability to use its pre-change net operating loss carryforwards and other pre-change tax attributes to offset its post- change income or
taxes may be limited. We have experienced ownership changes in the past and we may also experience additional ownership changes in the
future as a result of subsequent shifts in our stock ownership, some of which may be outside of our control. If an ownership change occurs
and our ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards is materially limited, it would harm our future operating results by effectively
increasing our future tax obligations. In addition, at the state level, there may be periods during which the use of net operating loss
carryforwards is suspended or otherwise limited, which could accelerate or permanently increase state taxes owed. As a result, if we earn
net taxable income, we may be unable to use all or a material portion of our net operating loss carryforwards and other tax attributes,
which could potentially result in increased future tax liability to us and adversely affect our future cash flows. 

35 

Risks Related to Drug/Biologics
Development and Commercialization 

Our business depends on the successful
clinical development and regulatory approval of our product candidates, including TARA-002 and IV Choline Chloride. 

The success of our business,
including our ability to finance our operations and generate revenue in the future, primarily depends on the successful development and
regulatory approval of our product candidates, including of TARA-002 and IV Choline Chloride. The clinical success of TARA-002 and IV
Choline Chloride depend on a number of factors, including the following: 

the timely and successful
 completion of planned and ongoing preclinical studies and clinical trials, including our ongoing Phase 1 clinical trial of TARA-002
 in NMIBC and our planned Phase 2 clinical trial of TARA-002 in LMs, which may be significantly slower or costlier than we currently
 anticipate and/or produce results that do not achieve the endpoints of the trials; 

the results of our prevalence
 study and our enhanced understanding of the PN patient population as part of our IV Choline Chloride program; 

whether we are required
 by the FDA or similar foreign regulatory agencies to conduct additional studies beyond those planned to support the approval and
 commercialization of TARA-002 and IV Choline Chloride; 

achieving and maintaining,
 and, where applicable, ensuring that our third-party contractors achieve and maintain compliance with their contractual obligations
 and with all regulatory requirements applicable to TARA-002 and IV Choline Chloride; 

the ability of third parties
 with whom we contract to manufacture adequate clinical trial and commercial supplies of TARA-002 and IV Choline Chloride, to remain
 in good standing with regulatory agencies and to develop, validate and maintain commercially viable manufacturing processes that
 are compliant with current good manufacturing practices, or cGMP; 

a continued acceptable
 safety profile during clinical development and following approval of TARA-002 and IV Choline Chloride; and 

the existence of a regulatory
 environment conducive to the successful development of TARA-002 and IV Choline Chloride. 

If any one of these factors
is not present, many of which are beyond our control, we could experience significant delays or an inability to obtain regulatory approval
of TARA-002 or IV Choline Chloride. 

Our clinical trials
may fail to demonstrate the safety and efficacy of our product candidates, or serious adverse or unacceptable side effects may be identified
during their development, which could increase our costs or necessitate the abandonment or limitation of the development of the product
candidate. 

We have never completed a clinical trial or made a BLA or NDA
submission and may be unable to successfully do so for TARA-002 or IV Choline Chloride. 

The conduct of a clinical
trial is a long, expensive, complicated and highly regulated process. Although our employees have conducted successful clinical trials
and made regulatory submissions in the past across many therapeutic areas while employed at other companies, we, as a company, have not
completed any clinical trials, or submitted a BLA or NDA and as a result may require more time and incur greater costs than we anticipate.
Failure to commence or complete, or delays in clinical trials or planned regulatory submissions would prevent us from, or delay us, in
obtaining regulatory approval of and commercializing TARA-002 or IV Choline Chloride, which would adversely impact our financial performance. 

36 

We rely and expect to continue to rely
on third-party CROs and other third parties to conduct and oversee our clinical trials. If these third parties do not meet our requirements
or otherwise conduct the trials as required, we may not be able to satisfy our contractual obligations or obtain regulatory approval
for, or commercialize, our product candidates. 

We rely and expect to continue
to rely on third-party CROs, to conduct and oversee our TARA-002 and IV Choline Chloride clinical trials and studies and other aspects
of product development. We also rely on various medical institutions, clinical investigators and contract laboratories to conduct our
trials in accordance with our clinical protocols and all applicable regulatory requirements, including the FDA s regulations and
cGCP, requirements, which are an international standard meant to protect the rights and health of patients and to define the roles of
clinical trial sponsors, administrators and monitors, and state regulations governing the handling, storage, security and record-keeping
for drug and biologic products. These CROs and other third parties have and will continue to play a significant role in the conduct of
these trials and the subsequent collection and analysis of data from the clinical trials. We will rely heavily on these parties for the
execution of our clinical trials and preclinical studies and will control only certain aspects of their activities. We and our CROs and
other third-party contractors will be required to comply with cGCP and cGLP, requirements, which are regulations and guidelines enforced
by the FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities. Regulatory authorities enforce these cGCP and cGLP requirements through periodic
inspections of trial sponsors, principal investigators and trial sites. If we or any of these third parties fail to comply with applicable
cGCP and cGLP requirements, or reveal non-compliance from an audit or inspection, including due to COVID-19 and related health and safety
measures and business closures and disruptions, or if the same prevents the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities from conducting
inspections or other regulatory activities, the clinical data generated in our clinical trials may be deemed unreliable and the FDA or
other regulatory authorities may require us to perform additional clinical trials before approving our or our partners marketing
applications. We cannot assure that upon inspection by a given regulatory authority, such regulatory authority will determine that any
of our clinical trials or preclinical studies comply with applicable cGCP and cGLP requirements. In addition, our clinical trials generally
must be conducted with product candidate produced under cGMP regulations. Our failure to comply with these regulations and policies may
require us to repeat clinical trials, which would delay the regulatory approval process. 

If any of our CROs or clinical
trial sites fail to comply with their contractual commitments or terminate their involvement in one of our clinical trials for any reason,
including due to COVID-19 disruptions, we may not be able to enter into arrangements with alternative CROs or clinical trial sites or
do so on commercially reasonable terms. In addition, if our relationship with clinical trial sites is terminated, we may experience the
loss of follow-up information on patients enrolled in our clinical trials unless we are able to transfer the care of those patients to
another qualified clinical trial site. In addition, principal investigators for our clinical trials may serve as scientific advisors
or consultants to us from time to time and could receive cash or equity compensation in connection with such services. If these relationships
and any related compensation result in perceived or actual conflicts of interest, the integrity of the data generated at the applicable
clinical trial site may be questioned by the FDA. 

Interim, topline and preliminary data from
our clinical trials may change as more patient data become available, and are subject to audit and verification procedures that could
result in material changes in the final data. 

From time to time, we may
publicly disclose preliminary, interim or topline data from our preclinical studies and clinical trials, which is based on a preliminary
analysis of then-available data, and the results and related findings and conclusions are subject to change as patient enrollment and
treatment continues and more patient data become available. Adverse differences between previous preliminary or interim data and future
interim or final data could significantly harm our business prospects. We may also announce topline data following the completion of
a preclinical study or clinical trial, which may be subject to change following a more comprehensive review of the data related to the
particular study or trial. We also make assumptions, estimations, calculations and conclusions as part of our analyses of data, and we
may not have received or had the opportunity to fully and carefully evaluate all data. As a result, the interim, topline or preliminary
results that we report may differ from future results of the same studies, or different conclusions or considerations may qualify such
results, once additional data have been received and fully evaluated. Preliminary, interim, or topline data also remain subject to audit
and verification procedures that may result in the final data being materially different from the data we previously published. Accordingly,
preliminary, interim, and topline data should be viewed with caution until the final data are available. 

Further, others, including
regulatory agencies, may not accept or agree with our assumptions, estimates, calculations, conclusions or analyses or may interpret
or weigh the importance of data differently, which could impact the value of the particular program, the approvability or commercialization
of the particular product candidate or product and our company in general. In addition, the information we choose to publicly disclose
regarding a particular study or clinical trial is based on what is typically extensive information, and you or others may not agree with
what we determine to be material or otherwise appropriate information to include in our disclosure. 

37 

We may in the future conduct clinical trials
for our product candidates outside the United States, and the FDA and applicable foreign regulatory authorities may not accept data from
such trials. 

We may in the future choose
to conduct one or more of our clinical trials outside of the United States. Although the FDA or applicable foreign regulatory authority
may accept data from clinical trials conducted outside the United States or the applicable jurisdiction, acceptance of such study data
by the FDA or applicable foreign regulatory authority may be subject to certain conditions or exclusion. Where data from foreign clinical
trials are intended to serve as the basis for marketing approval in the United States, the FDA will not approve the application on the
basis of foreign data alone unless such data are applicable to the U.S. population and U.S. medical practice; the studies were performed
by clinical investigators of recognized competence; and the data are considered valid without the need for an on-site inspection by the
FDA or, if the FDA considers such an inspection to be necessary, the FDA is able to validate the data through an on-site inspection or
other appropriate means. Many foreign regulatory bodies have similar requirements. In addition, such foreign studies would be subject
to the applicable local laws of the foreign jurisdictions where the studies are conducted. There can be no assurance the FDA or applicable
foreign regulatory authority will accept data from trials conducted outside of the United States or the applicable home country. If the
FDA or applicable foreign regulatory authority does not accept such data, it would likely result in the need for additional trials, which
would be costly and time-consuming and delay aspects of our business plan. 

TARA-002 is an immunopotentiator, and one indication that we
plan to pursue is the treatment of LMs. There are no FDA-approved therapies for the treatment of LMs and it is difficult to predict the
timing and costs of clinical development for TARA-002 for LMs. 

To date, there are no FDA-approved
therapies for the treatment of LMs. The regulatory approval process for novel product candidates such as TARA-002 can be more expensive
and take longer than for other, better known or extensively studied therapeutic approaches. Delay or failure to obtain, or unexpected
costs in obtaining, the regulatory approval necessary to bring TARA-002 to market in LMs could decrease our ability to generate sufficient
revenue to maintain our business. 

Our product candidates may cause undesirable
side effects or have other unexpected properties that could delay or prevent their regulatory approval, limit the commercial profile
of an approved label, or result in post-approval regulatory action. 

Unforeseen side effects
from TARA-002 or IV Choline Chloride could arise either during clinical development or, if approved, after the product has been marketed.
Undesirable side effects could cause us, any partners with which we may collaborate, or regulatory authorities to interrupt, extend,
modify, delay or halt clinical trials and could result in a more restrictive or narrower label or the delay or denial of regulatory approval
by the FDA or comparable foreign authorities. 

Results of clinical trials
could reveal a high and unacceptable severity and prevalence of side effects. In such an event, trials could be suspended or terminated,
and the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities could order us to cease further development of or deny approval of a product
candidate for any or all targeted indications. Any side effects could affect patient recruitment or the ability of enrolled patients
to complete the trial or result in product liability claims. Any of these occurrences may harm our business, financial condition, operating
results and prospects. 

Additionally, if we or others
identify undesirable side effects, or other previously unknown problems, in connection with a product after obtaining U.S. or foreign
regulatory approval, a number of potentially negative consequences could result, which could prevent us or our potential partners from
achieving or maintaining market acceptance of the product and could substantially increase the costs of commercializing such product. 

38 

A fast track designation by the FDA may
not actually lead to a faster development or regulatory review or approval process for IV Choline Chloride for the treatment of IFALD. 

The FDA has granted fast
track designation to IV Choline Chloride for the treatment of IFALD. If a drug is intended for the treatment of a serious or life-threatening
condition and the drug demonstrates the potential to address unmet medical needs for this condition, the drug sponsor may apply for fast
track designation. Even though we have received fast track designation for IV Choline Chloride for the treatment of IFALD, we may not
experience a faster development process, review or approval. The FDA may withdraw fast track designation if it believes that the designation
is no longer supported by data from our clinical development program. 

Although the FDA has granted Rare Pediatric
Disease Designation for TARA-002 for the treatment of LMs, a BLA for TARA-002, if approved, may not meet the eligibility criteria for
a priority review voucher. 

Rare Pediatric Disease Designation
has been granted for TARA-002 for the treatment of LMs. In 2012, Congress authorized the FDA to award priority review vouchers to sponsors
of certain rare pediatric disease product applications. This provision is designed to encourage development of new drug and biological
products for prevention and treatment of certain rare pediatric diseases. Specifically, under this program, a sponsor who receives an
approval for a drug or biologic for a rare pediatric disease may qualify for a voucher that can be redeemed to receive
a priority review of a subsequent marketing application for a different product. The sponsor of a rare pediatric disease drug product
receiving a priority review voucher may transfer (including by sale) the voucher to another sponsor. The voucher may be further transferred
any number of times before the voucher is used, as long as the sponsor making the transfer has not yet submitted the application. The
FDA may also revoke any priority review voucher if the rare pediatric disease drug for which the voucher was awarded is not marketed
in the U.S. within one year following the date of approval. 

For the purposes of this
program, a rare pediatric disease is a (a) serious or life-threatening disease in which the serious or life-threatening
manifestations primarily affect individuals aged from birth to 18 years, including age groups often called neonates, infants, children,
and adolescents; and (b) rare disease or conditions within the meaning of the Orphan Drug Act. Congress has only authorized the Rare
Pediatric Disease Priority Review Voucher program until September 30, 2024. However, if a drug candidate received Rare Pediatric Disease
Designation before September 30, 2024, it is eligible to receive a voucher if it is approved before September 30, 2026. 

TARA-002 for the treatment
of LMs may not be approved by that date, or at all, and, therefore, we may not be in a position to obtain a priority review voucher prior
to expiration of the program, unless Congress further reauthorizes the program. Additionally, designation of a drug for a rare pediatric
disease does not guarantee that a BLA will meet the eligibility criteria for a rare pediatric disease priority review voucher at the
time the application is approved. Finally, a Rare Pediatric Disease Designation does not lead to faster development or regulatory review
of the product or increase the likelihood that it will receive marketing approval. We may or may not realize any benefit from receiving
a voucher. 

Even if a product
candidate obtains regulatory approval, it may fail to achieve the broad degree of physician and patient adoption and use necessary for
commercial success. 

The commercial success of
both TARA-002 and IV Choline Chloride, if approved, will depend significantly on the broad adoption and use of them by physicians and
patients for approved indications, and neither may be commercially successful even though the product is shown to be safe and effective.
The degree and rate of physician and patient adoption of a product, if approved, and successful commercialization will depend on a number
of factors, including but not limited to: 

patient demand for approved products that treat the
 indication for which a product is approved; 

the effectiveness of the product compared to other
 available therapies; 

the availability of coverage and adequate reimbursement
 from managed care plans and other healthcare payors; 

the cost of treatment in relation to alternative treatments
 and willingness to pay on the part of patients; 

in the case of TARA-002 for LMs, overcoming physician
 or patient biases toward alternative treatments for LMs; 

insurers willingness to see the applicable indication
 as a disease worth treating; 

proper administration; 

patient satisfaction with the results, administration
 and overall treatment experience; 

39 

the ability to
 successfully commercialize TARA-002 and IV Choline Chloride in the United States and internationally,
 if either is approved for marketing, sale and distribution in such countries and territories,
 whether alone or in collaboration with others; 

our ability and
 our partners ability to establish and enforce intellectual property rights in and
 to TARA-002 and IV Choline Chloride; 

patient demand
 for approved products that treat the indication for which a product is approved; 

limitations or contraindications,
 warnings, precautions or approved indications for use different than those sought by us that are contained in the final FDA-approved
 labeling for the applicable product; 

any FDA requirement to undertake a Risk Evaluation
 and Mitigation Strategy; 

the effectiveness of our sales, marketing, pricing,
 reimbursement and access, government affairs, and distribution efforts; 

adverse publicity about a product or favorable publicity
 about competitive products; 

new government regulations
 and programs, including price controls and/or limits or prohibitions on ways to commercialize drugs, such as increased scrutiny on
 direct-to-consumer advertising of pharmaceuticals; and 

potential product liability claims or other product-related
 litigation. 

If either TARA-002 or IV
Choline Chloride is approved for use but fails to achieve the broad degree of physician and patient adoption necessary for commercial
success, our operating results and financial condition will be adversely affected, which may delay, prevent or limit our ability to generate
revenue and continue our business. 

Further, even if regulatory
approvals are obtained, we may never be able to successfully commercialize TARA-002 or IV Choline Chloride, or the FDA or comparable
foreign regulatory authorities may require labeling changes or impose significant restrictions on a product s indicated uses or
marketing or impose ongoing requirements for potentially costly post-approval studies or post-market surveillance. Accordingly, we cannot
assure you that we will be able to generate sufficient revenue through the sale of TARA-002 or IV Choline Chloride to continue our business. 

Before obtaining marketing
approvals for the commercial sale of any product candidate, we must demonstrate through lengthy, complex and expensive preclinical testing
and clinical trials that such product candidate is both safe and effective for use in the applicable indication, and failures can occur
at any stage of testing. Clinical trials often fail to demonstrate safety and are associated with side effects or have characteristics
that are unexpected. Based on the safety profile seen in clinical testing, we may need to abandon development or limit development to
more narrow uses in which the side effects or other characteristics are less prevalent, less severe or more tolerable from a risk-benefit
perspective. The FDA or an IRB may also require that we suspend, discontinue, or limit clinical trials based on safety information. Such
findings could further result in regulatory authorities failing to provide marketing authorization for the product candidate. Many pharmaceutical
candidates that initially showed promise in early stage testing and which were efficacious have later been found to cause side effects
that prevented further development of the drug candidate and, in extreme cases, the side effects were not seen until after the drug was
marketed, causing regulators to remove the drug from the market post-approval. 

Any adverse developments that occur in
patients undergoing treatment with OK-432 / Picibanil or in patients participating in clinical trials conducted by third parties may
affect our ability to obtain regulatory approval or commercialize TARA-002. 

Chugai Pharmaceutical Co.,
Ltd., over which we have no control, has the rights to commercialize TARA-002 and the originator therapy to TARA-002, OK-432, which is
currently marketed under the name Picibanil, in Japan and Taiwan for various indications. In addition, clinical trials using Picibanil
are currently ongoing in various countries around the world. If SAEs occur with patients using Picibanil or during any clinical trials
of Picibanil conducted by third parties, the FDA may delay, limit or deny approval of TARA-002 or require us to conduct additional clinical
trials as a condition to marketing approval, which would increase our costs. If we receive FDA approval for TARA-002 and a new and serious
safety issue is identified in connection with use of Picibanil or in clinical trials of Picibanil conducted by third parties, the FDA
may withdraw the approval of the product or otherwise restrict our ability to market and sell TARA-002. In addition, treating physicians
may be less willing to administer TARA-002 due to concerns over such adverse events, which would limit our ability to commercialize TARA-002. 

We may choose not to continue developing
or commercializing any of our product candidates at any time during development or after approval, which would reduce or eliminate the
potential return on investment for those product candidates. 

At any time, we may decide
to discontinue the development of any of our product candidates for a variety of reasons, including the appearance of new technologies
that make our product candidates obsolete, competition from a competing product or changes in or failure to comply with applicable regulatory
requirements. 

If we terminate a program
in which we have invested significant resources, we will not receive any return on our investment and we will have missed the opportunity
to have allocated those resources to potentially more productive uses. 

40 

Other Risks Related to Our Business 

Our product candidates,
if approved, will face significant competition and their failure to compete effectively may prevent them from achieving significant market
penetration. 

The pharmaceutical industry
is characterized by rapidly advancing technologies, intense competition, uncertain and complex patent terms, and a strong emphasis on
developing newer, fast-to-market proprietary therapeutics. Numerous companies are engaged in the development, patenting, manufacturing
and marketing of healthcare products competitive with those that we are developing, including TARA-002 and IV Choline Chloride. We will
face competition from a number of sources, such as pharmaceutical companies, biotechnology companies, generic drug companies, consumer
products companies and academic and research institutions, many of which have greater financial resources, marketing capabilities, sales
forces, manufacturing capabilities, research and development capabilities, regulatory expertise, clinical trial expertise, intellectual
property portfolios, international reach, experience in obtaining patents and regulatory approvals for product candidates and other resources
than we have. Some of the companies that offer competing products also have a broad range of other product offerings, large direct sales
forces and long-term customer relationships with our target physicians, which could inhibit our market penetration efforts. 

With respect to our lead
product candidate, TARA-002, for the treatment of NMIBC and LMs, the active ingredient in TARA-002 is a genetically distinct strain of
 Streptococcus pyogenes (group A, type 3) Su strain. TARA-002 is produced through a proprietary manufacturing process. We anticipate
that, if approved by the FDA, TARA-002 will be protected by 12 years of biologic exclusivity. There are no approved pharmacotherapies
currently available for the treatment of LMs and the current treatment options include a high-risk surgical procedure and off-label use
of sclerosants, including doxycycline, bleomycin, ethanol and sodium tetradecyl sulfate. There are a number of drug development companies
and academic researchers exploring oral formulations of various agents including macrolides, phosphodiesterase inhibitors, and calcineurin/mTOR
inhibitors. These are in early development. TARA-002, if approved for the treatment of NMIBC, would be subject to competition from existing
treatment methods of surgery, chemotherapy and immunomodulatory therapy. For example, the current standard of care for NMIBC includes
intravesical BCG TICE (manufactured by Merck Co. Inc.). Other products approved for the treatment of NMIBC include Merck Co.,
Inc. s Keytruda, Endo International plc s Valstar, and Ferring B.V. s Adstiladrin. Additional product candidates in
development include Japanese BCG Laboratory s BCG Tokyo, Pfizer Inc. s Sasanlimab in combination with BCG, ImmunityBio, Inc. s
VesAnktiva in combination with BCG, CG Oncology Inc. s CG0070, Sesen Bio, Inc. s Vicineum, enGene Inc. s, EG-70, Seagen
Inc. s PADCEV, Janssen s TAR200 combined with gemcitabine plus or minus Cetrelimab, Urogen Pharma Ltd. s Jelmyto,and
Auro BioSciences, Inc. s Aura-0011. Additional pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies with product candidates in development
for the treatment of NMIBC include but may not be limited to Verity, AstraZeneca PLC, Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, Roche Group, Asieris
Pharmaceuticals, BeiGene, Ltd, NanOlogy, LLC, Linton Pharm Co., Ltd., Lindis Biotech GmbH, Theralase Technologies Inc., Taizhou Hanzhong
biomedical co. Ltd., Shionogi Co. Ltd., Rapamycin Holdings, Inc., Vaxiion Therapeutics Inc., Incyte Corporation, LiPac Oncology,
Inc., Anika Therapeutics Inc., Surge Pharmaceuticals Pvt. Ltd., and Istari Oncology, Inc.. 

There are no treatments
currently available for IFALD. With respect to IV Choline Chloride for the treatment of IFALD, IV Choline Chloride is the only sterile
injectable form of choline chloride that can be combined with parenteral nutrition. Further, if approved, IV Choline Chloride will be
protected by Orphan Drug Designation exclusivity for seven years. 

TARA-002 and any future product candidates
for which we intend to seek approval as biologic products may face competition sooner than anticipated. 

The Biologics Price Competition
and Innovation Act of 2009, or BPCIA, created an abbreviated approval pathway for biological products that are biosimilar to or interchangeable
with an FDA-licensed reference biological product. Under the BPCIA, an application for a biosimilar product may not be submitted to the
FDA until four years following the date that the reference product was first licensed by the FDA. In addition, the approval of a biosimilar
product may not be made effective by the FDA until 12 years from the date on which the reference product was first licensed. During this
12-year period of exclusivity, another company may still market a competing version of the reference product if the FDA approves a full
BLA for the competing product containing the sponsor s own preclinical data and data from adequate and well-controlled clinical
trials to demonstrate the safety, purity and potency of their product. The law is complex and is still being interpreted and implemented
by the FDA. As a result, its ultimate impact, implementation and meaning are subject to uncertainty. While it is uncertain when such
processes are intended to be implemented, the BPCIA may be fully adopted by the FDA, and any such processes could have a material adverse
effect on the future commercial prospects for our biological products. 

41 

We believe that any of our
product candidates approved as a biological product under a BLA should qualify for the 12-year period of exclusivity. However, there
is a risk that this exclusivity could be shortened due to congressional action or otherwise, or that the FDA will not consider our product
candidates to be reference products for competing products, potentially creating the opportunity for biosimilar competition sooner than
anticipated. Other aspects of the BPCIA, some of which may impact the BPCIA exclusivity provisions, have also been the subject of recent
litigation. Moreover, the extent to which a biosimilar, once approved, will be substituted for any one of our reference products in a
way that is similar to traditional generic substitution for non-biological products is not yet clear, and will depend on a number of
marketplace and regulatory factors that are still developing. 

We currently have limited marketing capabilities
and no sales organization. If we are unable to grow our sales and marketing capabilities on our own or through third parties, we will
be unable to successfully commercialize our product candidates, if approved, or generate product revenue. 

We currently have limited
marketing capabilities and no sales organization. To commercialize our product candidates, if approved, in the United States, Canada,
the European Union, Latin America and other jurisdictions we may seek to enter, we must build our marketing, sales, distribution, managerial
and other non-technical capabilities or make arrangements with third parties to perform these services, and we may not be successful
in doing so. Although our employees have experience in the marketing, sale and distribution of pharmaceutical products, and business
development activities involving external alliances, from prior employment at other companies, we, as a company, have no prior experience
in the marketing, sale and distribution of pharmaceutical products, and there are significant risks involved in building and managing
a sales organization, including our ability to hire, retain and incentivize qualified individuals, generate sufficient sales leads, provide
adequate training to sales and marketing personnel, and effectively manage a geographically dispersed sales and marketing team. Any failure
or delay in the development of our internal sales, marketing, distribution and pricing/reimbursement/access capabilities would impact
adversely the commercialization of these products. 

We have only received the exclusive rights
to the materials required to commercialize TARA-002 in territories other than Japan and Taiwan until June 17, 2030, or an earlier date
if Chugai terminates the agreement with us for any number of reasons, following which such rights become non-exclusive. 

Pursuant to an agreement
with Chugai Pharmaceutical dated June 17, 2019, as amended on July 14, 2020 (effective as of June 30, 2020), Chugai Pharmaceutical agreed
to provide us with exclusive access to the starting material necessary to manufacture TARA-002 as well as technical support necessary
for us to develop and commercialize TARA-002 anywhere in the world other than Japan and Taiwan. However, this agreement does not prevent
Chugai from providing such materials and support to any third-party for medical, compassionate use and/or non-commercial research purposes
and this agreement is exclusive only through June 17, 2030 or, the earlier termination of the agreement by either party. Once our rights
to the materials and technology necessary to manufacture, develop and commercialize TARA-002 are not exclusive, third parties, including
those with greater expertise and greater resources, could obtain such materials and technology and develop a competing therapy, which
would adversely affect our ability to generate revenue and achieve or maintain profitability. 

Even if we obtain regulatory approval to
begin commercializing any of our products, we would remain subject to ongoing regulatory review, which could subsequently result in a
suspension or termination of sale of these products. 

Even after we achieve U.S.
regulatory approval for a product candidate, if any, we will be subject to continued regulatory review and compliance obligations. For
example, with respect to our product candidates, the FDA may impose significant restrictions on the approved indicated uses for which
the product may be marketed or on the conditions of approval. A product candidate s approval may contain requirements for potentially
costly post-approval studies and surveillance, including Phase 4 clinical trials, to monitor the safety and efficacy of the product.
We will also be subject to ongoing FDA obligations and continued regulatory review with respect to, among other things, the manufacturing,
processing, labeling, packaging, distribution, pharmacovigilance and adverse event reporting, storage, advertising, promotion and recordkeeping
for our product candidates. In addition, manufacturers of drug and biologic products and their facilities are subject to continual review
and periodic inspections by the FDA and other regulatory authorities for compliance with cGMP regulations. If we or a regulatory agency
discovers previously unknown problems with a product, such as adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency, or problems with
the manufacturing, processing, distribution or storage facility where, or processes by which, the product is made, a regulatory agency
may impose restrictions on that product or us, including requesting that we initiate a product recall, or requiring notice to physicians
or the public, withdrawal of the product from the market, or suspension of manufacturing. 

42 

We face product liability exposure, and if successful claims
are brought against us, we may incur substantial liability if our insurance coverage for those claims is inadequate. 

We face an inherent risk
of product liability or similar causes of action as a result of the clinical testing of our product candidates and will face an even
greater risk if we commercialize any products. This risk exists even if a product is approved for commercial sale by the FDA and manufactured
in facilities licensed and regulated by the FDA or an applicable foreign regulatory authority and notwithstanding that we comply with
applicable laws on promotional activity. Our products and product candidates are designed to affect important bodily functions and processes.
Any side effects, manufacturing defects, misuse or abuse associated with our product candidates could result in injury to a patient or
potentially even death. We cannot offer any assurance that we will not face product liability suits in the future, nor can we assure
you that our insurance coverage will be sufficient to cover our liability under any such cases. 

In addition, a liability
claim may be brought against us even if our product candidates merely appear to have caused an injury. Product liability claims may be
brought against us by consumers, healthcare providers, pharmaceutical companies or others selling or otherwise coming into contact with
our product candidates, among others, and under some circumstances even government agencies. If we cannot successfully defend ourselves
against product liability or similar claims, we will incur substantial liabilities, reputational harm and possibly injunctions and punitive
actions. In addition, regardless of merit or eventual outcome, product liability claims may result in: 

withdrawal or delay of recruitment or decreased enrollment
 rates of clinical trial participants; 

termination or increased government regulation of clinical
 trial sites or entire trial programs; 

the inability to commercialize our product candidates; 

decreased demand for our product candidates; 

impairment of our business reputation; 

product recall or withdrawal from the market or labeling,
 marketing or promotional restrictions; 

substantial costs of any related litigation or similar
 disputes; 

distraction of management s attention and other
 resources from our primary business; 

significant delay in product launch; 

substantial monetary awards to patients or other claimants
 against us that may not be covered by insurance; 

withdrawal of reimbursement or formulary inclusion;
 or 

loss of revenue. 

We have obtained product
liability insurance coverage for our clinical trials. Large judgments have been awarded in class action or individual lawsuits based
on drugs that had unanticipated side effects. Our insurance coverage may not be sufficient to cover all of our product liability-related
expenses or losses and may not cover us for any expenses or losses we may suffer. Moreover, insurance coverage is becoming increasingly
expensive, restrictive and narrow, and, in the future, we may not be able to maintain adequate insurance coverage at a reasonable cost,
in sufficient amounts or upon adequate terms to protect us against losses due to product liability or other similar legal actions. We
will need to increase our product liability coverage if any of our product candidates receive regulatory approval, which will be costly,
and we may be unable to obtain this increased product liability insurance on commercially reasonable terms or at all and for all geographies
in which we wish to launch. A successful product liability claim or series of claims brought against us, if judgments exceed our insurance
coverage, could decrease our cash and harm our business, financial condition, operating results and future prospects. 

43 

Our employees, independent contractors,
principal investigators, other clinical trial staff, consultants, vendors, CROs and any partners with whom we may collaborate may engage
in misconduct or other improper activities, including non-compliance with regulatory standards and requirements. 

We are exposed to the risk
that our employees, independent contractors, principal investigators, other clinical trial staff, consultants, vendors, CROs and any
partners with which we may collaborate may engage in fraudulent or other illegal activity. Misconduct by these persons could include
intentional, reckless, gross or negligent misconduct or unauthorized activity that violates: laws or regulations, including those laws
requiring the reporting of true, complete and accurate information to the FDA or foreign regulatory authorities; manufacturing standards;
federal, state and foreign healthcare fraud and abuse laws and data privacy; anticorruption laws, anti-kickback and Medicare/Medicaid
rules, or laws that require the true, complete and accurate reporting of financial information or data, books and records. If any such
or similar actions are instituted against us and we are not successful in defending ourselves or asserting our rights, those actions
could have a significant impact on our business, including the imposition of significant civil, criminal and administrative and punitive
penalties, damages, monetary fines, possible exclusion from participation in Medicare, Medicaid and other federal healthcare programs,
debarments, contractual damages, imprisonment, reputational harm, diminished profits and future earnings, injunctions, and curtailment
or cessation of our operations, any of which could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our operating results. 

We may
be subject to risks related to off-label use of our product candidates, if approved. 

The FDA strictly regulates
the advertising and promotion of drug products, and drug products may only be marketed or promoted for their FDA approved uses, consistent
with the product s approved labeling. Advertising and promotion of any product candidate that obtains approval in the United States
will be heavily scrutinized by the FDA, the Department of Justice, the Office of Inspector General of the Department of Health and Human
Services, state attorneys general, members of Congress and the public. For example, the FDA and other agencies actively enforce the laws
and regulations prohibiting the promotion of off-label uses, and a company that is found to have improperly promoted off-label uses may
be subject to significant liability. Although physicians may prescribe products for off-label uses as the FDA and other regulatory agencies
do not regulate a physician s choice of drug treatment made in the physician s independent medical judgment, they do restrict
promotional communications from companies or their sales force with respect to off-label uses of products for which marketing clearance
has not been issued. Companies may only share truthful and not misleading information that is otherwise consistent with a product s
FDA approved labeling. Violations, including promotion of our products for unapproved or off-label uses, are subject to enforcement letters,
inquiries and investigations, and civil, criminal and/or administrative sanctions by the FDA. Additionally, advertising and promotion
of any product candidate that obtains approval outside of the United States will be heavily scrutinized by relevant foreign regulatory
authorities. 

In the United States, engaging
in impermissible promotion of our product candidates for off-label uses can also subject us to false claims litigation under federal
and state statutes, which can lead to significant civil, criminal and/or administrative penalties and fines and agreements, such as a
corporate integrity agreement, that materially restrict the manner in which we promote or distribute our product candidates. If we do
not lawfully promote our products once they have received regulatory approval, we may become subject to such litigation and, if we are
not successful in defending against such actions, those actions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition
and operating results and even result in having an independent compliance monitor assigned to audit our ongoing operations for a lengthy
period of time. 

If we or any partners with which we may
collaborate are unable to achieve and maintain coverage and adequate levels of reimbursement for TARA-002 or IV Choline Chloride following
regulatory approval, their commercial success may be hindered severely. 

If TARA-002 or IV Choline
Chloride only becomes available by prescription, successful sales by us or by any partners with which we may collaborate depend on the
availability of coverage and adequate reimbursement from third-party payors. Patients who are prescribed medicine for the treatment of
their conditions generally rely on third-party payors to reimburse most or part of the costs associated with their prescription drugs.
The availability of coverage and adequate reimbursement from governmental healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid in the United
States, and private third-party payors is often critical to new product acceptance. Coverage decisions may depend on clinical and economic
standards that disfavor new drug products when more established or lower-cost therapeutic alternatives are already available or subsequently
become available, or may be affected by the budgets and demands on the various entities responsible for providing health insurance to
patients who will use TARA-002 or IV Choline Chloride. Even if we obtain coverage for our products, the resulting reimbursement payment
rates might not be adequate or may require co-payments that patients find unacceptably high. Patients are unlikely to use a product unless
coverage is provided, and reimbursement is adequate to cover a significant portion of the cost. 

44 

In addition, the market
for our products will depend significantly on access to third-party payors drug formularies or lists of medications for which
third-party payors provide coverage and reimbursement. The industry competition to be included in such formularies often leads to downward
pricing pressures on pharmaceutical companies and there may be time limitations on when a new drug may even apply for formulary inclusion.
Also, third-party payors may refuse to include products in their formularies or otherwise restrict patient access to such products when
a less costly biosimilar or generic equivalent or other treatment alternative is available in the discretion of the formulary. 

Third-party payors, whether
foreign or domestic, or governmental or commercial, are developing increasingly sophisticated methods of controlling healthcare costs.
In addition, in the United States, although private third-party payors tend to follow Medicare practices, no uniform or consistent policy
of coverage and reimbursement for drug products exists among third-party payors. Therefore, coverage and reimbursement for drug products
can differ significantly from payor to payor as well as from state to state. Consequently, the coverage determination process is often
a time-consuming and costly process that must be played out across many jurisdictions and different entities and that will require us
to provide scientific, clinical and health economics support for the use of our products compared to current alternatives and do so to
each payor separately, with no assurance that coverage and adequate reimbursement will be obtained and in what time frame. 

Further, we believe that
future coverage and reimbursement likely will be subject to increased restrictions both in the United States and in international markets.
Third-party coverage and reimbursement for our products may not be available or adequate in either the United States or international
markets, which could harm our business, financial condition, operating results and prospects. Further, coverage policies and third-party
reimbursement rates may change at any time. Therefore, even if favorable coverage and reimbursement status is attained, less favorable
coverage policies and reimbursement rates may be implemented in the future. 

Healthcare
reform measures could hinder or prevent the commercial success of our product candidates. 

Existing regulatory policies
may change, and additional government regulations may be enacted that could prevent, limit or delay regulatory approval of any future
product candidates we may develop. For example, the Trump administration and certain members of the U.S. Congress sought to repeal all
or part of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act, or collectively,
the Affordable Care Act, and implement a replacement program. In another example, the so-called individual mandate was
repealed as part of tax reform legislation adopted in December 2017, informally titled the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, or Tax Act, such that
the shared responsibility payment for individuals who fail to maintain minimum essential coverage under section 5000A of the Internal
Revenue Code was eliminated beginning in 2019. Additionally, on June 17, 2021 the U.S. Supreme Court dismissed a challenge on procedural
grounds that argued the Affordable Care Act is unconstitutional in its entirety because the individual mandate was repealed by Congress.
Thus, the Affordable Care Act will remain in effect in its current form. Further, prior to the U.S. Supreme Court ruling, on January
28, 2021, President Biden issued an executive order that initiated a special enrollment period for purposes of obtaining health insurance
coverage through the Affordable Care Act marketplace. The executive order also instructed certain governmental agencies to review and
reconsider their existing policies and rules that limit access to healthcare, including among others, reexamining Medicaid demonstration
projects and waiver programs that include work requirements, and policies that create barriers to obtaining access to health insurance
coverage through Medicaid or the Affordable Care Act. It is possible that the Affordable Care Act will be subject to judicial or Congressional
challenges in the future. It is unclear how such challenges and the healthcare reform measures of the Biden administration will impact
the Affordable Care Act and our business. 

Additionally, there has
been increasing legislative and enforcement interest in the United States with respect to drug pricing practices. For example, the Trump
administration used several means to propose or implement drug pricing reform, including through federal budget proposals, executive
orders and policy initiatives. For example, on July 24, 2020 and September 13, 2020, the Trump administration announced several executive
orders related to prescription drug pricing that attempted to implement several of the administration s proposals. The FDA also
released a final rule and guidance implementing a portion of the importation executive order providing pathways for states to build and
submit importation plans for drugs from Canada. Further, on November 20, 2020, the Department of Health and Human Services, or HHS, finalized
a regulation removing safe harbor protection for price reductions from pharmaceutical manufacturers to plan sponsors under Part D, either
directly or through pharmacy benefit managers, unless the price reduction is required by law. The rule also creates a new safe harbor
for price reductions reflected at the point-of-sale, as well as a new safe harbor for certain fixed fee arrangements between pharmacy
benefit managers and manufacturers. The implementation of the rule has been delayed until January 1, 2026. On November 20, 2020, the
Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services, or CMS, issued an interim final rule implementing former President Trump s Most Favored
Nation, or MFN, executive order, which would tie Medicare Part B payments for certain physician-administered drugs to the lowest price
paid in other economically advanced countries, and was effective as of January 1, 2021. As a result of litigation challenging the MFN
model, on December 27, 2021, CMS published a final rule that rescinded the MFN model interim final rule. Further, in July 2021, the Biden
administration released an executive order that included multiple provisions aimed at prescription drugs. In response to Biden s
executive order, on September 9, 2021, HHS released a Comprehensive Plan for Addressing High Drug Prices that outlines principles for
drug pricing reform. The plan sets out a variety of potential legislative policies that Congress could pursue as well as potential administrative
actions HHS could take to advance these principles. No legislation or administrative actions have been finalized to implement these principles.
In addition, on August 16, 2022, President Biden signed into law the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, which, among other things, contains
substantial drug pricing reforms that will reduce drug spending by the federal government. For example, the Inflation Reduction Act of
2022 limits the prices paid by Medicare for various prescription drugs and requires drug manufacturers to pay rebates to Medicare if
they increase prices faster than inflation for drugs used by Medicare beneficiaries. Although the effect of the Inflation Reduction Act
of 2022 on our business and the pharmaceutical industry in general is not yet known, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 could affect
the prices we can charge and the reimbursement we can receive for our product candidates, if approved, thereby reducing our profitability.
We also expect that additional state and federal healthcare reform measures will be adopted in the future, any of which could limit the
amounts that federal and state governments will pay for healthcare products and services, which could result in reduced demand for our
product candidates if approved or additional pricing pressures. 

45 

There are also calls to
place additional restrictions on or to ban direct-to-consumer advertising of pharmaceuticals, which would limit our ability to market
our product candidates. The United States is in a minority of jurisdictions that allow this kind of advertising and its removal could
limit the potential reach of a marketing campaign. Further, it is possible that additional government action is taken in response to
the COVID-19 pandemic. 

We are subject to
strict healthcare laws, regulation and enforcement, and our failure to comply with those laws could adversely affect our business, operations
and financial condition. 

Certain federal and state
healthcare laws and regulations pertaining to fraud and abuse, privacy, transparency, and patients rights are and will be applicable
to our business. We are subject to regulation by both the federal government and the states in which we or our partners conduct business.
The healthcare laws and regulations that may affect our ability to operate include but are not limited to: the federal Anti-Kickback
Statute; federal civil and criminal false claims laws and civil monetary penalty laws; the federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability
Act of 1996, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act; the Prescription Drug Marketing Act
(for sampling of drug product among other things); the federal physician sunshine requirements under the Affordable Care Act; the Foreign
Corrupt Practices Act as it applies to activities outside of the United States; the federal Right-to-Try legislation; and similar state
laws of such federal laws, which may be broader in scope. 

Because of the breadth of
these laws and the narrowness of the statutory exceptions and safe harbors available, it is possible that some of our business activities
could be subject to challenge under one or more of such laws. In addition, recent healthcare reform legislation has strengthened these
laws. For example, the Affordable Care Act, among other things, amended the intent requirement of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute and
certain criminal healthcare fraud statutes. A person or entity no longer needs to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent
to violate it. In addition, the Affordable Care Act provided that the government may assert that a claim including items or services
resulting from a violation of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the federal civil
False Claims Act. 

Achieving and sustaining
compliance with these laws may prove costly. In addition, any action against us for violation of these laws, even if we successfully
defend against it, could cause us to incur significant legal expenses and divert management s attention from the operation of our
business and result in reputational damage. If our operations are found to be in violation of any of the laws described above or any
other governmental laws or regulations that apply to us, we may be subject to significant penalties, including administrative, civil
and criminal penalties, damages, including punitive damages, fines, disgorgement, the exclusion from participation in federal and state
healthcare programs, imprisonment, additional oversight and reporting obligations, or the curtailment or restructuring of our operations,
and injunctions, any of which could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and financial results. 

We may in-license and acquire product candidates
and may engage in other strategic transactions, which could impact our liquidity, increase our expenses and present significant distractions
to our management. 

Part of our strategy is
to in-license and acquire product candidates and we may engage in other strategic transactions. Additional potential transactions that
we may consider include a variety of different business arrangements, including spin-offs, strategic partnerships, joint ventures, restructurings,
divestitures, business combinations and investments. Any such transaction may require us to incur non-recurring or other charges, may
increase our near- and long-term expenditures and may pose significant integration challenges or disrupt our management or business,
which could adversely affect our operations and financial results. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that we will undertake or successfully
complete any transactions of the nature described above, and any transaction that we do complete could harm our business, financial condition,
operating results and prospects. 

Our failure to successfully in-license,
acquire, develop and market additional product candidates or approved products would impair our ability to grow our business. 

We may in-license, acquire,
develop and market additional products and product candidates. Because our internal research and development capabilities are limited,
we may be dependent on pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, academic or government scientists and other researchers to sell or
license products or technology to us. The success of this strategy depends partly on our ability to identify and select promising pharmaceutical
and biologic product candidates and products, negotiate licensing or acquisition agreements with their current owners, and finance these
arrangements. 

46 

The process of proposing,
negotiating and implementing a license or acquisition of a product candidate or approved product is lengthy and complex. Other companies,
including some with substantially greater financial, marketing, sales and other resources, may compete with us for the license or acquisition
of product candidates and approved products. We have limited resources to identify and execute the acquisition or in-licensing of third-party
products, businesses and technologies and integrate them into our current infrastructure. Moreover, we may devote resources to potential
acquisitions or licensing opportunities that are never completed, or we may fail to realize the anticipated benefits of such efforts.
We may not be able to acquire the rights to additional product candidates on terms that we find acceptable or at all. 

Further, any product candidate
that we acquire may require additional development efforts prior to commercial sale, including preclinical or clinical testing and approval
by the FDA and applicable foreign regulatory authorities. All product candidates are prone to risks of failure typical of pharmaceutical
product development, including the possibility that a product candidate will not be shown to be sufficiently safe and effective for approval
by regulatory authorities. In addition, we cannot provide assurance that any approved products that we acquire will be manufactured or
sold profitably or achieve market acceptance. 

We expect to rely on collaborations with
third parties for the successful development and commercialization of our product candidates. 

We expect to rely upon the
efforts of third parties for the successful development and commercialization of our current and future product candidates. The clinical
and commercial success of our product candidates may depend upon maintaining successful relationships with third-party partners which
are subject to a number of significant risks, including the following: 

our partners ability to execute their responsibilities
 in a timely, cost-efficient and compliant manner; 

reduced control over delivery and manufacturing schedules; 

price increases and product reliability; 

manufacturing deviations from internal or regulatory
 specifications; 

quality incidents; 

the failure of partners to perform their obligations
 for technical, market or other reasons; 

misappropriation of our current or future product candidates;
 and 

other risks in potentially meeting our current and
 future anticipated commercialization schedule for product candidates or satisfying the requirements of our end-users. 

We cannot assure you that
we will be able to establish or maintain third-party relationships in order to successfully develop and commercialize our product candidates. 

We rely completely on third-party contractors
to supply, manufacture and distribute clinical drug supplies for our product candidates, which may include sole-source suppliers and
manufacturers; we intend to rely on third parties for commercial supply, manufacturing and distribution if any of our product candidates
receive regulatory approval; and we expect to rely on third parties for supply, manufacturing and distribution of preclinical, clinical
and commercial supplies of any future product candidates. 

We do not currently have,
nor do we plan to acquire, the infrastructure or capability to supply, store, manufacture or distribute preclinical, clinical or commercial
quantities of drug substances or products. Additionally, we have not entered into a long-term commercial supply agreement to provide
us with such drug substances or products. As a result, our ability to develop our product candidates is dependent, and our ability to
supply our products commercially will depend, in part, on our ability to obtain active pharmaceutical ingredient, or API, and other substances
and materials used in our product candidates successfully from third parties and to have finished products manufactured by third parties
in accordance with regulatory requirements and in sufficient quantities for preclinical and clinical testing and commercialization. If
we fail to develop and maintain supply and other technical relationships with these third parties, we may be unable to continue to develop
or commercialize our products and product candidates. 

47 

We do not have direct control
over whether our contract suppliers and manufacturers will maintain current pricing terms, be willing to continue supplying us with API
and finished products or maintain adequate capacity and capabilities to serve our needs, including quality control, quality assurance
and qualified personnel. We are dependent on our contract suppliers and manufacturers for day-to-day compliance with applicable laws
and cGMP for production of both API and finished products. If the safety or quality of any product or product candidate or component
is compromised due to a failure to adhere to applicable laws or for other reasons, we may not be able to commercialize or obtain regulatory
approval for the affected product or product candidate successfully, and we may be held liable for injuries sustained as a result. 

In order to conduct larger
or late-stage clinical trials for our product candidates and supply sufficient commercial quantities of any of our products, if approved,
our contract manufacturers and suppliers will need to produce our API and other substances and materials used in our product candidates
in larger quantities, more cost-effectively and, in certain cases, at higher yields than they currently achieve. If our third-party contractors
are unable to scale up the manufacture of any of our product candidates successfully in sufficient quality and quantity and at commercially
reasonable prices, or are shut down or put on clinical hold by government regulators, and we are unable to find one or more replacement
suppliers or manufacturers capable of production at a substantially equivalent cost in substantially equivalent volumes and quality,
and we are unable to transfer the processes successfully on a timely basis, the development of that product candidate and regulatory
approval or commercial launch for any resulting products may be delayed, or there may be a shortage in supply, either of which could
significantly harm our business, financial condition, operating results and prospects. 

We expect to continue to
depend on third-party contract suppliers and manufacturers for the foreseeable future. Our supply and manufacturing agreements, if any,
do not guarantee that a contract supplier or manufacturer will provide services adequate for our needs. Additionally, any damage to or
destruction of our third-party manufacturers or suppliers facilities or equipment, even by force majeure, may significantly
impair our ability to have our products and product candidates manufactured on a timely basis. Our reliance on contract manufacturers
and suppliers further exposes us to the possibility that they, or third parties with access to their facilities, will have access to
and may misappropriate our trade secrets or other proprietary information. In addition, the manufacturing facilities of certain of our
suppliers may be located outside of the United States. This may give rise to difficulties in importing our products or product candidates
or their components into the United States or other countries. 

In addition, we cannot be
certain that any prolonged, intensified or worsened effect of the COVID-19 pandemic would not impact our supply chain. 

The manufacture of biologics is complex
and our third-party manufacturers may encounter difficulties in production. If our CDMO encounters such difficulties, the ability to
provide supply of TARA-002 for clinical trials, our ability to obtain marketing approval, or our ability to obtain commercial supply
of TARA-002, if approved, could be delayed or stopped. 

We have no experience in
biologic manufacturing and do not own or operate, and we do not expect to own or operate, facilities for product manufacturing, storage
and distribution, or testing. We are completely dependent on CDMOs to fulfill our clinical and commercial supply of TARA-002. The process
of manufacturing biologics is complex, highly regulated and subject to multiple risks. Manufacturing biologics is highly susceptible
to product loss due to contamination, equipment failure, improper installation or operation of equipment, vendor or operator error, inconsistency
in yields, variability in product characteristics and difficulties in scaling the production process. Even minor deviations from normal
manufacturing processes could result in reduced production yields, product defects and other supply disruptions and higher costs. If
microbial, viral or other contaminations are discovered at the facilities of our manufacturer, such facilities may need to be closed
for an extended period of time to investigate and remedy the contamination, which could delay clinical trials, result in higher costs
of drug product and adversely harm our business. Moreover, if the FDA determines that our manufacturer is not in compliance with FDA
laws and regulations, including those governing cGMP, the FDA may deny BLA approval until the deficiencies are corrected or we replace
the manufacturer in our BLA with a manufacturer that is in compliance. 

48 

In addition, there are risks
associated with large scale manufacturing for clinical trials or commercial scale including, among others, cost overruns, potential problems
with process scale-up, process reproducibility, stability issues, compliance with cGMP, lot consistency and timely availability of raw
materials. Even if we obtain regulatory approval for TARA-002 or any future product candidates, there is no assurance that our manufacturers
will be able to manufacture the approved product to specifications acceptable to the FDA or other regulatory authorities, to produce
it in sufficient quantities to meet the requirements for the potential launch of the product or to meet potential future demand. If our
manufacturers are unable to produce sufficient quantities for clinical trials or for commercialization, commercialization efforts would
be impaired, which would have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. Scaling
up a biologic manufacturing process is a difficult and uncertain task, and any CDMO we contract may not have the necessary capabilities
to complete the implementation and development process of further scaling up production, transferring production to other sites, or managing
its production capacity to timely meet product demand. 

If we fail to attract and retain management
and other key personnel, we may be unable to continue to successfully develop or commercialize our product candidates or otherwise implement
our business plan. 

Our ability to compete in
the highly competitive biopharmaceuticals industry depends on our ability to attract and retain highly qualified managerial, scientific,
medical, legal, sales and marketing and other personnel. We are highly dependent on our management and scientific personnel. The loss
of the services of any of these individuals could impede, delay or prevent the successful development of our product pipeline, completion
of our planned clinical trials, commercialization of our product candidates or in-licensing or acquisition of new assets and could impact
negatively our ability to implement successfully our business plan. If we lose the services of any of these individuals, we might not
be able to find suitable replacements on a timely basis or at all, and our business could be harmed as a result. We might not be able
to attract or retain qualified management and other key personnel in the future due to the intense competition for qualified personnel
among biotechnology, pharmaceutical and other businesses. 

In addition, over the past
few years the United States has experienced a decrease in unemployment rates and an increasingly competitive labor market, which may
continue to result in difficulties in hiring or retaining sufficient qualified personnel to maintain and grow our business. We are uncertain
as to the employment environment in the future, or how that environment will impact our workforce, including our ability to retain qualified
management and other key personnel. 

We may be adversely affected by natural
disasters, pandemics and other catastrophic events and by man-made problems such as terrorism and war that could disrupt our business
operations, and our business continuity and disaster recovery plans may not adequately protect us from a serious disaster. 

Our office is located in
New York, New York. If a disaster, power outage, computer hacking, or other event occurred that prevented us from using all or a significant
portion of an office, that damaged critical infrastructure, such as enterprise financial systems, IT systems, manufacturing resource
planning or enterprise quality systems, or that otherwise disrupted operations, it may be difficult or, in certain cases, impossible
for us to continue our business for a substantial period of time. For example, we are expanding our clinical development of TARA-002
in NMBIC to clinical trial sites outside the United States, including potentially in Ukraine and in other countries in Europe and Asia
and may expand to other geographies. If political or civil conditions require it, our sites may need to delay or suspend clinical trial
activities. In addition, enrollment and retention of patients at such sites could be disrupted by geopolitical events, including civil
or political unrest, such as the current ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine. All of the aforementioned risks may be further
increased if we do not implement a disaster recovery plan or our partners or manufacturers disaster recovery plans prove
to be inadequate. To the extent that any of the above should result in delays in the research, development, regulatory approval, manufacture,
distribution or commercialization of TARA-002 or IV Choline Chloride, our business, financial condition, operating results and prospects
would suffer. 

49 

Risks Related to Our Common Stock 

We expect our stock price to
be highly volatile. 

The market price of our
shares could be subject to significant fluctuations. Market prices for securities of biotechnology and other life sciences companies
historically have been particularly volatile, even subject to large daily price swings. For example, the closing price of our common
stock from the period January 1, 2022 to December 31, 2022 has ranged from a low of 2.43 to a high of 6.90. Some of the factors that
may cause the market price of our shares to fluctuate include, but are not limited to: 

the results of current
 and any future clinical trials of TARA-002 or IV Choline Chloride and any clinical trial failure, including any failure resulting
 from difficulties or delays in identifying patients, enrolling patients, retaining patients, meeting specific trial endpoints or
 completing and timely reporting the results of any trial; 

our ability to obtain regulatory
 approvals for TARA-002, IV Choline Chloride or future product candidates, and delays of, or failures to obtain such approvals; 

the failure of TARA-002
 or IV Choline Chloride or future product candidates, if approved, to achieve commercial success; 

the effects of the COVID-19
 pandemic or any other public health crisis; 

potential side effects
 associated with TARA-002 or IV Choline Chloride or future product candidates; 

issues in manufacturing,
 or the inability to obtain adequate supply of, TARA-002, IV Choline Chloride or future product candidates; 

the entry into, or termination
 of, or breach by partners of key agreements, including key commercial partner agreements; 

the initiation of, material
 developments in, or conclusion of, any litigation or other actions to enforce or defend any intellectual property rights or defend
 against the intellectual property rights of others; 

announcements of any dilutive
 equity financings; 

inability to obtain additional
 funding; 

announcements by commercial
 partners or competitors of new commercial products, clinical progress or the lack thereof, significant contracts, commercial relationships
 or capital commitments; 

failure to elicit meaningful
 stock analyst coverage and downgrades of our stock by analysts; 

the loss of key employees; 

changes in laws or regulations application to TARA-002
 or IV Choline Chloride or future product candidates; and 

sales of our common stock by us, our insiders or our
 other stockholders. 

50 

Moreover, the stock markets
in general have experienced substantial volatility in our industry that has often been unrelated to the operating performance of individual
companies or a certain industry segment. These broad market fluctuations may also adversely affect the trading price of our shares. 

In the past, following periods
of volatility in the market price of a company s securities, stockholders have often instituted class action securities litigation
against those companies. Such litigation, if instituted, could result in substantial costs and diversion of management attention and
resources, which could significantly harm our profitability and reputation. In addition, such securities litigation often has ensued
after a reverse merger or other merger and acquisition activity. Such litigation if brought could impact negatively our business. 

We incur costs and demands upon management
as a result of complying with the laws and regulations affecting public companies. 

As a public company, we
have incurred, and will continue to incur, significant legal, accounting and other expenses, including costs associated with public company
reporting and other SEC requirements. We have also incurred, and will continue to incur, costs associated with corporate governance requirements,
including requirements under the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and other applicable legislation, as well as rules implemented
by the SEC and Nasdaq. 

We expect the rules and
regulations applicable to public companies will continue to substantially increase our legal and financial compliance costs and to make
some activities more time-consuming and costly. Our executive officers and other personnel will need to continue to devote substantial
time to managing operations as a public company and compliance with applicable laws and regulations. These rules and regulations may
also make it expensive for us to operate our business. 

If we fail to maintain proper and effective
internal controls, our ability to produce accurate financial statements on a timely basis could be impaired. 

We are subject to the reporting
requirements of the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the rules and regulations of Nasdaq. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among
other things, that we maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. We must perform
system and process evaluation and testing of our internal control over financial reporting to allow management to report on the effectiveness
of our internal controls over financial reporting in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filing for that year, as required by Section 404
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. This will require that we incur substantial professional fees and internal costs to expand our accounting
and finance functions and that we expend significant management efforts. We may experience difficulty in meeting these reporting requirements
in a timely manner. 

We may discover weaknesses
in our system of internal financial and accounting controls and procedures that could result in a material misstatement of our financial
statements. Our internal control over financial reporting will not prevent or detect all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter
how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system s objectives will
be met. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that misstatements
due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud will be detected. 

If we are not able to comply
with the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, or if we are unable to maintain proper and effective internal controls,
we may not be able to produce timely and accurate financial statements. If that were to happen, the market price of our common stock
could decline and we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by the SEC or other regulatory authorities or by Nasdaq. 

We are able to take advantage of reduced
disclosure and governance requirements applicable to smaller reporting companies, which could result in our common stock being less attractive
to investors. 

We qualify as a smaller
reporting company under the rules of the SEC. As a smaller reporting company, we are able to take advantage of reduced disclosure requirements,
such as certain simplified executive compensation disclosures and reduced financial statement disclosure requirements in our SEC filings.
Comparatively reduced disclosures in our SEC filings due to our status as a smaller reporting company may make it harder for our investors
to analyze our results of operations and financial prospects. We cannot predict if investors will find our common stock less attractive
due to our reliance on these exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active
trading market for our common stock and our stock price may be more volatile. We may take advantage of the reporting exemptions applicable
to a smaller reporting company until we are no longer a smaller reporting company, which status would end once we have a public float
greater than 250 million. In that event, we could still be a smaller reporting company if our annual revenues were below 100 million
and we have a public float of less than 700 million. 

51 

We do not anticipate paying
any dividends in the foreseeable future. 

The current expectation
is that we will retain our future earnings to fund the development and growth of our business. As a result, capital appreciation, if
any, of your shares of our stock will be your sole source of gain, if any, for the foreseeable future. 

If equity research analysts do not publish research or reports,
or publish unfavorable research or reports, about us, our business or our market, our stock price and trading volume could decline. 

The trading market for
our common stock is influenced by the research and reports that equity research analysts publish about us and our business. Equity research
analysts may elect not to provide research coverage of our common stock, and such lack of research coverage may adversely affect the
market price of our common stock. In the event we do have equity research analyst coverage, we will not have any control over the analysts
or the content and opinions included in their reports. The price of our common stock could decline if one or more equity research analysts
downgrade our stock or issue other unfavorable commentary or research. If one or more equity research analysts ceases coverage of us
or fails to publish reports on us regularly, demand for our common stock could decrease, which in turn could cause our stock price or
trading volume to decline. 

Risk Related to Our Ownership
Structure and Governance 

Certain stockholders have the ability to
control or significantly influence certain matters submitted to our stockholders for approval. 

Certain stockholders have
consent rights over certain significant matters of our business. These include decisions to effect a merger or other similar transaction,
changes to our principal business, and the sale or other transfer of TARA-002 or other assets with an aggregate value of more than 2,500,000.
As a result, these stockholders, have significant influence over certain matters that require approval by our stockholders. 

Anti-takeover provisions in our charter
documents and under Delaware law could make an acquisition of our business more difficult and may prevent attempts by our stockholders
to replace or remove management. 

Provisions in our certificate
of incorporation and bylaws may delay or prevent an acquisition or a change in management. In addition, because we are incorporated in
Delaware, we are governed by the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, or DGCL, which prohibits stockholders
owning in excess of 15 of the outstanding voting stock from merging or combining with us. These provisions may frustrate or prevent
any attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove then current management by making it more difficult for stockholders to replace
members of the board of directors, which is responsible for appointing the members of management. 

Our certificate of incorporation provides
that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware is the exclusive forum for certain disputes between us and our stockholders, which
could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other
employees. 

Our certificate of incorporation
provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware is the sole and exclusive forum for any derivative action or proceeding
brought on our behalf, any action asserting a breach of fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers or other employees to us
or our stockholders, any action asserting a claim against us arising pursuant to any provisions of the DGCL, our certificate of incorporation
or our bylaws, or any action asserting a claim against us that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine. The choice of forum provision
may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for certain disputes with us or
our directors, officers or other employees, which may discourage such lawsuits against us and our directors, officers and other employees.
If a court were to find the choice of forum provision contained in the certificate of incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable
in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions. 

52 

Risks Related to Intellectual Property Rights 

We may not be able to obtain, maintain
or enforce global patent rights or other intellectual property rights that cover our product candidates and technologies that are of
sufficient breadth to prevent third parties from competing against us. 

Our success with respect
to our product candidates will depend, in part, on our ability to obtain and maintain patent protection in both the United States and
other countries, to preserve our trade secrets and to prevent third parties from infringing on our proprietary rights. Our ability to
protect our product candidates from unauthorized or infringing use by third parties depends in substantial part on our ability to obtain
and maintain valid and enforceable patents around the world. 

The patent application process,
also known as patent prosecution, is expensive and time-consuming, and we and our current or future licensors and licensees may not be
able to prepare, file and prosecute all necessary or desirable patent applications at a reasonable cost or in a timely manner in all
the countries that are desirable. It is also possible that we or our current licensors, or any future licensors or licensees, will fail
to identify patentable aspects of inventions made in the course of development and commercialization activities before it is too late
to obtain patent protection on them. Therefore, these and any of our patents and applications may not be prosecuted and enforced in a
manner consistent with the best interests of our business. Moreover, our competitors independently may develop equivalent knowledge,
methods and know-how or discover workarounds to our patents that would not constitute infringement. Any of these outcomes could impair
our ability to enforce the exclusivity of our patents effectively, which may have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition
and operating results. 

Due to legal standards relating
to patentability, validity, enforceability and claim scope of patents covering pharmaceutical inventions, our ability to obtain, maintain
and enforce patents is uncertain and involves complex legal and factual questions especially across countries. Accordingly, rights under
any existing patents or any patents we might obtain or license may not cover our product candidates or may not provide us with sufficient
protection for our product candidates to afford a sustainable commercial advantage against competitive products or processes, including
those from branded, generic and over-the-counter pharmaceutical companies. In addition, we cannot guarantee that any patents or other
intellectual property rights will issue from any pending or future patent or other similar applications owned by or licensed to us. Even
if patents or other intellectual property rights have issued or will issue, we cannot guarantee that the claims of these patents and
other rights are or will be held valid or enforceable by the courts, through injunction or otherwise, or will provide us with any significant
protection against competitive products or otherwise be commercially valuable to us in every country of commercial significance that
we may target. 

Competitors in the field
of immunology and oncology therapeutics have created a substantial amount of prior art, including scientific publications, posters, presentations,
patents and patent applications and other public disclosures including on the Internet. Our ability to obtain and maintain valid and
enforceable patents depends on whether the differences between our technology and the prior art allow our technology to be patentable
over the prior art. We do not have outstanding issued patents covering all of the recent developments in our technology and are unsure
of the patent protection that we will be successful in obtaining, if any. Even if the patents do successfully issue, third parties may
design around or challenge the validity, enforceability or scope of such issued patents or any other issued patents we own or license,
which may result in such patents being narrowed, invalidated or held unenforceable. If the breadth or strength of protection provided
by the patents we hold or pursue with respect to our product candidates is challenged, it could dissuade companies from collaborating
with us to develop or threaten our ability to commercialize or finance our product candidates. 

53 

The laws of some foreign
jurisdictions do not provide intellectual property rights to the same extent or duration as in the United States, and many companies
have encountered significant difficulties in acquiring, maintaining, protecting, defending and especially enforcing such rights in foreign
jurisdictions. If we encounter such difficulties in protecting, or are otherwise precluded from effectively protecting, our intellectual
property in foreign jurisdictions, our business prospects could be substantially harmed, especially internationally. 

Proprietary trade secrets
and unpatented know-how are also very important to our business. Although we have taken steps to protect our trade secrets and unpatented
know-how by entering into confidentiality agreements with third parties, and intellectual property protection agreements with officers,
directors, employees, and certain consultants and advisors, there can be no assurance that binding agreements will not be breached or
will be enforced by courts, that we would have adequate remedies for any breach, including injunctive and other equitable relief, or
that our trade secrets and unpatented know-how will not otherwise become known, inadvertently disclosed by us or our agents and representatives,
or be independently discovered by our competitors. If trade secrets are independently discovered, we would not be able to prevent their
use and if we and our agents or representatives inadvertently disclose trade secrets and/or unpatented know-how, we may not be allowed
to retrieve this and maintain the exclusivity we previously enjoyed. 

We may not be able to protect
our intellectual property rights throughout the world. 

Filing, prosecuting and
defending patents on our product candidates does not guarantee exclusivity. The requirements for patentability differ in certain countries,
particularly developing countries. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect intellectual property rights to the
same extent as laws in the United States, especially when it comes to granting use and other kinds of patents and what kind of enforcement
rights will be allowed, especially injunctive relief in a civil infringement proceeding. Consequently, we may not be able to prevent
third parties from practicing our inventions in all countries outside the United States and even in launching an identical version of
our product notwithstanding we have a valid patent in that country. Competitors may use our technologies in jurisdictions where we have
not obtained patent protection to develop their own products, or produce copy products, and, further, may export otherwise infringing
products to territories where we have patent protection but enforcement on infringing activities is inadequate or where we have no patents.
These products may compete with our products, and our patents or other intellectual property rights may not be effective or sufficient
to prevent them from competing. 

Many companies have encountered
significant problems in protecting and defending intellectual property rights in foreign jurisdictions. The legal systems of certain
countries, particularly certain developing countries, do not favor the enforcement of patents and other intellectual property protection,
particularly those relating to pharmaceuticals, which could make it difficult for us to stop the infringement of our patents or marketing
of competing products in violation of our proprietary rights generally. Proceedings to enforce our patent rights in foreign jurisdictions
could result in substantial costs and divert our efforts and attention from other aspects of our business, could put our global patents
at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly and our global patent applications at risk of not issuing, and could provoke third
parties to assert claims against us. We may not prevail in any lawsuits that we initiate or infringement actions brought against us,
and the damages or other remedies awarded, if any, may not be commercially meaningful when we are the plaintiff. When we are the defendant
we may be required to post large bonds to stay in the market while we defend ourselves from an infringement action. 

In addition, certain countries
in Europe and certain developing countries have compulsory licensing laws under which a patent owner may be compelled to grant licenses
to third parties, especially if the patent owner does not enforce or use its patents over a protracted period of time. In some cases,
the courts will force compulsory licenses on the patent holder even when finding the patent holder s patents are valid if the court
believes it is in the best interests of the country to have widespread access to an essential product covered by the patent. In these
situations, the royalty the court requires to be paid by the license holder receiving the compulsory license is not calculated at fair
market value and can be inconsequential, thereby adversely affecting the patent holder s business. In these countries, we may have
limited remedies if our patents are infringed or if we are compelled to grant a license to our patents to a third-party, which could
also materially diminish the value of those patents. This would limit our potential revenue opportunities. Accordingly, our efforts to
enforce our intellectual property rights around the world may be inadequate to obtain a significant commercial advantage from the intellectual
property that we own or license, especially in comparison to what we enjoy from enforcing our intellectual property rights in the Unites
States. Finally, our ability to protect and enforce our intellectual property rights may be adversely affected by unforeseen changes
in both U.S. and foreign intellectual property laws, or changes to the policies in various government agencies in these countries, including
but not limited to the patent office issuing patents and the health agency issuing pharmaceutical product approvals for example, in Brazil,
pharmaceutical patents require initial approval of the Brazilian health agency (ANVISA). Finally, many countries have large backlogs
in patent prosecution, and in some countries in Latin America it can take years, even decades, just to get a pharmaceutical patent application
reviewed notwithstanding the merits of the application. 

54 

Obtaining and maintaining patent protection
depends on compliance with various procedural, document submission, fee payment, and other requirements imposed by governmental patent
agencies, and our patent protection could be reduced or eliminated for non-compliance with these requirements. 

Periodic maintenance and
annuity fees on any issued patent are due to be paid to the USPTO and foreign patent agencies in several stages over the lifetime of
the patent. The USPTO and various foreign governmental patent agencies require compliance with a number of procedural, documentary, fee
payment and other similar provisions during the patent application process. While an inadvertent lapse can, in many cases, be cured by
payment of a late fee or by other means in accordance with the applicable rules, there are situations in which non-compliance can result
in abandonment or lapse of the patent or patent application, resulting in partial or complete loss of patent rights in the relevant jurisdiction
just for failure to know about and/or timely pay a prosecution fee. Non-compliance events that could result in abandonment or lapse of
a patent or patent application include failure to respond to official actions within prescribed time limits, non-payment of fees in prescribed
time periods, and failure to properly legalize and submit formal documents in the format and style the country requires. If we or our
licensors fail to maintain the patents and patent applications covering our product candidates for any reason, our competitors might
be able to enter the market, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results and prospects. 

If we fail to comply with our obligations
under our intellectual property license agreements, we could lose license rights that are important to our business. Additionally, these
agreements may be subject to disagreement over contract interpretation, which could narrow the scope of our rights to the relevant intellectual
property or technology or increase our financial or other obligations to our licensors. 

We have entered into in-license
arrangements with respect to certain of our product candidates. These license agreements impose various diligence, milestone, royalty,
insurance and other obligations on us. If we fail to comply with these obligations, the respective licensors may have the right to terminate
the license, in which event we may not be able to develop or market the affected product candidate. The loss of such rights could materially
adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results and prospects. 

If we are sued for infringing intellectual
property rights of third parties, such litigation could be costly and time consuming and could prevent or delay us from developing or
commercializing our product candidates. 

Our commercial success depends
on our ability to develop, manufacture, market and sell our product candidates and use our proprietary technologies without infringing
the proprietary rights of third parties. We cannot assure that marketing and selling such candidates and using such technologies will
not infringe existing or future patents. Numerous U.S.- and foreign-issued patents and pending patent applications owned by third parties
exist in the fields relating to our product candidates. As the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries expand and more patents are
issued, the risk increases that others may assert that our product candidates, technologies or methods of delivery or use infringe their
patent rights. Moreover, it is not always clear to industry participants, including us, which patents and other intellectual property
rights cover various drugs, biologics, drug delivery systems or their methods of use, and which of these patents may be valid and enforceable.
Thus, because of the large number of patents issued and patent applications filed in our fields across many countries, there may be a
risk that third parties may allege they have patent rights encompassing our product candidates, technologies or methods. 

In addition, there may be
issued patents of third parties that are infringed or are alleged to be infringed by our product candidates or proprietary technologies
notwithstanding patents we may possess. Because some patent applications in the United States may be maintained in secrecy until the
patents are issued, because patent applications in the United States and many foreign jurisdictions are typically not published until
18 months after filing and because publications in the scientific literature often lag behind actual discoveries, we cannot be certain
that others have not filed patent applications for technology covered by our own and in-licensed issued patents or our pending applications.
Our competitors may have filed, and may in the future file, patent applications covering our product candidates or technology similar
to our technology. Any such patent application may have priority over our own and in-licensed patent applications or patents, which could
further require us to obtain rights to issued patents covering such technologies, which may mean paying significant licensing fees or
the like. If another party has filed a U.S. patent application on inventions similar to those owned or in-licensed to us, or, in the
case of in-licensed technology, the licensor may have to participate, in the United States, in an interference proceeding to determine
priority of invention. 

We may be exposed to, or
threatened with, future litigation by third parties having patent or other intellectual property rights alleging that our product candidates
or proprietary technologies infringe such third parties intellectual property rights, including litigation resulting from filing
under Paragraph IV of the Hatch-Waxman Act or other countries laws similar to the Hatch-Waxman Act. These lawsuits could claim
that there are existing patent rights for such drug, and this type of litigation can be costly and could adversely affect our operating
results and divert the attention of managerial and technical personnel, even if we do not infringe such patents or the patents asserted
against us are ultimately established as invalid. There is a risk that a court would decide that we are infringing the third-party s
patents and would order us to stop the activities covered by the patents. In addition, there is a risk that a court would order us to
pay the other party significant damages for having violated the other party s patents. 

55 

Because we rely on certain
third-party licensors and partners and will continue to do so in the future, if one of our licensors or partners is sued for infringing
a third-party s intellectual property rights, our business, financial condition, operating results and prospects could suffer in
the same manner as if we were sued directly. In addition to facing litigation risks, we have agreed to indemnify certain third-party
licensors and partners against claims of infringement caused by our proprietary technologies, and we have entered or may enter into cost-sharing
agreements with some our licensors and partners that could require us to pay some of the costs of patent litigation brought against those
third parties whether or not the alleged infringement is caused by our proprietary technologies. In certain instances, these cost-sharing
agreements could also require us to assume greater responsibility for infringement damages than would be assumed just on the basis of
our technology. 

The occurrence of any of
the foregoing could adversely affect our business, financial condition or operating results. 

We may be subject to claims that our officers,
directors, employees, consultants or independent contractors have wrongfully used or disclosed to us alleged trade secrets of their former
employers or their former or current customers. 

As is common in the biotechnology
and pharmaceutical industries, certain of our employees were formerly employed by other biotechnology or pharmaceutical companies, including
our competitors or potential competitors. Moreover, we engage the services of consultants to assist us in the development of our products
and product candidates, many of whom were previously employed at, or may have previously been or are currently providing consulting services
to, other biotechnology or pharmaceutical companies, including our competitors or potential competitors. We may be subject to claims
that these employees and consultants or we have inadvertently or otherwise used or disclosed trade secrets or other proprietary information
of their former employers or their former or current customers. Although we have no knowledge of any such claims being alleged to date,
if such claims were to arise, litigation may be necessary to defend against any such claims. Even if we are successful in defending against
any such claims, any such litigation could be protracted, expensive, a distraction to our management team, not viewed favorably by investors
and other third parties, and may potentially result in an unfavorable outcome. 

General Risk
Factors 

If our information
technology systems or data, or those of third parties upon which we rely, are or were compromised, we could experience adverse consequences
resulting from such compromise, including, but not limited to, regulatory investigations or actions; litigation; fines and penalties;
disruptions of our business operations; loss of revenue or profits; interruptions to our operations such as our clinical trials; harm
to our reputation; loss of customers or sales; and other adverse consequences. 

In the ordinary course of
our business, we may Process (as defined above) proprietary, confidential and sensitive information, including personal data (including,
key-coded data, health information and other special categories of personal data), intellectual property, trade secrets, and proprietary
business information owned or controlled by ourselves or other parties, or collectively, Sensitive Information. 

We may use third-party service
providers and subprocessors to help us operate critical business systems to Process Sensitive Information on our behalf in a variety
of contexts, including without limitation, encryption and authentication technology, employee email, and other functions. Our ability
to monitor these third parties information security practices is limited, and these third parties may not have adequate information
security measures in place. We may share or receive Sensitive Information with or from third parties. 

If we, our service providers,
partners or other relevant third parties have experienced, or in the future experience, any security incident(s) that result in, any
data loss; deletion or destruction; unauthorized access to; loss, unauthorized acquisition, disclosure, or exposure of, Sensitive Information,
or compromise related to the security, confidentiality, integrity or availability of our (or their) information technology, software,
services, communications or data, or collectively, a Security Incident, it may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition,
operating results and prospects, including the diversion of funds to address the breach, and interruptions, delays, or outages in our
operations and development programs. In the first quarter of 2020, our email server was compromised in a cyber-attack. We quickly isolated
the incident and have, since, implemented additional risk prevention measures. 

56 

Cyberattacks, malicious
internet-based activity and online and offline fraud are prevalent and continue to increase. These threats are becoming increasingly
difficult to detect. These threats come from a variety of sources, including traditional computer hackers , threat actors,
employee error, theft or misuse, sophisticated nation-states, and nation-state supported actors. We and the third parties upon which
we rely may be subject to a variety of evolving threats, including but not limited to social-engineering attacks (including through phishing
attacks); software bugs; malicious code (such as viruses and worms); denial-of-service attacks (such as credential stuffing); malware
(including as a result of advanced persistent threat intrusions); supply-chain attacks, server malfunctions, software and hardware failures;
loss of data or other information technology assets; adware; natural disasters; terrorism; war; telecommunication and electrical failures;
ransomware attacks; and other similar threats. 

Ransomware attacks, including
those from organized criminal threat actors, nation-states and nation-state supported actors, are becoming increasingly prevalent and
severe and can lead to significant interruptions, delays, or outages in our operations, loss of data, loss of income, significant extra
expenses to restore data or systems, reputational loss and the diversion of funds. To alleviate the financial, operational and reputational
impact of a ransomware attack, it may be preferable to make extortion payments, but we may be unwilling or unable to do so (including,
for example, if applicable laws or regulations prohibit such payments). 

Similarly, supply chain
attacks have increased in frequency and severity, and we cannot guarantee that third parties and infrastructure in our supply chain have
not been compromised or that they do not contain exploitable defects or bugs that could result in a breach of or disruption to our systems
and networks or the systems and networks of third parties that support us and our services. We may also be the subject of server malfunction,
software or hardware failures, loss of data or other computer assets, and other similar issues. A significant portion of our workforce
and third-party partners work remotely from time to time, and reliance on remote working technologies and the prevalent use of mobile
devices that access confidential and personal data information increase the risk of Security Incidents, which could lead to the loss
confidential information, personal data, trade secrets or other intellectual property. 

We may be required to expend
additional, significant resources, fundamentally change our business activities and practices, or modify our operations, including our
clinical trial activities, or information technology in an effort to protect against Security Incidents and to mitigate, detect, and
remediate actual and potential vulnerabilities. Certain data privacy and security obligations may require us to implement specific security
measures or use industry-standard or reasonable measures to protect our information technology systems and Sensitive Information. Even
if we were to take and have taken security measures designed to protect against Security Incidents, there can be no assurance that such
security measures or those of our service providers, partners and other third parties will be effective in protecting against all Security
Incidents and material adverse impacts that may arise from such Security Incidents. We may be unable in the future to detect vulnerabilities
in our information technology systems because such threats and techniques change frequently, are often sophisticated in nature, and may
not be detected until after a Security Incident has occurred. Despite our efforts to identify and remediate vulnerabilities, if any,
in our information technology systems, our efforts may not be successful. Further, we may experience delays in developing and deploying
remedial measures designed to address any such identified vulnerabilities. 

If we (or a third-party
upon whom we rely) experience a Security Incident or are perceived to have experienced a Security Incident, we may experience adverse
consequences. These consequences may include: government enforcement actions (for example, investigations, fines, penalties, audits,
and inspections); additional reporting requirements and/or oversight; restrictions on processing sensitive information (including personal
data); litigation (including class claims); indemnification obligations; negative publicity; reputational harm; monetary fund diversions;
interruptions in our operations (including availability of data); financial loss; and other similar harms. In addition, our actual or
prospective customers, collaborators, partners and/or clinical trial participants may stop using our product candidates or working with
us. This discontinuance, or failure to meet the expectations of such third parties, could result in material harm to our operations,
financial performance or reputation and affect our ability to grow and operate our business. 

Failures or significant
downtime of our information technology or telecommunication systems or those used by our third-party service providers could cause significant
interruptions in our operations and adversely impact the confidentiality, integrity and availability of Sensitive Information, including
preventing us from conducting clinical trials, tests or research and development activities and prevent us from managing the administrative
aspects of our business. 

57 

Applicable Data Protection
Requirements (as defined below) may require us to notify relevant stakeholders of Security Incidents, including affected individuals,
partners, collaborators, customers, regulators, law enforcement agencies, credit reporting agencies and others. Such disclosures are
costly, and the disclosures or the failure to comply with such requirements could materially adversely affect our business, financial
condition, operating results and prospects. 

Our contracts may not contain
limitations of liability, and even where they do, there can be no assurance that any limitations or exclusions of liability in our contracts
would be enforceable or adequate or would otherwise protect us from liabilities or damages if we fail to comply with Data Protection
Requirements related to information security or Security Incidents. 

We cannot be sure that
our insurance coverage will be adequate or otherwise protect us from or adequately mitigate liabilities or damages with respect to claims,
costs, expenses, litigation, fines, penalties, business loss, data loss, regulatory actions or material adverse impacts arising out of
our Processing operations, privacy and security practices, or Security Incidents we may experience. The successful assertion of one or
more large claims against us that exceeds our available insurance coverage, or results in changes to our insurance policies (including
premium increases or the imposition of large excess or deductible or co-insurance requirements), could materially adversely affect our
business, financial condition, operating results and prospects. 

We are subject to stringent and changing
obligations related to data privacy and security. Our actual or perceived failure to comply with such obligations could lead to regulatory
investigations or actions; litigation; fines and penalties; a disruption of our business operations, including our clinical trials; harm
to our reputation; and other adverse effects on our business or prospects. 

In the ordinary course of
business, we collect, receive, store, process, use, generate, transfer, disclose, make accessible, protect, secure, dispose of, transmit,
and share, or collectively, Process or Processing of, personal data and other sensitive and confidential information, including information
we collect about patients in connection with clinical trials, sensitive third-party data or, as necessary to operate our business, for
legal and marketing purposes, and for other business-related purposes. 

Accordingly, we are, or
may become, subject to numerous federal, state, local and international data privacy and security laws, regulations, guidance and industry
standards as well as external and internal privacy and security policies, contracts and other obligations that apply to the Processing
of personal data by us and on our behalf, collectively, Data Protection Requirements. The number and scope of Data Protection Requirements
are changing, subject to differing applications and interpretations, and may be inconsistent between jurisdictions or in conflict with
each other. If we fail, or are perceived to have failed, to address or comply with Data Protection Requirements, we could face significant
consequences. These consequences may include, but are not limited to, government enforcement actions against us that could include investigations,
fines, penalties, audits and inspections, additional reporting requirements and/or oversight, temporary or permanent bans on all or some
Processing of personal data, orders to destroy or not use personal data, and imprisonment of company officials (for example, under HIPAA).
Further, individuals or other relevant stakeholders could bring a variety of claims against us for our actual or perceived failure to
comply with the Data Protection Requirements. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, or
financial condition, and could lead to a loss of actual or prospective customers, collaborators or partners; interrupt or stop clinical
trials; result in an inability to Process personal data or to operate in certain jurisdictions; limit our ability to develop or commercialize
our products; or require us to revise or restructure our operations, or each, a material adverse impact. 

We are, or may become, subject
to U.S. privacy laws. For example, in the United States, there are a broad variety of data protection laws and regulations that may apply
to our activities such as state data breach notification laws, state personal data privacy laws (for example, the California Consumer
Privacy Act of 2018, or CCPA), state health information privacy laws, and federal and state consumer protection laws. 

58 

The CCPA requires covered
businesses that process personal data of California residents to disclose their data collection, use and sharing practices. Further,
the CCPA provides California residents with new data privacy rights (including the ability to opt out of the sale of personal data),
imposes new operational requirements for covered businesses, provides for civil penalties for violations (up to 7,500 per violation),
as well as a private right of action for certain data breaches (that is expected to increase data breach class action litigation and
result in significant exposure to costly legal judgements and settlements). Aspects of the CCPA and its interpretation and enforcement
remain uncertain. Further, the new California Privacy Rights Act, or CPRA, substantially expands the CCPA s requirements effective
January 1, 2023. The CPRA, among other things, gives California residents the ability to limit use of certain sensitive personal data,
establish restrictions on the retention of personal data, expand the types of data breaches subject to the CCPA s private right
of action, and establish a new California Privacy Protection Agency to implement and enforce the new law. Although there are limited
exemptions for clinical trial data under the CCPA and the CPRA, the CCPA and the CPRA may increase compliance costs and potential liability
with respect to other personal data we maintain about California residents. Other states have enacted data privacy laws. For example,
Virginia passed its Consumer Data Protection Act, and Colorado passed the Colorado Privacy Act, both of which differ from the CPRA and
become effective in 2023. The federal government is also considering comprehensive privacy legislation. 

Outside the United States,
an increasing number of laws, regulations, and industry standards apply to data privacy and security. For example, the European Union s
General Data Protection Regulation, or EU GDPR, the United Kingdom s GDPR, or UK GDPR, and Brazil s General Data Protection
Law (Lei Geral de Prote o de Dados Pessoais, or LGPD) (Law No. 13,709/2018) impose strict requirements for processing
personal data. For example, under the EU GDPR, government regulators may impose temporary or definitive bans on data processing, as well
as fines of up to 20 million euros or 4 of annual global revenue, whichever is greater. Further, individuals may initiate litigation
related to processing of their personal data. 

European data protection
laws (including the EU GDPR and UK GDRP) are wide-ranging in scope and impose numerous, significant and complex compliance burdens in
relation to the Processing of personal data, such as: limiting permitted Processing of personal data to only that which is necessary
for specified, explicit and legitimate purposes; requiring the establishment of a legal basis for Processing personal data; broadening
the definition of personal data; creating obligations for controllers and processors to appoint data protection officers in certain circumstances;
increasing transparency obligations to data subjects; introducing the obligation to carry out data protection impact assessments in certain
circumstances; establishing limitations on the collection and retention of personal data through data minimization and
 storage limitation principles; introducing obligations to honor increased rights for data subjects; formalizing a heightened
standard to obtain data subject consent; establishing obligations to implement certain technical and organizational safeguards to protect
the security and confidentiality of personal data; introducing the obligation to provide notice of certain significant personal data
breaches to the relevant supervisory authority(ies) and affected individuals; and mandating the appointment of representatives in the
UK and/or EU in certain circumstances. In particular, the Processing of special categor[ies] [of] personal data (such as
personal data related to health and genetic information), which could be relevant to our operations in the context of our clinical trials,
imposes heightened compliance burdens under European data protection laws and is a topic of active interest among relevant regulators. 

Certain jurisdictions have
enacted data localization laws and cross-border personal data transfer laws, which could make it more difficult to transfer information
across jurisdictions (such as transferring or receiving personal data that originates in the EU or in other foreign jurisdictions). Existing
mechanisms that facilitate cross-border personal data transfers may change or be invalidated. For example, absent appropriate safeguards
or other circumstances, the EU GDPR generally restricts the transfer of personal data to countries outside of the European Economic Area,
or EEA, that the European Commission does not consider to provide an adequate level of data privacy and security, such as the United
States. The European Commission released a set of Standard Contractual Clauses, or SCCs, that are designed to be a valid
mechanism to facilitate personal data transfers out of the EEA to these jurisdictions. Currently, these SCCs are a valid mechanism to
transfer personal data outside of the EEA, but there exists some uncertainty regarding whether the SCCs will remain a valid mechanism.
Additionally, the SCCs impose additional compliance burdens, such as conducting transfer impact assessments to determine whether additional
security measures are necessary to protect the at-issue personal data. 

In addition, Switzerland
and the UK similarly restrict personal data transfers outside of those jurisdictions to countries that they do not consider to provide
an adequate level of personal data protection, such as the United States, and certain countries outside Europe (e.g. Brazil) have also
passed or are considering laws requiring local data residency or otherwise impeding the transfer of personal data across borders, any
of which could increase the cost and complexity of doing business. 

59 

If we cannot implement a
valid compliance mechanism for cross-border data transfers, we may face increased exposure to regulatory actions, substantial fines,
and injunctions against processing or transferring personal data from Europe or other foreign jurisdictions. Inability to import personal
data to the United States may significantly and negatively impact our business operations, including by limiting our ability to conduct
clinical trial activities in Europe and elsewhere; limiting our ability to collaborate with parties subject to European and other data
protection laws or requiring us to increase our personal data processing capabilities in Europe and/or elsewhere at significant expense. 

These laws exemplify the
vulnerability of our business to the evolving regulatory environment related to personal data and may require us to modify our Processing
practices at substantial costs and expenses in an effort to comply. Given the breadth and evolving nature of Data Protection Requirements,
preparing for and complying with these requirements is rigorous, time-intensive and requires significant resources and a review of our
technologies, systems and practices, as well as those of any third-party collaborators, service providers, contractors or consultants
that Process personal data on our behalf. 

We may publish privacy policies
and other documentation regarding our Processing of personal data and/or other confidential, proprietary or sensitive information. Although
we endeavor to comply with our published policies and other documentation, we may at times fail to do so or may be perceived to have
failed to do so. Moreover, despite our efforts, we may not be successful in achieving compliance if our employees, third-party collaborators,
service providers, contractors or consultants fail to comply with our policies and documentation. Such failures can subject us to potential
regulatory action if they are found to be deceptive, unfair, or misrepresentative of our actual practices. Moreover, subjects about whom
we or our partners obtain information, as well as the providers who share this information with us, may contractually limit our ability
to use and disclose the information. Claims that we have violated individuals privacy rights or failed to comply with data protection
laws or applicable privacy notices even if we are not found liable, could be expensive and time-consuming to defend and could result
in adverse publicity that could harm our business or have other material adverse impacts. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

This item is not applicable. 

Item 2. Properties. 

As of December 31, 2022,
we leased approximately 10,252 square feet of space for our headquarters in New York, New York under an agreement that expires in May
2028. We leased 10,098 square feet for our development laboratory, a manufacturing facility and an additional manufacturing space, all
located in North America. We believe that our existing facilities are adequate to meet our current needs, and that suitable additional
alternative spaces will be available in the future on commercially reasonable terms. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 

From time to time, we may
be subject to various legal proceedings and claims that arise in the ordinary course of our business activities. We are not currently
a party to any legal proceedings that, in the opinion of our management, are likely to have a material adverse effect on our business.
Regardless of outcome, litigation can have an adverse impact on us because of defense and settlement costs, diversion of management resources
and other factors. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not applicable. 

60 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder
Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Our common stock is traded
on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol TARA . 

Holders of Our common stock 

As of March 3, 2023, there
were 11,306,753 shares of common stock outstanding held by approximately 20 stockholders of record. The actual number of stockholders
is greater than this number of record holders, and includes stockholders who are beneficial owners, whose shares are held in street name
by brokers and other nominees. 

Dividend Policy 

We have never declared or
paid cash dividends on our common stock, and we do not expect to pay any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future.
Payment of future dividends, if any, on our common stock will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors after taking into account
various factors, including our financial condition, operating results, anticipated cash needs, and plans for expansion. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity
Compensation Plans 

See Item 12 of Part III
of this Annual Report on Form 10-K regarding information about securities authorized for issuance under our equity compensation plans. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

Other than as previously
disclosed in our past Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K, we did not have any sales of unregistered securities
for the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Item 6. Reserved. 

Not applicable. 

61 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations 

You should read the following
discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with our financial statements and related notes
appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Some of the information contained in this discussion and analysis or set forth
elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including information with respect to our plans and strategy for our business and related
financing, includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. As a result of many factors, including those factors
set forth in the Risk Factors section of this document, our actual results could differ materially from the results described
in, or implied by, the forward-looking statements contained in the following discussion and analysis. 

Overview 

We are a New York City based
clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company committed to advancing transformative therapies for the treatment of cancer and rare diseases.
We were founded on the principle of applying modern scientific, regulatory or manufacturing advancements to established mechanisms in
order to create new development opportunities. We prioritize creativity, diverse perspectives, integrity and tenacity to expedite our
goal of bringing life-changing therapies to people with limited treatment options. 

Our portfolio includes two
development programs utilizing TARA-002, an investigational cell therapy based on the broad immunopotentiator, OK-432, which was originally
granted marketing approval by the Japanese Ministry of Health and Welfare as an immunopotentiating cancer therapeutic agent. This cell
therapy is currently approved in Japan and Taiwan for LMs and multiple oncologic indications. We have secured worldwide rights to the
asset excluding Japan and Taiwan and are exploring its use in oncology and rare disease indications. TARA-002 was developed from the
same master cell bank of genetically distinct group A Streptococcus pyogenes as OK-432 (marketed as Picibanil in Japan and
Taiwan by Chugai Pharmaceutical). We are currently developing TARA-002 in non-muscle invasive bladder cancer, or NMIBC, and in LMs. 

Our lead oncology program
is TARA-002 in NMIBC, which is cancer found in the tissue that lines the inner surface of the bladder that has not spread into the bladder
muscle. Bladder cancer is the sixth most common cancer in the United States, with NMIBC representing approximately 80 of bladder cancer
diagnoses. Approximately 65,000 patients are diagnosed with NMIBC in the United States each year. Very few new therapeutics have been
approved for NMIBC since the 1990s and the current standard of care for NMIBC includes intravesical Bacillus Calmette Gu rin,
or BCG. The mechanism of action of TARA-002 is similar to that of BCG. TARA-002 and BCG are both intravesically administered, elicit
a Th1 type immune response and produce a locally-activated generally similar array of cytokines and immune cells. 

We are conducting a Phase
1 dose-finding, open-label clinical trial to evaluate TARA-002 in treatment-na ve and treatment-experienced NMIBC patients with carcinoma
in situ, or CIS and high-grade papillary tumors (Ta), known as the ADVANCED-1 trial. In the initial dose escalation phase, or Phase 1a
portion of the trial, patients receive six weekly intravesical doses of TARA-002. The primary objective of the trial is to evaluate the
safety, tolerability and preliminary signs of anti-tumor activity of TARA-002, with the goal of establishing a recommended dose for a
future Phase 2 clinical trial. The trial is ongoing and we expect data from the Phase 1a portion of the trial in the second quarter of
2023. In addition, we continue to conduct pre-clinical studies on TARA-002 to better characterize the mechanism of action to help us understand
how TARA-002 may perform in potential combinations with other agents used to treat NMIBC. We use pre-clinical data to help us define other
cancer targets for TARA-002 both within the urothelial cancer space and other types of cancer affecting different parts of the body. 

We are also pursuing TARA-002
in LMs, which are rare, non-malignant cysts of the lymphatic vascular system that primarily form in the head and neck region of children
before the age of two. In July 2020, the FDA granted Rare Pediatric Disease designation for TARA-002 for the treatment of LMs and in May
2022 the European Medicines Agency granted orphan drug designation to TARA-002 for the treatment of LMs. In addition to the clinical experience
in Japan, we have secured the rights to a dataset from one of the largest ever conducted Phase 2 trials in LMs, in which OK-432 was administered
via a compassionate use program led by the University of Iowa to over 500 pediatric and adult patients. We have an IND for LMs with the
Vaccines and Related Products Division of the FDA, or Vaccines Division. The FDA continues to provide us with guidance regarding a development
path for TARA-002 in LMs. We received feedback from the Vaccines Division on the protocol for our proposed Phase 2 clinical trial evaluating
TARA-002 in LMs. In the second half of 2023 we expect to initiate this Phase 2 single arm, open-label clinical trial to evaluate the safety
and efficacy of TARA-002 in pediatric patients with macrocystic and mixed-cystic LMs. The trial design includes a safety lead-in phase
followed by an expansion phase. We are conducting trial preparation activities and have identified multiple trial sites. 

62 

The third development program
in our portfolio is intravenous, or IV, Choline Chloride, an investigational phospholipid substrate replacement therapy initially in development
for patients receiving parenteral nutrition, or PN, who have intestinal failure associated liver disease, or IFALD. IV Choline Chloride
has been granted Orphan Drug Designation by the FDA for this indication and has also been granted Fast Track Designation for the treatment
of IFALD. Following a positive end of Phase 2 meeting with the FDA, we received feedback on the design of the studies necessary to complete
a registration package for IV Choline Chloride for the treatment of IFALD, including a Phase 1 pharmacokinetic, or PK, trial and a Phase
3 clinical trial. Prior to initiating these clinical trials, we are conducting a prevalence study to enhance understanding of the PN patient
population and we plan to use this information to determine the next steps for the development program. In September 2021, we reported
results of the retrospective part of the prevalence study, which supported the significant unmet medical need in patients dependent on
PN who have IFALD. We are currently conducting the prospective part of the prevalence study, which is a multi-center, cross-sectional
observational study to assess the prevalence of choline deficiency, as well as cholestasis and steatosis, in patients dependent on PN.
We expect to have results of the study in the third quarter of 2023. In April 2022, the USPTO issued to us Patent No. US 11,311,503 claiming
a sterile aqueous choline salt composition with a term expiring in 2041. 

We have devoted substantial
efforts to the development of these programs and do not have any approved products and have not generated any revenue from product sales.
TARA-002 has not yet been approved for use for treatment of NMIBC, LMs or any other indications. We do not expect to generate revenues
in the near-term, if ever. To finance our current strategic plans, including the conduct of ongoing and future clinical trials and further
research and development costs, we will need to raise additional capital. 

Since inception, we have
incurred significant operating losses. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of approximately 130.5 million. We expect
to continue to incur significant expenses and increasing operating losses for at least the next few years as we continue our development
of, and seek marketing approvals for, our product candidates, prepare for and begin the commercialization of any approved products, and
add infrastructure and personnel to support our product development efforts and operations as a public company in the United States. 

As a clinical-stage company,
our expenses and results of operations are likely to fluctuate significantly from quarter-to-quarter and year-to-year. We believe that
our period-to-period comparisons of our results of operations should not be relied upon as indicative of our future performance. 

As of December 31, 2022,
we had approximately 102.3 million in cash, cash equivalents, and marketable debt securities. 

COVID-19 and Related Macroeconomic Conditions 

The COVID-19 pandemic and
related macroeconomic conditions, such as supply chain shortages, inflation and economic volatility have, and may continue to have, an
impact on our results of operations. We will continue to monitor whether such conditions would have a material impact on our operations,
liquidity and capital resources. Further, rising inflation has, in part, caused a disruption in the capital markets, which may lead to
a recession or market correction that could impact our access to capital, and could in the future negatively affect our liquidity. A
recession or market correction, continued supply chain disruptions and/or inflation could materially affect our business and the value
of our common stock. 

Financial Overview 

Research and Development 

Research and development
expenses consist primarily of costs incurred for the development of TARA-002 and IV Choline Chloride, which include employee-related
expenses, including salaries, benefits, travel and stock-based compensation expense, expenses incurred under agreements with clinical
research organizations, or CROs, contract development and manufacturing organizations, or CDMOs, the cost of acquiring, developing and
manufacturing clinical trial materials, clinical and non-clinical related costs, costs associated with regulatory operations and facilities,
depreciation and other expenses, which include expenses for rent and maintenance of facilities and other supplies. 

63 

General and Administrative 

General and administrative
expenses consist principally of employee-related expenses, including salaries, benefits, travel and stock-based compensation expense,
in executive and other administrative functions. Other general and administrative expenses also include professional fees for legal,
intellectual property matters, consulting and accounting services, facility related costs, as well as expenses related to audit, legal,
regulatory and tax-related services associated with maintaining compliance with our Nasdaq listing and SEC requirements, director and
officer liability insurance premiums and investor relations costs associated with being a public company. 

Other Income (Expense), net 

Interest and investment
income consists of interest income on our cash, cash equivalents and marketable debt securities and amortization of investment premiums. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Significant Judgments and Estimates 

Our management s discussion
and analysis of our financial position and results of operations is based on our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or GAAP. The preparation of financial statements in conformity
with GAAP requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying
notes. We base our estimates on historical experience and other market-specific or other relevant assumptions that we believe to be reasonable
under the circumstances. Actual results may differ materially from those estimates or assumptions. 

While our significant accounting
policies are described in more detail in the notes to our consolidated financial statements and related notes appearing elsewhere in
this Annual Report on 10-K, we believe the following accounting policies to be most critical to the judgments and estimates used in the
preparation of our financial statements. 

Goodwill 

On January 9, 2020, in connection
with the Merger, we separately valued the assets and liabilities acquired, and then determined goodwill as the residual of the purchase
price less identified net assets. The carrying value of goodwill was 0.0 million and 29.5 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively. 

Goodwill represents the
excess of purchase price over the fair value of identifiable net assets acquired in a business combination. Goodwill has an indefinite
useful life. Goodwill is assessed annually for impairment as of December 31, or more frequently if an event occurs or circumstances
change that would indicate that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit or the fair value of an indefinite-lived
intangible asset has declined below its carrying value. In performing its annual goodwill impairment assessment, we have the option under
GAAP to qualitatively assess whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value;
if the conclusion of the qualitative assessment is that there are no indicators of impairment, then we would not perform a quantitative
assessment. Otherwise, a quantitative assessment is performed and the fair value of the reporting unit is determined. 

Goodwill is evaluated for
impairment at the reporting unit level, which is defined as an operating segment, or one level below an operating segment. We have determined
that we operate as one reporting unit and have selected December 31 as the date to perform our annual impairment test. As of December
31, 2022, we elected to forego the qualitative screen and performed a quantitative annual goodwill impairment test for our single reporting
unit. 

As of December 31,
2022, our stock price and market capitalization declined approximately 60 from December 31, 2021. Although we believe this decline reflects
the overall performance of similar life science companies with less than 250 million in market capitalizations, or microcap companies,
we do not believe it reflects the progress made in advancing our product candidate pipeline. The life sciences sector, which includes
pre-commercialization and therefore net operating loss generating companies, relies heavily on the capital markets to finance their operations
and fund pre-clinical and clinical trials for their existing development programs. As a result of a shift in risk appetite in the overall
financial markets, the availability of capital for life science companies decreased significantly in 2022. Industry reports highlight
a decline of more than 50 percent in both the number of healthcare follow-on financings as well as the amount of capital raised in 2022
compared to 2021. These challenging financing conditions had a significantly negative impact on stock prices and respective market capitalizations,
particularly for microcap companies. We consider the heightened financing risk that impacted the life sciences sector during 2022 to be
one of the key macroeconomic factors that led to a sustained decrease in our stock price and market capitalization leading up to our annual
goodwill impairment assessment date in late 2022. 

The fair value of our reporting
unit was determined using an income approach based on discounted cash flows, or DCF, as we elected to forgo the qualitative screen. Determining
fair value using a DCF analysis requires the exercise of significant judgment with respect to several assumptions and estimates, including
the amount and timing of expected future cash flows and appropriate discount rate to be applied. The expected cash flows used in the DCF
analyses are based on our most recent internal long-range forecast and budget and, for years beyond the budget, our estimates, which are
based, in part, on industry benchmarks and forecasted growth rates. 

The discount rate used in
the DCF analysis is intended to reflect the risks inherent in the expected future cash flows of the respective programs within our portfolio.
Assumptions used in the DCF analysis, including the discount rate, are assessed based on our current results and forecasted future performance,
as well as macroeconomic and industry specific factors, including the aforementioned market factors influenced by financing risk discussed
above. 

We determined the estimated
fair value of our single reporting unit by utilizing a discount rate of 36 , which reflects these market factors. Based upon this discount
rate, the fair value of our single reporting unit was below its carrying value by an amount greater than the carrying value of goodwill,
and we recorded an impairment charge of 29.5 million in the fourth quarter of 2022 to fully write off the goodwill. 

64 

Income Taxes 

Deferred tax assets and
liabilities are recognized for the estimated future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying
amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax basis, operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. Deferred tax
assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which those temporary differences are expected
to be recovered or settled. The measurement of net deferred tax assets is reduced by the amount of any tax benefit that, based on available
evidence, is not expected to be realized, and a corresponding valuation allowance is established. 

Tax benefits are recognized
only for tax positions that are more likely than not to be sustained upon examination by tax authorities. The amount recognized is measured
as the largest amount of benefit that is greater than 50 percent likely to be realized upon settlement. A liability for unrecognized
tax benefits is recorded for any tax benefits claimed in our tax returns that do not meet these recognition and measurement standards.
As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, no liability for unrecognized tax benefits was required to be recorded. Our policy is to record interest
and penalties on uncertain tax positions as a component of income tax expense. No interest or penalties were recorded during the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Results of Operations 

Comparison of the Years Ended December
31, 2022 and 2021 

The following table summarizes
our results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021(in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, 
 Period -to- Period 

2022 
 2021 
 Change 

Operating expenses: 

Research and development 
 16,808 
 21,088 
 (4,280 
 
 General and administrative 
 20,737 
 26,401 
 (5,664 
 
 Loss on impairment of goodwill 
 29,517 
 - 
 29,517 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 67,062 
 47,489 
 19,573 
 
 Loss from operations 
 (67,062 
 (47,489 
 (19,573 
 
 Other income (expense), net: 

Interest and investment income 
 1,110 
 237 
 873 
 
 Other income (expense), net 
 1,110 
 237 
 873 
 
 Net Loss 
 (65,952 
 (47,252 
 (18,700 

Research and Development
Expenses . During the year ended December 31, 2022, our research and development expenses were approximately 16.8 million which represented
a decrease of approximately 4.3 million as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. This decrease was primarily due to a decrease
of 2.3 million for clinical manufacturing activities associated with TARA-002 due to higher production costs in 2021 as we were preparing
for clinical trials, a decrease of 1.5 million of non-clinical and regulatory expenses associated with TARA-002, and a decrease of 1.4
million in clinical manufacturing expenses associated with the prospective IV Choline Chloride study. This was partially offset by an
increase of 1.2 million of clinical expenses associated with TARA-002. 

General and Administrative
Expenses. During the year ended December 31, 2022, our general and administrative expenses were approximately 20.7 million which
represented a decrease of approximately 5.6 million as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease was primarily due to
a decrease of 3.8 million in stock-based compensation and a decrease of 1.8 million in expenses related to a reduction in market development
activities. 

Loss on impairment of
goodwill. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded a non-cash impairment charge of 29.5 million. There was no impairment
charge during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Other Income (Expense),
Net . During the year ended December 31, 2022, interest and investment income was approximately 1.1 million which represented an
increase of approximately 0.9 million as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was due to an increase of 0.9 in
interest earned on investments in marketable debt securities. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Overview 

As of December 31, 2022 and
2021, our cash, cash equivalents, and marketable debt securities were 102.3 million and 130.7 million, respectively. We have not generated
revenues since our inception and have incurred net losses of approximately 66.0 million and 47.3 million for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, we had working capital of approximately 80.4 million and stockholder s
equity of approximately 102.1 million. During the year ended December 31, 2022, cash flows used in operating activities were approximately
 26.5 million, consisting primarily of a net loss of approximately 66.0 million, which includes non-cash activities such as approximately
 29.5 million in impairment loss on goodwill and 6.7 million in stock-based compensation charges. Since inception, we have met our liquidity
requirements principally through the sale of our common stock and preferred stock in private placements and underwritten offerings. 

65 

Liquidity 

In December 2020, we filed
a shelf registration statement on Form S-3, or the Shelf Registration Statement, which became effective in December 2020. The Shelf Registration
Statement permits: (i) the offering, issuance and sale by us of up to a maximum aggregate offering price of 300.0 million of common
stock, preferred stock, debt securities and warrants in one or more offerings and in any combination. No securities have been sold to
date under the Shelf Registration Statement. 

We are in the business of
developing biopharmaceuticals and have no current or near-term revenues. We have incurred substantial clinical and other costs in our
drug development efforts. We will need to raise additional capital in order to fully realize management s plans. 

We believe that our current
financial resources, as of the date of the issuance of our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K, are sufficient to satisfy our estimated liquidity needs for at least twelve months. 

As a result of volatility
in the capital markets, economic conditions, general global economic uncertainty, political change, global pandemics, and other factors,
we do not know whether additional capital will be available when needed, or that, if available, we will be able to obtain additional
capital on reasonable terms. If we are unable to raise additional capital due to the volatile global financial markets, general economic
uncertainty or other factors, we may need to curtail planned development activities. Specifically, rising inflation, which is in part,
tied to the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic and resulting supply chain disruptions, has, in part, caused a disruption in the capital
markets, which may lead to a recession or market correction that could impact our access to capital, and could in the future negatively
affect our liquidity. A recession or market correction, continued supply chain disruptions and/or inflation could materially affect our
business and the value of our common stock. Further, recent rises in interest rates have had and may continue to have a negative effect
on market prices for common stock of pharmaceutical companies that have no current or near-term revenue. Further increases in interest
rates, which have been implemented and may be further implemented to counteract inflationary pressures, may continue to exacerbate this
issue. 

Cash Flows 

The following table summarizes
our sources and uses of cash for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in thousands): 

Years Ended December 31, 
 Period-to- 
 Period 

2022 
 2021 
 Change 

Net cash used in operating activities 
 (26,457 
 (34,502 
 8,045 
 
 Net cash provided by/(used in) investing activities 
 14,950 
 (98,194 
 113,144 
 
 Net cash provided by/(used in) financing activities 
 (90 
 (228 
 138 
 
 Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents, and restricted cash 
 (11,597 
 (132,924 
 121,327 

66 

Comparison of the Years Ended December
31, 2022 and 2021 

Net cash used in operating
activities was approximately 26.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to approximately 34.5 million for the year ended
December 31, 2021. The decrease in cash used in operating activities of approximately 8.0 million was primarily driven by a decrease
in net loss of approximately 18.7 million, which was partially offset by a 3.8 million decrease in non-cash items including stock-based
compensation, right-of-use asset, and amortization of premium on marketable debt securities. There was an increase in working capital
of 1.1 million, primarily related to changes in prepaid expenses and other current assets, accounts payable, and accrued expenses resulting
from the timing of payments to our service providers. 

Net cash provided by investing
activities was approximately 15.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to net cash used in investing activities of
approximately 98.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The change of 113.1 million resulted primarily from purchase of marketable
debt securities of 43.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 124.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021
and from proceeds from maturity and redemption of marketable debt securities of 58.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 as
compared to 27.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Net cash used in financing
activities was approximately 0.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to net cash provided by financing activities
of 0.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease of approximately 0.1 million was driven by the reduction in stock
price of the shares repurchased in connection with the settlement of restricted stock units for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Contractual and Other Obligations 

Operating lease obligations 

Our operating lease obligations
primarily consist of lease payments on our corporate headquarters in New York, New York, as well as lease payments for our development
laboratory, a manufacturing facility and an additional manufacturing space, all located in North America which are described in further
detail in Note 8 of our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Future contractual payments on
operating lease obligations due within one year of December 31, 2022 are 1.3 million, and future contractual payments on operating lease
obligations due greater than one year from December 31, 2022 are 6.4 million. 

Other obligations 

From time to time, we enter
into certain types of contracts that contingently require us to indemnify parties against third-party claims, supply agreements, and
agreements with directors and officers. The terms of such obligations vary by contract and in most instances a maximum dollar amount
is not explicitly stated therein. Generally, amounts under these contracts cannot be reasonably estimated until a specific claim is asserted,
thus no liabilities have been recorded for these obligations on our consolidated balance sheet for the periods presented. 

We enter into contracts
in the normal course of business with CROs and clinical sites for the conduct of clinical trials, non-clinical research studies, professional
consultants for expert advice and other vendors for clinical supply manufacturing or other services. These contracts generally provide
for termination on notice, and therefore are cancelable contracts. 

Certain of these agreements
require us to pay milestones to such third parties upon achievement of certain development, regulatory or commercial milestones as further
described in Note 8 of our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Amounts related to contingent
milestone payments are not considered contractual obligations as they are contingent on the successful achievement of certain development,
regulatory approval and commercial milestones, which may not be achieved. 

We also have obligations
to make future payments to third parties that become due and payable on the achievement of certain milestones, including future payments
to third parties with whom we have entered into research, development and commercialization agreements. We have not included these commitments
on our consolidated balance sheet for the periods presented because the achievement and timing of these milestones is not fixed and determinable. 

67 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market
Risk . 

No disclosure required. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

The consolidated financial
statements required pursuant to this item are included in Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and are presented beginning on page
F-1. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting
and Financial Disclosure. 

None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We maintain disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) or 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) that are designed to ensure that information required
to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is (1) recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within
the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and (2) accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal
executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

As of December 31, 2022,
our management, with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness
of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our management recognizes
that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their
objectives, and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures.
Our principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded based upon the evaluation described above that, as of
December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level. 

We continue to review and
document our disclosure controls and procedures, including our internal controls and procedures for financial reporting, and may from
time to time make changes aimed at enhancing their effectiveness and to ensure that our systems evolve with our business. 

Management s Annual Report on Internal
Control Over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is a process
designed under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

As of December 31, 2022,
our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting using the criteria set forth by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, or COSO, in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2017). Based on this assessment,
management, under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, concluded that,
as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting was effective based on those criteria. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting 

An evaluation was performed
under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer,
of any changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during our last fiscal quarter that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. That evaluation did not identify any change
in our internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15 and 15(d)-15 promulgated under the Exchange
Act, that occurred during our latest fiscal quarter and that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our
internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information. 

None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent
Inspections. 

None. 

68 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

The information required
by this Item and not set forth below will be set forth in the section headed Election of Directors and Information
Regarding the Board of Directors and Corporate Governance in our definitive Proxy Statement for our 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders
to be filed with the SEC on or before May 2, 2023 (our Proxy Statement and is incorporated in this report
by reference. 

We have adopted a code of
ethics for directors, officers (including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer)
and employees, known as the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. The Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is available on our website
at http://www.protaratx.com under the Corporate Governance section of our Investors page. We will promptly disclose on our website
(i) the nature of any amendment to the policy that applies to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal
accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions and (ii) the nature of any waiver, including an implicit waiver,
from a provision of the policy that is granted to one of these specified individuals, the name of such person who is granted the waiver
and the date of the waiver. Stockholders may request a free copy of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics by emailing info@protaratx.com. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 

The information required
by this Item will be set forth in the section headed Executive Compensation in our Proxy Statement and is incorporated
in this report by reference. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management
and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The information required
by this Item will be set forth in the section headed Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 
in our Proxy Statement and is incorporated in this report by reference. 

Information regarding our
equity compensation plans will be set forth in the section headed Executive Compensation in our Proxy Statement
and is incorporated in this report by reference. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director
Independence. 

The information required
by this Item will be set forth in the section headed Transactions with Related Persons in our Proxy Statement and
is incorporated in this report by reference. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 

The information required
by this Item will be set forth in the section headed Ratification of Selection of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm in our Proxy Statement and is incorporated in this report by reference. 

69 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 

(a) Documents filed as
part of this report. 

1. The following financial
statements of Protara Therapeutics, Inc. and Report of Ernst Young LLP, Independent Register Public Accounting Firm, are included
in this report: 

Page Number 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID:42) 
 F-2 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 F-3 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity 
 F-5 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-7 

2. List of financial statement
schedules: 

All schedules have been omitted
because they are not applicable or the required information is shown in the financial statements or notes thereto. 

3. List of Exhibits required
by Item 601 of Regulation S-K. See part (b) below. 

(b) Exhibits. 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 
 
 2.1 
 
 Agreement
 and Plan of Merger and Reorganization, dated September 23, 2019, by and among the Registrant, ArTara Therapeutics, Inc. and REM 1
 Acquisition, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K as filed on September 24, 2019, and
 incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 2.2 
 
 Amendment
 No. 1 to Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization, dated November 19, 2019, by and among the Registrant, ArTara Therapeutics,
 Inc. and REM 1 Acquisition, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 2.2 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Amendment No. 2 to Form
 S-4 as filed on December 4, 2019, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 3.1 
 
 Sixth
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 27, 2014). 
 
 3.2 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment to the Sixth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s
 Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on January 10, 2020). 
 
 3.3 
 
 Second
 Certificate of Amendment to the Sixth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3
 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on May 13, 2020). 
 
 3.4 
 
 Certificate
 of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series 1 Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 3.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on January 10, 2020). 
 
 3.5 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment to the Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series 1 Convertible Non-Voting Preferred
 Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on September
 23, 2020). 
 
 3.6+ 
 
 Composite Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant 
 
 3.7 
 
 Second
 Amended and Restated Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on August 3, 2017). 
 
 4.1 
 
 Form
 of Common Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed
 with the SEC on January 10, 2020). 
 
 4.2 
 
 Description of securities registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act of 1934 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on March 11, 2021). 
 
 4.3 
 
 Registration
 Rights Agreement, dated as of September 23, 2019, by and among the Registrant and the institutional investors named therein (incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on September 24, 2019). 
 
 10.1 
 
 2006
 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended and restated August 21, 2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Amendment No. 1 to the
 Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on October 7, 2014 (File No. 333-198777)). 
 
 10.2 
 
 Form
 of Stock Option Grant Notice and Stock Option Agreement under the Company s 2006 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended (incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on September 16, 2014). 

70 

10.3 
 
 Assignment
 of Rights/License Agreement, effective as of February 4, 2002, by and between Johns Hopkins University and F. Nicholas Franano (incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on September 16, 2014). 
 
 10.4 
 
 Letter
 Agreement, dated January 12, 2009, by and between F. Nicholas Franano and the Company (as successor-in-interest to Proteon Therapeutics,
 L.L.C.) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on September
 16, 2014). 
 
 10.5 
 
 2014
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.25 to Amendment No. 1 to the Company s Registration Statement
 on Form S-1 filed on October 7, 2014). 
 
 10.6 
 
 Subscription
 Agreement, dated September 23, 2019, by and among the Registrant and the institutional investors named therein (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on September 24, 2019). 
 
 10.7 
 
 First
 Amendment to Subscription Agreement, dated November 19, 2019, by and among the Registrant and the institutional investors named therein
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.12 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-4). 
 
 10.8 
 
 Amended
 and Restated 2014 Equity Incentive Plan of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current
 Report on Form 8-K, filed on January 10, 2020). 
 
 10.9 
 
 Forms
 of Stock Option Agreement, Option Exercise, Restricted Stock Unit Grant and Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under the Amended and
 Restated 2014 Equity Incentive Plan of the Registrant, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.25 to the Registrant s
 Annual Report on Form 10-K on form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019 filed on March 20, 2020). 
 
 10.10 
 
 2017
 Equity Incentive Plan of ArTara Subsidiary, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Registrant s Current Report
 on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on January 10, 2020). 
 
 10.11 
 
 Inducement
 Plan of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with
 the SEC on March 30, 2020). 
 
 10.12 
 
 Form
 of Stock Option Grant Notice and Stock Option Agreement under the Inducement Plan of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on March 30, 2020). 
 
 10.13 
 
 Forms
 of Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under the Inducement Plan of the Registrant (incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on March 30, 2020). 
 
 10.14 
 
 Executive
 Employment Agreement, dated as of November 5, 2019, as amended on December 4, 2019, by and between ArTara Subsidiary, Inc. and Jesse
 Shefferman. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on
 January 10, 2020). 
 
 10.15 
 
 Executive
 Employment Agreement, dated as of December 17, 2019, by and between ArTara Subsidiary, Inc. and Jacqueline Zummo, Ph.D., MPH, MBA.
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on January 10,
 2020). 
 
 10.16 
 
 Executive Employment Agreement, effective as of January 10, 2022, by and between the Registrant and Jathin Bandari, M.D. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on May 5, 2022). 
 
 10.17 + 
 Executive Employment Agreement, effective as of January 30, 2023 by and between the Registrant and Patrick Fabbio. 
 
 10.18 
 
 Choline
 License Agreement, by and between ArTara Subsidiary, Inc. and Alan L. Buchman, M.D. dated as of September 27, 2017. (incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on January 10, 2020). 
 
 10.19 
 
 Sponsored
 Research and License Agreement, by and between ArTara Subsidiary, Inc. and The University of Iowa dated as of November 28, 2018.
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on January 10,
 2020). 
 
 10.20 
 
 License
 Agreement, by and between ArTara Subsidiary, Inc. and The Feinstein Institute for Medical Research dated as of December 22, 2017.
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on January 10,
 2020). 

71 

10.21 
 
 Agreement,
 by and between ArTara Subsidiary, Inc. and Chugai Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. dated as of June 17, 2019. (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 10.7 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on January 10, 2020). 
 
 10.22 
 
 Amendment
 to Agreement, by and between Chugai Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. and the Registrant, dated as of July 14, 2020 and effective as of June
 30, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on
 November 12, 2020). 
 
 10.23 
 
 Form
 of Indemnity Agreement between the Registrant and each of its directors and officers. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8
 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on January 10, 2020). 
 
 10.24 
 
 Restated Non-Employee Director Compensation Policy (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on May 5, 2022). 
 
 10.25 
 
 Lease by and between 345 PAS HOLDING LLC, and the Registrant, dated as of December 7, 2020. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.25 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on March 11, 2021) 
 
 10.26 
 
 Consulting
 Agreement, dated as of October 16, 2021, by and between the Company and Mart n Sebastian Olivo, M.D. (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on October 18, 2021). 
 
 10.27 
 
 Separation
 Agreement and Release, dated as of October 15, 2021, by and between the Company and Mart n Sebastian Olivo, M.D. (incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on October 18, 2021. 
 
 10.28 
 
 Executive Employment Agreement, effective as of February 11, 2020 by and between the Registrant and Blaine Davis (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.30 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on March 19, 2020). 
 
 10.29 
 
 Separation Agreement and Release, dated as of June 20, 2022, by and between the Registrant and Blaine Davis (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on June 21, 2022). 
 
 21.1 + 
 
 List of Subsidiaries. 
 
 23.1 + 
 
 Consent of Ernst Young LLP, independent registered public accounting firm. 
 
 24.1 + 
 
 Power of Attorney (Included in signature pages) 
 
 31.1 + 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2 + 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 + 
 
 Principal Executive Officer Certification and Principal Financial Officer Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 101 
 
 Interactive Data Files
 Pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T: (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2020 and 2019; (ii) the Consolidated
 Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019; (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders 
 Equity (Deficit) for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019; (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended
 December 31, 2020 and 2019; and (v) the notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Presentation Linkbase Document. 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File
 (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

+ 
 Filed herewith. 

Schedules have been omitted
 pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. A copy of any omitted schedules will be furnished to the SEC upon request. 

Indicates management contract or compensatory plan
 or arrangement. 

Certain portions of this
 exhibit (indicated by [ ] have been omitted as the Registrant has determined (i) the omitted information is not
 material and (ii) the omitted information is of the type the Registrant customarily and actually treats as private or confidential. 

Certain exhibits and schedules
 have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. The Registrant hereby undertakes to furnish supplementally a copy
 of any omitted exhibit or schedule upon request by the SEC. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 

None. 

72 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Protara
 Therapeutics, Inc. 

Date: March 8, 2023 
 /s/
JESSE SHEFFERMAN 

Jesse Shefferman 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 (on behalf of the registrant and as the registrant s
 Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: March 8, 2023 
 /s/
 PATRICK FABBIO 

Patrick Fabbio 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (on behalf of the registrant and as the registrant s
 Principal Financial Officer) 

KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE
PRESENTS, that each individual whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Jesse Shefferman and Patrick Fabbio his or her
true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent with full power of substitution, for him or her and in his or her name, place and stead, in
any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto
and all documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorney-in-fact and agent,
full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about the premises,
as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorney-in-fact
and agent, or his or her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and
in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 JESSE SHEFFERMAN 
 
 President and Chief Executive
 Officer and Director 
 
 March 8, 2023 
 
 Jesse
 Shefferman 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/
 PATRICK FABBIO 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 March 8, 2023 
 
 Patrick Fabbio 
 
 (Principal Financial
Officer) 

/s/ HANNAH FRY 
 
 Vice President, Controller 
 
 March 8, 2023 
 
 Hannah Fry 
 
 (Principal Accounting
Officer) 

/s/
 LUKE BESHAR 
 
 Chairman of the Board of
 Directors 
 
 March 8, 2023 
 
 Luke Beshar 

/s/
 BARRY FLANNELLY, PHARM.D. 
 
 Director 
 
 March 8, 2023 
 
 Barry Flannelly, Pharm.D. 

/s/
 ROGER GARCEAU, M.D. 
 
 Director 
 
 March 8, 2023 
 
 Roger Garceau, M.D. 

/s/
 JANE HUANG, M.D. 
 
 Director 
 
 March 8, 2023 
 
 Jane Huang, M.D. 

/s/ RICHARD
 LEVY, M.D. 
 
 Director 
 
 March 8, 2023 
 
 Richard Levy, M.D. 

/s/ GREGORY
 P. SARGEN 
 
 Director 
 
 March 8, 2023 
 
 Gregory P. Sargen 

/s/
 CYNTHIA SMITH 
 
 Director 
 
 March 8, 2023 
 
 Cynthia Smith 

/s/ MICHAEL
 SOLOMON, PH.D. 
 
 Director 
 
 March 8, 2023 
 
 Michael Solomon, Ph.D. 

73 

Protara Therapeutics,
Inc. 
Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Protara Therapeutics, Inc. for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 Page No. Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: F-2 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-3 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-4 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-5 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-6 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-7 

F- 1 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm 

To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Protara Therapeutics,
Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of Protara Therapeutics, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements
of operations and comprehensive loss, changes in stockholders deficit and cash flows for each of the two years ended December 31,
2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated
financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021,
and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with
U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with
the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the
financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we
engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures
to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that
respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as
evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matter 

The critical audit matter communicated below
is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to
the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our
especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion
on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing
a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the account or disclosure to which it relates. 

Valuation of Goodwill 
 
 Description of the Matter 
 
 As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial
 statements, goodwill is assessed annually for impairment as of December 31, or more frequently if an event occurs or circumstances change
 that would indicate that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit has declined below its carrying value. As
 a result of the annual impairment test, the Company determined the estimated fair value of the reporting unit was less than the carrying
 value and recorded a non-cash goodwill impairment expense in the statements of operations and comprehensive loss of 29.5 million. 
 
 Auditing the Company s quantitative impairment
 test for goodwill was especially complex and judgmental due to the significant estimation required in determining the fair value of the
 reporting unit. In particular, the fair value estimate was sensitive to the significant assumptions that require judgment including the
 amount and timing of expected future cash flows and the related discount rate. These assumptions are affected by such factors as expected
 future market or economic conditions and clinical trial and regulatory events. 

How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 
 To test the estimated fair value of the reporting unit, our audit procedures included, among others, assessing the valuation methodology, evaluating the significant assumptions used to develop the projected financial information, and testing the underlying data used by the Company in its analysis. For example, we compared the projected financial information developed by management to current industry benchmarks and economic trends and evaluated the expected impacts of the Company s ongoing operating strategies to develop its portfolio of therapies on the significant assumptions. We performed sensitivity analyses of the significant assumptions to evaluate the change in the fair value of the reporting unit resulting from changes in the assumptions. We also considered the relationship between the fair value of the reporting unit to the market capitalization of the Company. In addition, we involved our internal valuation specialists to assist in evaluating the methodology and significant assumptions applied in developing the fair value estimate. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

March 8, 2023 

F- 2 

Protara Therapeutics, Inc. 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 

(in thousands, except share and per share data) 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Marketable debt securities 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Restricted cash, non-current 

Marketable debt securities, non-current 

Property and equipment, net 

Operating lease right-of-use asset 

Goodwill 
 -

Other assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Operating lease liability 

Total current liabilities 

Operating lease liability, non-current 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 9) 

Stockholders Equity 

Preferred stock, 0.001 par value, authorized 10,000,000 shares: 

Series 1 convertible preferred stock, shares authorized at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
 
 -
 
 -

Common stock, 0.001 par value, authorized 100,000,000 shares: 

Common stock, and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

Additional paid in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements. 

F- 3 

Protara Therapeutics, Inc. 

Consolidated Statements of Operations
and Comprehensive Loss 

(in thousands, except share and per
share data) 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Operating expenses: 

Research and development 

General and administrative 

Loss on impairment of goodwill 
 
 -

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expense), net 

Interest and investment income 

Other income (expense), net 

Net loss 

Net loss per share attributable to common stockholders, basic and diluted

Weighted average shares outstanding, basic and diluted

Other comprehensive income (loss): 

Net unrealized (loss) gain on marketable debt securities 

Other comprehensive income (loss) 

Comprehensive Loss 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements. 

F- 4 

Protara Therapeutics, Inc. 

Consolidated Statements of Changes
in Stockholders Equity 

(in thousands, except share and per
share data) 

Series 1 Convertible 
Preferred Stock 

Common Stock 

Additional 
Paid-in 

Accumulated 

Accumulated 
Other 
Comprehensive 

Total 
Stockholders 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Capital 

Deficit 

Loss 

Equity 

Balance at December 31, 2020 

- 

() 

- 

Settlement of restricted stock units 

- 

- 

- 

() 

- 

- 

() 
 
 Stock-based compensation - restricted stock units 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Stock-based compensation - stock options 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Other comprehensive loss 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

() 
 
 Net loss 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

- 

() 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2021 

- 

() 

() 

Settlement of restricted stock units 

- 

- 

- 

() 

- 

- 

() 
 
 Stock-based compensation - restricted stock units 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Stock-based compensation - stock options 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Other comprehensive loss 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

() 
 
 Net loss 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

- 

() 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2022 

- 

() 

() 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements. 

F- 5 

Protara Therapeutics, Inc. 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

(in thousands) 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Loss on impairment of goodwill 
 
 - 
 
 Stock based compensation 

Operating lease right-of-use asset 

Depreciation 

Amortization of premium on marketable debt securities 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Other assets 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Operating lease liabilities 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchase of marketable debt securities 

Proceeds from maturity and redemption of marketable debt securities 

Purchase of property and equipment 

Net cash (used in)/provided by investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Repurchase of shares in connection with settlement of RSUs 

Net cash (used in)/provided by financing activities 

Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash 

Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash - beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash - end of period 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Cash paid for: 

Interest 
 -
 
 - 
 
 Income Taxes 
 -
 
 -

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements. 

F- 6 

Protara Therapeutics, Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(amounts in thousands, except share and per
share data) 

F- 7 

Protara Therapeutics, Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(amounts in thousands, except share and per
share data) 

F- 8 

Protara Therapeutics, Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(amounts in thousands, except share and per
share data) 

Restricted cash, non-current 

Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash shown in the consolidated statements of cash flows 

F- 9 

Protara Therapeutics, Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(amounts in thousands, except share and per
share data) 

Furniture,
 fixtures and other 

Laboratory
 equipment 

Leasehold
 improvements 

F- 10 

Protara Therapeutics, Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(amounts in thousands, except share and per
share data) 

. 

million in goodwill. 

from December 31, 2021, which reflects the overall decline of similar companies with less than million
in market capitalizations, or microcap companies. The life sciences sector, which includes pre-commercialization and therefore net operating
loss generating companies, relies heavily on the capital markets to finance their operations and fund pre-clinical and clinical trials
for their existing development programs. As a result of a shift in risk appetite in the overall financial markets, the availability of
capital for life science sector companies decreased significantly in 2022. The challenging financing conditions had a negative impact
on stock prices and respective market capitalizations, particularly for microcap companies. The Company considered the heightened financing
risk that impacted the life sciences sector during 2022 to be one of the key macroeconomic factors that led to a sustained decrease in
the Company s stock price and market capitalization leading up to its annual goodwill impairment assessment date in late 2022. Based
upon the results of our 2022 annual goodwill impairment test, the Company recorded a loss on impairment of goodwill of million during
the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Accumulated impairment loss, as of December 31, 2021 
 -

Goodwill as of December 31, 2021 

Additions to goodwill 
 -

Loss on impairment 

Goodwill as of December 31, 2022 
 -

F- 11 

Protara Therapeutics, Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(amounts in thousands, except share and per
share data) 

to for RSUs and
 for stock options. 

F- 12 

Protara Therapeutics, Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(amounts in thousands, except share and per
share data) 

percent likely to be realized upon settlement. A liability for unrecognized tax benefits is recorded
for any tax benefits claimed in the Company s tax returns that do not meet these recognition and measurement standards. The Company s
policy is to record interest and penalties on uncertain tax positions as a component of income tax expense in the consolidated statement
of operations and comprehensive loss. 

F- 13 

Protara Therapeutics, Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(amounts in thousands, except share and per
share data) 

-
 
 -

Corporate bonds (a) 
 -

-

Restricted cash, non-current 

Money market funds (b) 
 
 -
 
 -

Marketable debt securities 

Corporate bonds (c) 
 -

-

Total 

-

-
 
 -

Restricted cash, non-current 

Money market funds (b) 
 
 -
 
 -

Marketable debt securities 

Corporate bonds (c) 
 -

-

Total 

-

(b) (c) 

F- 14 

Protara Therapeutics, Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(amounts in thousands, except share and per
share data) 

million, refer to Note 2 for additional details on the impairment of goodwill. The fair value of our reporting
unit was determined using an income approach based on discounted cash flows, or DCF. Determining fair value using a DCF analysis requires
the exercise of significant judgment with respect to several assumptions and estimates, including the amount and timing of expected future
cash flows and appropriate discount rate to be applied. The expected cash flows used in the DCF analysis are based on our most recent
internal long-range forecast and budget and, for years beyond the budget, our estimates, which are based, in part, on industry benchmarks
and forecasted growth rates. The discount rate used in the DCF analysis is intended to reflect the risks inherent in the expected future
cash flows of the respective programs within our portfolio. The inputs to the DCF model are Level 3 valuation inputs. 

-

Corporate bonds - presented in marketable debt securities, non-current 
 
 -

Total 
 
 -

-

Corporate bonds - presented in marketable debt securities, non-current 
 
 -

Total 
 
 -

included in investment income within the consolidated statements of operations
and comprehensive loss. There were no sales of securities in the periods presented. 

F- 15 

Protara Therapeutics, Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(amounts in thousands, except share and per
share data) 

and was not material. The Company has the ability to hold such securities with an unrealized loss until its forecasted
recovery. The Company determined that there was no material change in the credit risk of the above investments. No other than temporary impairment
loss has been recorded on the securities as of December 31, 2022, as the Company believes that any decrease in fair value of these securities
is temporary and the Company expects to recover at least up to the initial cost of the investment for these securities. 

Accretion/(amortization) of discount/premium, net 

Realized gain/(loss) 
 
 -

Total interest and investment income 

Prepaid research and development 

Prepaid software 

Accrued interest on marketable debt securities 

Other prepaid expenses 

Other current assets 

Total 

Furniture, fixtures and other 

Laboratory equipment 

Leasehold improvements 

Property and equipment not yet placed into service 

Total property and equipment 

Less: Accumulated depreciation 

Total property and equipment, net 

and for the
years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2022, and was included in research
and development expense and general and administrative expense, respectively, within the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive
loss. During the year ended December 31, 2021, and was included in research and development expense and general and administrative
expense, respectively, within the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, 
of the Company s total property and equipment, net was attributable to the United States. 

F- 16 

Protara Therapeutics, Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(amounts in thousands, except share and per
share data) 

Research and development costs 

Other expenses 

Total 

The Office Lease has a term of approximately seven years and contains provisions
for a free-rent period, annual rent increases and an allowance for tenant improvements. The Company has an option to extend the term
by five years, however, the Company determined at the lease commencement date that it was not reasonably certain to exercise the renewal
option and such renewal was excluded from the operating lease right-of-use, or ROU, asset and operating lease liability recorded for
this lease. 

secured by cash
balances included in restricted cash. 

and during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively,
which is included in operating cash flows. The ROU asset obtained in exchange for operating lease liabilities related to the Office Lease
was . 

F- 17 

Protara Therapeutics, Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(amounts in thousands, except share and per
share data) 

Short-term lease expense 

Total 

Weighted-average remaining lease term operating lease (in months) 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total future operating lease payments 

Less: imputed interest 

Present value of future minimum lease payments 

and , in connection with the Choline License Agreement. 

F- 18 

Protara Therapeutics, Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(amounts in thousands, except share and per
share data) 

and , respectively, in connection with the Feinstein Agreement. 

F- 19 

Protara Therapeutics, Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(amounts in thousands, except share and per
share data) 

shares of common stock authorized for issuance, par value per share, of which and shares were issued and
outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

to . The
Amendment was approved by a committee of the Company s Board of Directors and the requisite holders of outstanding shares of Series
1 Convertible Preferred Stock. No approval of the holders of the Company s common stock was required to effectuate the Amendment. 

shares of preferred stock authorized for issuance, par value per share of which shares of Series 1 Convertible
Preferred Stock are authorized for issuance and shares were issued and outstanding, respectively. 

shares of the Company s common stock, at a conversion price initially equal to approximately 
per common share, subject to adjustment for any stock splits, stock dividends and similar events, at any time at the option of the holder,
provided that any conversion of Series 1 Convertible Preferred Stock by a holder into shares of the Company s common stock would
be prohibited if, as a result of such conversion, the holder, together with its affiliates and any other person or entity whose beneficial
ownership of the Company s common stock would be aggregated with such holder s for purposes of Section 13(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, would beneficially own more than of the total number of shares of the Company s common
stock issued and outstanding after giving effect to such conversion. Upon written notice to the Company, the holder may from time to
time increase or decrease such limitation to any other percentage not in excess of specified in such notice. In addition, upon
the occurrence of certain transactions that involve the merger or consolidation of the Company, an exchange or tender offer, a sale of
all or substantially all of the assets of the Company or a reclassification of its Common Stock, each share of Series 1 Convertible Preferred
Stock will be convertible into the kind and amount of securities, cash and/or other property that the holder of a number of shares of
Common Stock issuable upon conversion of one share of Series 1 Convertible Preferred Stock would receive in connection with such transaction. 

per share upon liquidation of the Company, and thereafter will share ratably in any distributions
or payments on an as-converted basis with the holders of Common Stock. 

F- 20 

Protara Therapeutics, Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(amounts in thousands, except share and per
share data) 

shares of its common stock at an offering price of per share, for gross and net proceeds of approximately
 million and million, respectively. The underwriters were granted an option to purchase up to additional shares of
the Company s common stock at the public offering price, less the underwriting discount. On October 6, 2020, the underwriters exercised
their overallotment option in full, purchasing an additional shares, resulting in the receipt of gross and net proceeds of 
million and million, respectively. 

shares of its Series 1 Convertible Preferred Stock at an offering price of per share, for gross and
net proceeds of approximately million and million, respectively. 

shares for the issuance of the Company s common stock. The Compensation Committee also adopted a form of stock option
grant notice and stock option agreement and forms of restricted stock unit grant notice and restricted stock unit agreement for use with
the Inducement Plan. 

shares remain
available to be issued under the 2020 Inducement Plan. 

shares for the issuance of stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock and restricted stock
units to among others, members of the Board of Directors, employees, consultants and service providers to the Company and its affiliates.
As of January 9, 2020, in connection with the Merger, no additional awards will be made under the 2017 Equity Incentive Plan. 

F- 21 

Protara Therapeutics, Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(amounts in thousands, except share and per
share data) 

shares and made conforming changes and updates pursuant to Section 162(m) of the Code. 

shares to
 shares. As of December 31, 2022, shares remain available to be issued under the Amended 2014 Plan. 

shares to
 shares available to be issued. 

shares
of the Company s common stock. The number of shares increases each January 1, commencing on January 1, 2015 and ending on (and
including) January 1, 2024, by an amount equal to the lesser of one percent of the outstanding shares as of the end of the immediately
preceding fiscal year, shares or any lower amount determined by the Company s Board of Directors prior to each such January
1st. 

shares to shares. As of December
31, 2022, the authorized number of shares under the 2014 ESPP is and the number of shares available for issuance is . During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, no shares were issued under the 2014 ESPP. 

shares to shares. 

Granted 

Forfeited 

Vested 

Non-vested 12/31/2022 

F- 22 

Protara Therapeutics, Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(amounts in thousands, except share and per
share data) 

.
As of December 31, 2022, the weighted average remaining amortization period was years. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, 
and RSUs, respectively, have vested that have not yet been settled into shares of the Company s common stock. 

shares of the Company s common stock from the net settlement of RSUs. The Company paid in connection with the net share
settlement of these RSUs. 

- 
 - 
 
 Dividend yield 

Expected volatility 
 - 
 - 
 
 Risk-free interest rate 
 - 
 - 
 
 Expected life (in years) 
 - 
 - 

Granted 

-
 
 -

Exercised 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Forfeited 

-
 
 -

Expired 

-
 
 -

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

-

Vested or expected to vest at December 31, 2022 

-

Exercisable as of December, 31 2022 

-

and , respectively. As of December 31,
2022, there was approximately of unrecognized share-based compensation for unvested stock option grants which is expected to be
recognized over a weighted average period of years. The total unrecognized share-based compensation cost will be adjusted for actual
forfeitures as they occur. 

F- 23 

Protara Therapeutics, Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(amounts in thousands, except share and per
share data) 

Stock options 

Total 

General and administrative 

Total 

State 
 )) 
 
 Total deferred 

Change in valuation allowance 

Total income tax expense (benefit) 
 -
 
 -

F- 24 

Protara Therapeutics, Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(amounts in thousands, except share and per
share data) 

Capitalized research and development 
 
 - 
 
 Stock option expense 

Research and development credits 

Operating lease liability 

RSU expense 

Other 

Total deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

Deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Operating right-of-use asset 

Other 
 
 - 
 
 Total deferred tax liabilities 

Deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance and deferred tax liabilities 
 -
 
 -

State taxes, net of federal benefit 

Research and development credits 

True-up to prior years return 

Other 

State rate change 
 -

Stock-based compensation 

Goodwill impairment 
 
 - 
 
 Change in valuation allowance 

Effective tax rate 
 -
 
 -

and , respectively, of unused net operating losses NOLs available for carry forward to future years. As a result of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 TCJA ),
for U.S. income tax purposes, NOLs generated in tax years beginning before January 1, 2018 can still be carried forward for up to years,
but net operating losses generated for tax years beginning after December 31, 2017 carryforward indefinitely and can be used to offset
taxable income. Of the total Federal NOL, can be carried forward until 2037; and can be carried forward indefinitely. The
New York state and city NOLs may be carried forward through the year 2042 and may be applied against future taxable income. Further, the
benefit from utilization of NOL carry forwards could be subject to limitations due to material ownership changes that could occur as the
Company continues to issue additional shares of common stock pursuant to its capital raising plans. Based on such limitations, the Company
has significant NOLs for which realization of tax benefits is uncertain. The Company has not performed a study to determine whether or
not there is such a limitation. 

F- 25 

Protara Therapeutics, Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(amounts in thousands, except share and per
share data) 

million and million, respectively. 

of employee contributions up to of employee compensation. For the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded expense of and , respectively, representing employer contributions under
the 401(k) Plan. 

Denominator: 

Weighted-average common shares outstanding basic and diluted

Net loss per share attributable to common stockholders, basic and diluted

Restricted stock units issued and outstanding 

Conversion of Series 1 Convertible Preferred Stock 

Total potentially dilutive shares 

F-26 

<EX-3.6>
 2
 f10k2022ex3-6_protarathera.htm
 COMPOSITE AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION OF THE REGISTRANT

Exhibit 3.6 

THIS COMPOSITE CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION OF PROTARA THERAPEUTICS,
INC. REFLECTS THE PROVISIONS OF ITS SIXTH AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION AS AMENDED AND RESTATED ON OCTOBER 27, 2014,
AND ALL AMENDMENTS THERETO FILED WITH THE DELAWARE SECRETARY OF STATE THEREAFTER, BUT IS NOT AN AMENDMENT AND/OR RESTATEMENT THEREOF. 

COMPOSITE CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION OF 

 PROTARA THERAPEUTICS, INC. 

ARTICLE ONE 

The name of the corporation is Protara Therapeutics, Inc.
(the Corporation ). 

ARTICLE TWO 

The address of the Corporation s
registered office is 1209 Orange Street, in the City of Wilmington, New Castle County, Delaware 19801. The name of the registered agent
in charge thereof is The Corporation Trust Company. 

ARTICLE THREE 

The nature of the business or purpose
of the Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may be organized under the General Corporation Law
of the State of Delaware (the DGCL ). 

ARTICLE FOUR 

Section 1. Authorized Shares .
The total number of shares of all classes of capital stock which the Corporation shall have authority to issue is One Hundred Ten million
(110,000,000) shares, consisting of: 

(a) One Hundred million (100,000,000) shares of common stock, par value 0.001 per share Common Stock ); and 

(b) Ten million (10,000,000) shares of undesignated preferred stock, par value 0.001 per share (the Preferred Stock ). 

Such stock may be issued from time to
time by the Corporation for such consideration as may be fixed by the board of directors of the Corporation (the Board of Directors ).
The following is a statement of the powers, designations, preferences, privileges, and relative rights in respect of each class of capital
stock of the Corporation. 

Section 2. Common Stock . 

(a) General .
The voting, dividend and liquidation rights of the holders of Common Stock are subject to and qualified by the rights of the holders of
Preferred Stock. 

(b) Votin g.
Except as otherwise provided by the DGCL or this Restated Certificate and subject to the rights of holders of any series of Preferred
Stock, all of the voting power of the stockholders of the Corporation shall be vested in the holders of the Common Stock, and each holder
of Common Stock shall have one vote for each share held by such holder on all matters voted upon by the stockholders of the Corporation;
provided, however , that, except as otherwise required by law, holders of Common Stock, as such, shall not be entitled to vote on
any amendment to this Restated Certificate (or on any amendment to a certificate of designations of any series of Preferred Stock) that
alters or changes the powers, preferences, rights or other terms of one or more outstanding series of Preferred Stock if the holders of
such affected series of Preferred Stock are entitled to vote, either separately or together with the holders of one or more other such
series, on such amendment pursuant to this Restated Certificate (or pursuant to a certificate of designations of any series of Preferred
Stock) or pursuant to the DGCL. There shall be no cumulative voting. 

(c) Dividends .
Except as otherwise provided by the DGCL or this Restated Certificate, dividends may be declared and paid on the Common Stock from funds
lawfully available therefor if, as and when determined by the Board of Directors and subject to any preferential dividend rights of any
then outstanding shares of Preferred Stock. 

(d) No
Preemptive Rights . The holders of the Common Stock shall have no preemptive rights to subscribe for any shares of any class
of stock of the Corporation whether now or hereafter authorized. 

(e) No
Conversion Ri g hts . The Common Stock shall not be convertible into, or exchangeable for, shares of any other class or
classes or of any other series of the same class of the Corporation s capital stock. 

(f) Liquidation .
Upon the dissolution or liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Corporation, whether voluntary or involuntary, holders of Common
Stock will be entitled to receive all assets of the Corporation available for distribution to its stockholders equally on a per share
basis, subject to any preferential rights of any then outstanding shares of Preferred Stock and after payment or provision for payment
of the Corporation s debts. 

Section 3. Preferred Stock . To
the fullest extent authorized by the DGCL, shares of Preferred Stock may be issued from time to time in one or more series, each of such
series to have such powers, designations, preferences, and relative, participating, optional, or other special rights, if any, and such
qualifications and restrictions, if any, as are stated or expressed in the resolution or resolutions of the Board of Directors providing
for such series of Preferred Stock. Different series of Preferred Stock shall not be construed to constitute different classes of shares
for the purposes of voting by classes unless expressly so provided in such resolution or resolutions. 

Authority is hereby granted to the Board
of Directors, acting by resolution or resolutions adopted at any time and from time to time, to create, provide for, designate and issue,
out of the authorized but unissued shares of Preferred Stock, one or more series of Preferred Stock, and, in connection with the creation
of any such series of Preferred Stock, to determine and fix the powers, designations, preferences, and relative, participating, optional,
or other special rights, if any, and the qualifications and restrictions, if any, including without limitation dividend rights, conversion
rights, voting rights (if any), redemption privileges, and liquidation preferences, of such series of Preferred Stock (which need not
be uniform among series), all to the fullest extent now or hereafter permitted by the DGCL. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing,
the resolution or resolutions providing for the creation or issuance of any series of Preferred Stock may provide that such series shall
be superior to, rank equally with, or be junior to any other series of Preferred Stock, all to the fullest extent permitted by law. No
resolution, vote, or consent of the holders of the capital stock of the Corporation shall be required in connection with the creation
or issuance of any shares of any series of Preferred Stock authorized by and complying with the conditions of this Restated Certificate,
the right to any such resolution, vote, or consent being expressly waived by all present and future holders of the capital stock of the
Corporation. 

Any resolution or resolutions adopted
by the Board of Directors pursuant to the authority vested in them by this Section 3 of Article Four shall be set forth in a certificate
of designation along with the number of shares of such series of Preferred Stock as to which the resolution or resolutions shall apply
and such certificate shall be executed, acknowledged, filed, recorded, and shall become effective, in accordance with Section 103 of the
DGCL. Unless otherwise provided in any such resolution or resolutions, the number of shares of any such series of Preferred Stock to which
such resolution or resolutions apply may be increased (but not above the total number of authorized shares of Preferred Stock) or decreased
(but not below the number of shares of such series of Preferred Stock then outstanding) by a certificate likewise executed, acknowledged,
filed and recorded, setting forth a statement that a specified increase or decrease therein has been authorized and directed by a resolution
or resolutions likewise adopted by the Board of Directors. In case the number of such shares shall be decreased, the number of shares
so specified in the certificate shall resume the status which they had prior to the adoption of the first resolution or resolutions. When
no shares of any such series of Preferred Stock are outstanding, either because none were issued or because none remain outstanding, a
certificate setting forth a resolution or resolutions adopted by the Board of Directors that none of the authorized shares of such series
of Preferred Stock are outstanding, and that none will be issued subject to the certificate of designations previously filed with respect
to such series of Preferred Stock, may be executed, acknowledged, filed and recorded in the same manner as previously described and it
shall have the effect of eliminating from this Restated Certificate all matters set forth in the certificate of designations with respect
to such series of Preferred Stock. If no shares of any such series of Preferred Stock established by a resolution or resolutions adopted
by the Board of Directors have been issued, the voting powers, designations, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other
rights, if any, with the qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, may be amended by a resolution or resolutions adopted by
the Board of Directors. In the event of any such amendment, a certificate which (i) states that no shares of such series of Preferred
Stock have been issued, (ii) sets forth the copy of the amending resolution or resolutions and (iii) if the designation of such series
of Preferred Stock is being changed, indicates the original designation and the new designation, shall be executed, acknowledged, filed,
recorded, and shall become effective, in accordance with Section 103 of the DGCL. 

2 

Section 4. Reverse
Stock Split . Immediately prior to the Effective Time (as defined below in this Section 4) (the Reverse Stock Split
Effective Time ), a 1-for-40 reverse stock split of the shares of the Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately
prior to the Reverse Stock Split Effective Time shall become effective, whereby every forty (40) shares of Common Stock issued and
outstanding immediately prior to the Reverse Stock Split Effective Time, automatically, and without any action on the part of the
holder thereof, shall be reclassified and combined into one (1) share of Common Stock (the Reverse Stock
Split ). The par value of the Common Stock and the Preferred Stock following the Reverse Stock Split shall remain at
 0.001 per share. The number of authorized shares of Common Stock and Preferred Stock set forth in the first paragraph of Article
Four of this Restated Certificate shall not be affected by, and shall remain unchanged following, the Reverse Stock Split. No
fractional shares of Common Stock shall be issued or issuable in connection with the Reverse Stock Split and, in lieu thereof, any
person who would otherwise be entitled to a fractional share of Common Stock as a result of the Reverse Stock Split (determined
after aggregating all of such fractional shares) shall be entitled to receive, following the Reverse Stock Split, a cash payment
equal to the fraction of which such holder would otherwise be entitled multiplied by the fair value per share of Common Stock as
determined by the board of directors. 

Each stock certificate that represented shares
of Common Stock that were issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Reverse Stock Split Effective Time shall, from and after the
Reverse Stock Split Effective Time, automatically and without the necessity of presenting the same for exchange, represent that number
of whole shares of Common Stock into which the shares formerly represented by such stock certificate have been reclassified and combined
as a result of the Reverse Stock Split (as well as the right to receive cash in lieu of fractional shares of Common Stock after the effectiveness
of the Reverse Stock Split). As soon as practicable after the effectiveness of the Reverse Stock Split and, if applicable in the case
of shares of Common Stock represented by a stock certificate, the surrender of the stock certificate or stock certificates (or lost stock
certificate affidavit and agreement in lieu thereof) for such shares of Common Stock, the Corporation shall (a) issue and deliver, or
cause to be issued and delivered, to each holder of shares of Common Stock immediately prior to the Reverse Stock Split Effective Time,
or to his, her or its nominees, either a stock certificate or stock certificates or a notice of a book-entry made by the Corporation in
its stock records, as applicable, for the number of full shares of Common Stock into which the number of shares of Common Stock held by
such holder immediately prior to the effectiveness of the Reverse Stock Split has been reclassified and combined upon the effectiveness
of the Reverse Stock Split and (b) pay, or cause to be paid, cash in lieu of any fraction of a share of Common Stock resulting from the
Reverse Stock Split. 

For purposes hereof: 

Effective Time has the meaning given to such term
in the Merger Agreement. 

Merger Agreement means the Agreement and Plan
of Merger and Reorganization, dated as of September 23, 2019, among the Corporation, REM 1 Acquisition, Inc., a Delaware corporation and
wholly-owned subsidiary of the Corporation, and ArTara Therapeutics, Inc., a Delaware corporation, without amendment, restatement or other
modification in any material respect. 

Section 5. Automatic Conversion . 

5.1 Effectiveness . Subject to, and immediately
following the later of the Effective Time and the consummation of the Private Placement (as such term is defined in the Merger Agreement)
(the later of the foregoing, the Automatic Conversion Effective Time ), all outstanding shares of Series A Convertible Preferred
Stock, par value 0.001 per share, of the Corporation (the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock shall automatically be
converted into shares of Common Stock, at the then effective Conversion Rate (as defined in the Certificate of Designation of Preferences,
Rights and Limitations of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (the Certificate of Designation )) applicable to Series A
Convertible Preferred Stock, after giving effect to the Reverse Stock Split and as otherwise determined in accordance with the provisions
of Section 7(c) of the Certificate of Designation, all pursuant to and in accordance with the terms of the Certificate of Designation,
as if each Holder (as defined in the Certificate of Designation) had delivered a Conversion Notice (as defined in the Certificate of Designation)
at the Automatic Conversion Effective Time but without any such Holder being required to actually deliver such Conversion Notice, but
without regard to any limitation on the conversion of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, including, without limitation the9.985 
Cap (as such term is defined in the Certificate of Designation). The automatic conversion of all outstanding shares of Series A Convertible
Preferred Stock into Common Stock pursuant to this Section 5.1 is sometimes referred to herein as the Automatic Conversion. 

5.2 No Inconsistent Provisions; Termination .
In the event that any provision of this Section 5 shall conflict with, or not be consistent with, any provision of the Certificate of
Designation, such provision of this Section 5 shall govern and control. The provisions of this Section 5 shall automatically, without
further action by any Holder or the Corporation, terminate and be of no further force or effect upon the termination of the Merger Agreement
prior to the Automatic Conversion Effective Time. 

3 

ARTICLE FIVE 

The Corporation is to have perpetual existence. 

ARTICLE SIX 

Section 1. Classification of Directors .
Effective as of the closing (the IPO Closin g of the Corporation s first public offering of shares of Common
Stock registered pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, the Board of Directors shall be divided into three classes of directors,
Class I, Class II, and Class III, such classes to be as nearly equal in number of directors as possible, having staggered three-year terms
of office (except to the extent otherwise provided in the next sentence with respect to the initial term of the first and second of such
classes of directors). The initial term of office of the directors of Class I shall expire as of the first annual meeting of the Corporation s
stockholders following the IPO Closing; the initial term of office of the directors of Class II shall expire as of the second annual meeting
of the Corporation s stockholders following the IPO Closing; and the initial term of office of the directors of Class III shall
expire as of the third annual meeting of the Corporation s stockholders following the IPO Closing. At each annual meeting of stockholders
of the Corporation after the IPO Closing, nominees will stand for election to succeed those directors whose terms are to expire as of
such annual meeting of stockholders, and such nominees elected at such annual meeting of stockholders shall be elected for a term expiring
at the third annual meeting of stockholders following their election. Directors shall hold office until the annual meeting of stockholders
in which their term is scheduled to expire as set forth above in this Section 1 of Article Six and until their respective successors are
duly elected or qualified or until their earlier death, incapacity, resignation or removal. Those directors already in office immediately
prior to the IPO Closing shall be allocated among the three classes of directors contemplated under this Section 1 of Article Six pursuant
to a resolution or resolutions adopted by the Board of Directors prior to the IPO Closing. 

Section 2. Removal . Subject to
the special rights of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock to elect directors, the directors of the Corporation may be removed
only for cause by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least seventy-five percent (75 of the outstanding shares of capital stock
of the Corporation entitled to vote in the election of directors or class of directors, voting together as a single class, at a meeting
of the stockholders called for that purpose. 

Section 3. Vacancies . Except as
the DGCL may otherwise require, any new directorships or vacancies in the Board of Directors, including new directorships resulting from
any increase in the number of directors to serve in the Board of Directors and/or any unfilled vacancies by reason of death, resignation,
disqualification, removal for cause, failure to elect or otherwise with respect to any director, may be filled only by the vote of a majority
of the remaining directors then in office, although less than a quorum, or by the sole remaining director. 

Section 4. Number of Directors .
Subject to the special rights of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock to elect directors, the number of directors which shall
constitute the Board of Directors shall be fixed exclusively by the Board of Directors from time to time in accordance with the by-laws
of the Corporation. No decrease in the number of directors constituting the whole board shall shorten the term of any incumbent director. 

ARTICLE SEVEN 

The Board of Directors shall have the
power and authority: (i) to adopt, amend or repeal the Corporation s by-laws, subject to the power of the stockholders of the Corporation
entitled to vote with respect thereto to make, alter, amend or repeal the bylaws; provided , that with respect to the powers of stockholders
entitled to vote with respect thereto to make, alter, amend or repeal the bylaws, in addition to any other vote otherwise required by
law, the affirmative vote of the holders of at least seventy-five percent (75 of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Corporation
entitled to vote in the election of directors or class of directors, voting together as a single class, shall be required to make, alter,
amend or repeal the bylaws of the Corporation; and (ii) to the full extent permitted or not prohibited by law, and without the consent
of or other action by the stockholders, to authorize or create mortgages, pledges or other liens or encumbrances upon any or all of the
assets, real, personal or mixed, and franchises of the Corporation, including after-acquired property, and to exercise all of the powers
of the Corporation in connection therewith. 

ARTICLE EIGHT 

Except as otherwise provided for by any
resolutions of the Board of Directors providing for the issuance of any series of Preferred Stock, effective as of the IPO Closing, any
action required or permitted to be taken by the stockholders of the Corporation may be taken only at a duly called annual or special meeting
of the stockholders in which such action is properly brought before such meeting, and not by written consent in lieu of such a meeting.
Subject to any special rights of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock, and to the requirements of applicable law, special meetings
of stockholders of the Corporation may be called only by or at the direction of the Board of Directors pursuant to a resolution adopted
by a majority of the total number of directors. Any business transacted at any special meeting of stockholders shall be limited to matters
relating to the purpose or purposes stated in the notice of meeting 

4 

ARTICLE NINE 

The Corporation reserves the right to
amend, alter, change or repeal any provision contained in this Restated Certificate, in the manner now or hereafter prescribed by the
DGCL, and all rights conferred upon stockholders herein are granted subject to this reservation. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
contained in this Restated Certificate, and notwithstanding that a lesser percentage may be permitted from time to time by applicable
law, the affirmative vote of the holders of at least seventy-five percent (75 of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Corporation
entitled to vote with in the election of directors or class of directors, voting together as a single class (in addition to any separate
class vote that may in the future be required pursuant to the terms of any outstanding Preferred Stock), shall be required to amend or
repeal the provisions of Articles Four (only to the extent it relates to the authority of the Board of Directors to issue shares of Preferred
Stock in one or more series, the terms of which may be determined by the Board of Directors), Six, Seven, Eight, Nine, Ten or Eleven of
this Restated Certificate or to reduce the numbers of authorized shares of Common Stock or Preferred Stock. 

ARTICLE TEN 

Section 1. Limitation of Liabilit y.
To the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL as it now exists or may hereafter be amended (but, in the case of any such amendment, only
to the extent that such amendment permits the Corporation to provide broader indemnification rights than permitted prior thereto), no
director of the Corporation shall be personally liable to the Corporation or to any of its stockholders for monetary damages for breach
of fiduciary duty as a director, notwithstanding any provision of law imposing such liability; provided, however, that to the extent required
from time to time by applicable law, this Article Ten shall not eliminate or limit the liability of a director, to the extent such liability
is provided by applicable law, (i) for any breach of the director s duty of loyalty to the corporation or its stockholders, (ii)
for acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law, (iii) under Section 174
of the DGCL, or (iv) for any transactions from which the director derived an improper personal benefit. 

Section 2. Indemnification . The
Corporation shall, to the fullest extent permitted by Section 145 of the DGCL and as further provided in the Corporation s by-laws,
each as amended from time to time, indemnify each person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened,
pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, by reason of the fact that
such person is or was, or has agreed to become, a director or officer of the Corporation, or is or was serving, or has agreed to serve,
at the request of the Corporation, as a director, officer or trustee of, or in a similar capacity with, another corporation, partnership,
joint venture, trust or other enterprise (including any employee benefit plan), or by reason of any action alleged to have been taken
or omitted in such capacity, against all expenses (including attorneys fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually
and reasonably incurred by him or her or on his or her behalf in connection with such action, suit or proceeding and any appeal therefrom. 

Indemnification may include payment by
the Corporation of expenses in defending an action or proceeding in advance of the final disposition of such action or proceeding upon
receipt of an undertaking by the person indemnified to repay such payment if it is ultimately determined that such person is not entitled
to indemnification under this Article Ten, which undertaking may be accepted without reference to the financial ability of such person
to make such repayment. 

The Corporation
shall not indemnify any such person seeking indemnification in connection with a proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by such person
unless the initiation thereof was approved by the Board of Directors or except and to the extent otherwise permitted in the Corporation s
by-laws or in an agreement between the Corporation and such person. 

The indemnification rights provided in
this Article Ten (i) shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which those indemnified may be entitled under the Corporation s
by-laws, any law, agreement or vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise, and (ii) shall inure to the benefit of the
heirs, executors and administrators of such persons. The Corporation may, to the extent authorized from time to time by its Board of Directors,
grant indemnification rights to other employees or agents of the Corporation or other persons serving the Corporation and such rights
may be equivalent to, or greater or less than, those set forth in this Article Ten. 

5 

Section 3. Mer g er or Consolidation .
For purposes of this Article Ten, references to the Corporation shall include, in addition to the resulting corporation,
any constituent corporation (including any constituent of a constituent) absorbed in a consolidation or merger which, if its separate
existence had continued, would have had power and authority to indemnify its directors, officers and employees or agents, so that any
person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of such constituent corporation, or is or was serving at the request of such
constituent corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise,
shall stand in the same position under this Article Ten with respect to the resulting or surviving corporation as he or she would have
with respect to such constituent corporation if its separate existence had continued. 

Section 4. Amendment or Repeal .
No amendment to or repeal of this Article Ten shall apply to or have any effect on the liability or alleged liability of any director
for or with respect to any acts or omissions of such director occurring prior to the effective date of such amendment or repeal. 

ARTICLE ELEVEN 

Unless the Corporation, as authorized
by the Board of Directors, consents in writing to the selection of one or more alternative forums, the Court of Chancery of the State
of Delaware shall be the sole and exclusive forum for a stockholder (including a beneficial owner) to bring (i) any derivative action
or proceeding brought on behalf of the Corporation, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director,
officer or other employee of the Corporation to the Corporation or the Corporation s stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a
claim against the Corporation arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL or this Restated Certificate or the Corporation s Bylaws
or (iv) any action asserting a claim against the Corporation, its directors, officers or employees governed by the internal affairs doctrine,
except for, as to each of (i) through (iv), any claim as to which the Court of Chancery determines that there is an indispensable party
not subject to the jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery (and the indispensable party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction of
the Court of Chancery within ten days following such determination), which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum
other than the Court of Chancery, or for which the Court of Chancery does not have subject matter jurisdiction. Any person or entity purchasing
or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of capital stock of the Corporation (including, without limitation, shares of Common Stock)
shall, and shall be deemed to, have notice of and to have consented to the provisions of this Article Eleven. 

ARTICLE TWELVE 

If any provision or provisions of this
Restated Certificate shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable as applied to any circumstance for any reason whatsoever: (i)
the validity, legality and enforceability of such provisions in any other circumstance and of the remaining provisions of this Restated
Certificate (including, without limitation, each portion of any paragraph of this Restated Certificate containing any such provision held
to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable that is not itself held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall not in any way be affected
or impaired thereby and (ii) to the fullest extent possible, the provisions of this Restated Certificate (including, without limitation,
each such portion of any paragraph of this Restated Certificate containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable)
shall be construed so as to permit the Corporation to protect its directors, officers, employees and agents from personal liability in
respect of their good faith service to or for the benefit of the Corporation to the fullest extent permitted by law. 

6 

</EX-3.6>

<EX-10.17>
 3
 f10k2022ex10-17_protarathera.htm
 EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT, EFFECTIVE AS OF JANUARY 30, 2023 BY AND BETWEEN THE REGISTRANT AND PATRICK FABBIO

Exhibit 10.17 

PROTARA
THERAPEUTICS, INC. 

 EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 

THIS EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT
AGREEMENT (this Agreement is entered into by and between Protara Therapeutics, Inc. (the Company ),
and Patrick Fabbio Executive (collectively referred to as the Parties or individually referred
to as a Party as of January 5, 2023, and shall become effective on Executive s commencement of employment
with the Company (the Effective Date ), which is expected to be January 30, 2023. 

WHEREAS ,
the Company and Executive desire to enter into this Agreement to define their mutual rights and duties with respect to Executive s
compensation and benefits. 

NOW, THEREFORE ,
in consideration of the mutual promises and covenants contained herein and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and
sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows: 

1.
 Duties and Scope of Employment . 

(a) Positions
and Duties . As of the Effective Date, Executive will serve as Chief Financial Officer of the Company. Executive shall render such
business and professional services in the performance of Executive s duties, consistent with Executive s position within the
Company, as shall reasonably be assigned to Executive by the Company s Chief Executive Officer. Executive will be based at the Company s
headquarters in New York, NY. The period of Executive s at-will employment under the terms of this Agreement is referred to herein
as the Employment Term . 

(b) Obligations .
During the Employment Term, Executive will perform Executive s duties faithfully and to the best of Executive s ability and
will devote Executive s full business efforts and time to the Company. For the duration of the Employment Term, Executive agrees
not to actively engage in any other employment, occupation or consulting activity for any direct or indirect remuneration without the
prior approval of the Company s Chief Executive Officer. For clarity, service on a not-for-profit board of directors shall not be
considered engagement in other employment, occupation or consulting activities. 

2. At-Will
Employment . Subject to Sections 7, 8, and 9 below, the Parties agree that Executive s employment with the Company will be at-will 
employment and may be terminated at any time with or without cause upon written notice, for any reason or no reason. Executive understands
and agrees that neither Executive s job performance nor promotions, commendations, bonuses or the like from the Company give rise
to or in any way serve as the basis for modification, amendment, or extension, by implication or otherwise, of Executive s employment
with the Company. 

3.
 Compensation . 

(a) Base
Salary . During the Employment Term the Company will pay Executive as compensation for Executive s services a base salary at
a rate of 445,000 per year, as modified from time to time at the discretion of the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board or a duly constituted committee of the Board (the Base Salary ). The Base Salary will be paid in regular installments
in accordance with the Company s normal payroll practices (subject to required withholding). Any increase in Base Salary (together
with the then existing Base Salary) shall serve as the Base Salary for future employment under this Agreement. The
first and last payment will be adjusted, if necessary, to reflect a commencement or termination date other than the first or last working
day of a pay period. 

(b) Signing
and Annual Bonus . The Company shall pay to Executive a one-time signing bonus of 25,000 (the Signing Bonus ),
payable within thirty (30) days of the Effective Date. The Signing Bonus is subject to the following repayment obligations: as a condition
of Executive s employment with the Company and for receiving the Signing Bonus, Executive agrees that if, at any time during the
twelve (12) months following the Effective Date Executive resigns from the Company, then Executive shall repay the Signing Bonus to the
Company in full. In all cases, Executive specifically authorizes the Company to deduct all of the Signing Bonus required to be repaid,
if any, from Executive s final payroll check, and to the extent that there is a balance still owed by Executive, Executive will
provide payment to the Company of such balance within thirty (30) days of Executive s separation from service. Executive will also
be eligible to earn an annual discretionary bonus (the Annual Bonus with a target amount equal to forty-five percent
(45 of Executive s then current Base Salary. Ninety percent (90 of Executive s target is
attributed to Company performance and ten percent (10 is attributed to individual/team performance. The amount of the Annual
Bonus, if any, will be determined in the sole discretion of the Board or a duly constituted committee of the Board and based, in part,
on Executive s performance and the performance of the Company during the calendar year. The Annual Bonus may be greater or lesser
than the target bonus amount and may be zero, based upon the achievement of agreed upon corporate and/or individual goals. Executive will
become eligible for the Annual Bonus beginning in 2024 (i.e., with respect to Executive s performance and the performance of the
Company during calendar year 2023). The Annual Bonus is not earned until paid and no pro-rated amount will be paid if Executive s
employment terminates for any reason prior to the payment date. The Annual Bonus is not earned until paid and no pro-rated amount will
be paid if Executive s employment terminates for any reason prior to the payment date except as specified in Section 8. 

(c) Equity .
Subject to the approval of the Board or a duly constituted committee thereof, and as an inducement material to Executive s entering
into the employment with the Company, on the Effective Date, Executive shall be granted an option to purchase 300,000 shares of the Company s
common stock (the Option ), at the fair market value on the date of the grant The shares subject to the Option will
vest over four years as follows: the first twenty-five percent (25 will vest on the one-year anniversary of the grant date and the
remaining options will vest monthly over the remaining thirty-six (36) months of the four-year vesting period. The Option shall be governed
in all respects by the terms of the Company s 2020 Inducement plan (the Option Plan and option agreement
between Executive and the Company (the Option Agreement ), both of which documents are incorporated herein by reference.
Executive will be eligible to receive awards of stock options, restricted stock units or other equity awards pursuant to any plans or
arrangements the Company may have in effect from time to time. The Board or a committee of the Board shall determine in its discretion
and guided by market benchmarks whether Executive shall be granted any such equity awards and the terms of any such award in accordance
with the terms of any applicable plan or arrangement that may be in effect from time to time. Executive will become eligible to receive
equity awards as part of the Company s annual equity compensation program beginning in 2024. 

2 

4. Employee
Benefits . During the Employment Term, Executive will be eligible to participate in the employee benefit plans currently and hereafter
maintained by the Company of general applicability to other senior executives of the Company, including, without limitation, the Company s
group medical, dental, vision, disability, life insurance, and flexible-spending account plans. The Company reserves the right to cancel
or change the benefit plans and programs it offers to its employees at any time. 

5. Business
Expenses . During the Employment Term, the Company will reimburse Executive for reasonable business travel, entertainment or other
business expenses incurred by Executive in the furtherance of or in connection with the performance of Executive s duties hereunder,
in accordance with the Company s expense reimbursement policy as in effect from time to time. Executive will be reimbursed for reasonable
expenses associated with overnight or late- night commitments at the office or other locations of meetings in accordance with the Company
reimbursement policy. 

6.
 Termination on Death or Disability . 

(a) Effectiveness .
Executive s employment will terminate automatically upon Executive s Death or, upon fourteen (14) days prior written notice
from the Company, in the event of Disability. 

(b) Effect
of Termination . Upon any termination for death or Disability, Executive or his or her dependents shall be entitled to: (i) Executive s
Base Salary through the effective date of termination; (ii) the right to continue health care benefits under Title X of the Consolidated
Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, as amended COBRA ), at the Company s expense for a period of six (6) months,
to the extent required and available by law; (iii) reimbursement of expenses for which Executive is entitled to be reimbursed pursuant
to Section 5above, but for which Executive has not yet been reimbursed; and (iv) no other severance or benefits of any kind, unless required
by law or pursuant to any other written Company plans or policies, as then in effect. 

7.
 Involuntary Termination for Cause; Resignation Without Good Reason . 

(a) Effectiveness .
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Company may terminate Executive s employment at any time for Cause or
Executive may resign from Executive s employment with the Company at any time without Good Reason. Termination for Cause, or Executive s
resignation without Good Reason, shall be effective on the date either Party gives notice to the other Party of such termination in accordance
with this Agreement unless otherwise agreed by the Parties. In the event that the Company accelerates the effective date of a resignation,
such acceleration shall not be construed as a termination of Executives employment by the Company or deemed Good Reason for such resignation. 

(b) Effect
of Termination . ln the case of the Company s termination of Executive s employment for Cause, or Executive s resignation
without Good Reason, Executive shall be entitled to receive: (i) Base Salary through the effective date of the termination or resignation,
as applicable; (ii) reimbursement of all business expenses for which Executive is entitled to be reimbursed pursuant to Section 5 above,
but for which Executive has not yet been reimbursed; (iii the right to continue health care benefits under COBRA, at Executive s
cost, to the extent required and available by law; and (iv) no other severance or benefits of any kind unless required by law or pursuant
to any other written Company plans or policies, as then in effect. 

8.
 Involuntary Termination Without Cause; Resignation for Good Reason . 

(a) Effect
of Termination . The Company shall be entitled to terminate Executive with or without Cause at any time, subject to the following: 

(i) If Executive
is terminated by the Company involuntarily without Cause (excluding any termination due to death or Disability) or Executive resigns for
Good Reason, then, subject to the limitations of Sections 8(b) and 24 below, Executive shall be entitled to receive: (A) Executive s
Base Salary through the effective date of the termination or resignation; (B) a lump sum severance pay equal to nine (9) months of Executive s
Base Salary; (C) a lump sum payment equal to Executive s Annual Bonus at target; (D) reimbursement of all business expenses for
which Executive is entitled to be reimbursed pursuant to Section 5 above, but for which Executive has not yet been reimbursed; (E) reimbursement
of any benefit plan premium costs paid by Executive for the same level of coverage Executive had during employment for nine (9) months;
(F) any unused and accrued vacation and (G) no other severance or benefits of any kind unless required by law or pursuant to any written
Company plans or policies, as then in effect. 

3 

(b) Conditions
Precedent . Any severance payments contemplated by Section 8(a) above are conditional on Executive: (i) continuing to comply with the
applicable terms of this Agreement and the Confidential Information Agreement (defined below); and (ii) signing and not revoking a separation
agreement and release of known and unknown claims in the form provided by the Company and the Executive (including non-disparagement and
cooperation provisions) (the Release and provided that such Release becomes effective and irrevocable no later than
sixty (60) days following the termination date or such earlier date required by the release (such deadline, the Release Deadline ).
If the Release does not become effective by the Release Deadline, Executive will forfeit any rights to severance or benefits under this
Section 8 or elsewhere in this Agreement. Any severance payments or other benefits under this Agreement that would be considered Deferred
Compensation Separation Benefits (as defined in Section 25) will be paid on, or, in the case of installments, will not commence until,
the sixtieth (60th) day following Executive s separation from service, or, if later, such time as required by Section 25(b). Except
as required by Section 25(b), any installment payments that would have been made to Employee during the sixty (60) day period immediately
following Executive s separation from service but for the preceding sentence will be paid to Executive on the sixtieth (60th) day
following Executive s separation from service and the remaining payments will be made as provided in this Agreement, unless subject
to the 6-month payment delay described herein. Any severance payments under this Agreement that would not be considered Deferred Compensation
Separation Benefits will be paid on, or, in the case of installments, will not commence until, the first payroll date that occurs on or
after the date the Release becomes effective and any installment payments that would have been made to Executive during the period prior
to the date the Release becomes effective following Executive s separation from service but for the preceding sentence will be paid
to Executive on the first payroll date that occurs on or after the date the Release becomes effective. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
this Section 8(b) shall not limit Executive s ability to obtain expense reimbursements under Section 5 or any other compensation
or benefits otherwise required by law or in accordance with written Company plans or policies, as then in effect. 

9.
 Definitions. 

a. Cause .
For purposes of this Agreement, Cause shall mean: (i) Executive s willful and continued failure to
substantially perform the material duties and obligations under this Agreement (for reasons other than death or Disability), which
failure, if curable within the reasonable discretion of the Company, is not cured to the reasonable satisfaction of the Company
within thirty (30) days after Executive s receipt of written notice from the Company of such failure; (ii) Executive s
failure or refusal to comply with the policies, standards and regulations established by the Company from time-to-time which results
in a material loss, damage or injury directly to the Company, and if curable in the discretion of the Company, is not cured to the
reasonable satisfaction of the Company within thirty (30) days after Executive s receipt of written notice of such failure
from the Company; (iii) any act of personal dishonesty, fraud, embezzlement, misrepresentation, or other unlawful act committed by
Executive that benefits Executive at the expense of the Company; (iv) the Executive s violation of a federal or state law or
regulation applicable to the Company s business; (v) the Executive s violation of, or a plea of nolo contendere or
guilty to, a felony under the laws of the United States or any state; or (vi) the Executive s material breach of the terms of
this Agreement or the Confidential Information Agreement, which breach, if curable within the reasonable discretion of the Company,
is not cured to the reasonable satisfaction of the Company within thirty (30) days after Executive s receipt of written notice
from the Company of such breach. 

b. Change
in Control . For purposes of this Agreement, Change in Control shall have the meaning attributed to such term
in the Option Plan, but shall not include the merger transaction pursuant to that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization,
dated September 23, 2019, by and among the Company, Protara Therapeutics, Inc. Private ArTara and REM 1 Acquisition, Inc., a wholly owned
subsidiary of Protara Therapeutics, Inc. 

c. Disability .
For purposes of this Agreement, Disability means that Executive, at the time notice is given, has been unable
to substantially perform Executive s duties under this Agreement for not less than one-hundred and twenty (120) work days
within a twelve (12) consecutive month period as a result of Executive s incapacity due to a physical or mental condition and,
if reasonable accommodation is required by law, after any reasonable accommodation. 

4 

d. Good
Reason . For purposes of this Agreement Good Reason means Executive s written notice of Executive s
intent to resign for Good Reason with a reasonable description of the grounds therefor within ten (10) days after the occurrence of one
or more of the following without Executive s consent, and subsequent resignation within thirty (30) days following the expiration
of any Company cure period (discussed below): (i) a material diminution of Executive s duties, position or responsibilities; (ii)
a change in Executive s reporting structure wherein Executive is no longer reporting to the Chief Executive Officer; (iii) a material
diminution in Executive s Base Salary (other than a reduction of not more than 10 that is applicable to similarly situated executives
of the Company); (iv) a Change in Control; (v) any other action or inaction that is a material breach of this Agreement by the Company;
or (vi) a material change in the geographic location of Executive s primary work facility or location; provided, that a relocation
of less than fifty (50) miles from Executive s then present location will not be considered a material change in geographic location.
Executive will not resign for Good Reason without first providing the Company with written notice of the acts or omissions constituting
the grounds for Good Reason within thirty (30) days of the initial existence of the grounds for Good Reason and a reasonable cure period
of not less than thirty (30) days following the date of such notice if such act or omission is capable of cure. 

10. Acceleration
of Options and Severance Pay in Change in Control . If within twelve (12) months following a Change in Control (as defined above) the
Company or the successor corporation terminates Executive s employment with the Company or successor corporation for other than
Cause, death or Disability, then Executive shall be entitled to acceleration of one hundred percent (100 of Executive s then-unvested
and outstanding equity awards and, in lieu of the payment referred to in Section 8(a)(i)(B), a lump severance pay equal to twelve (12)
months of Executive s Base Salary. 

11.
 Company Matters. 

(a) Proprietary
Information and Inventions . In connection with Executive s employment with the Company, Executive will receive and have
access to Company confidential information and trade secrets. Accordingly, enclosed with this agreement is an Employee Confidential
Information and Inventions Assignment Agreement (the Confidential Information Agreement which contains
restrictive covenants and prohibits unauthorized use or disclosure of the Company s confidential information and trade
secrets, among other obligations. Executive agrees to review the Confidential Information Agreement and only sign it after careful
consideration. 

(b)
 Resignation on Termination . On termination of Executive s employment, regardless of the reason for such termination,
Executive shall immediately (and with contemporaneous effect) resign any directorships, offices or other positions that Executive may
hold in the Company or any affiliate, unless otherwise agreed in writing by the Parties. 

12. Arbitration .
To ensure the timely and economical resolution of disputes that may arise in connection with Executive s employment with the Company,
Executive and the Company agree that any and all disputes, claims, or causes of action arising from or relating to the enforcement, breach,
performance, negotiation, execution, or interpretation of this Agreement, Confidential Information Agreement, or Executive s employment,
or the termination of Executive s employment, including but not limited to all statutory claims, will be resolved pursuant to the
Federal Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C. 1-16, and to the fullest extent permitted by law, by final, binding and confidential arbitration
by a single arbitrator conducted in New York, New York by Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Services Inc. JAMS under the then applicable JAMS rules (at the following web address: https://www.jamsadr.com/rules- employment - arbitration/); provided,
however, this arbitration provision shall not apply to sexual harassment claims. A hard copy of the rules will be provided to Executive
upon request. By agreeing to this arbitration procedure, both Executive and the Company waive the right to resolve any such dispute
through a trial by jury or judge or administrative proceeding . In addition, all claims, disputes, or causes of action under this Section,
whether by Executive or the Company, must be brought in an individual capacity, and shall not be brought as a plaintiff (or claimant)
or class member in any purported class or representative proceeding, nor joined or consolidated with the claims of any other person
or entity. The Arbitrator may not consolidate the claims of more than one person or entity and may not preside over any form of representative
or class proceeding. To the extent that the preceding sentences regarding class claims or proceedings are found to violate applicable
law or are otherwise found unenforceable, any claim(s) alleged or brought on behalf of a class shall proceed in a court of law rather
than by arbitration. The Company acknowledges that Executive will have the right to be represented by legal counsel at any arbitration
proceeding. Questions of whether a claim is subject to arbitration under this Agreement shall be decided by the arbitrator. Likewise,
procedural questions which grow out of the dispute and bear on the final disposition are also matters for the arbitrator. The arbitrator
shall: (a) have the authority to compel adequate discovery for the resolution of the dispute and to award such relief as would otherwise
be permitted by law; (b) issue a written arbitration decision, to include the arbitrator s essential findings and conclusions and
a statement of the award; and (c) be authorized to award any or all remedies that Executive or the Company would be entitled to seek in
a court of law. Executive and the Company shall equally share all JAMS arbitration fees. The successful party (as described in
the Confidential Information Agreement, shall be entitled to reimbursement of legal fees and expenses. Nothing in this Agreement is intended
to prevent either Executive or the Company from obtaining injunctive relief in court to prevent irreparable harm pending the conclusion
of any such arbitration. Any awards or orders in such arbitrations may be entered and enforced as judgments in the federal and state courts
of any competent jurisdiction. To the extent applicable law prohibits mandatory arbitration of sexual harassment claims, in the event
Executive intend to bring multiple claims, including a sexual harassment claim, the sexual harassment may be publicly filed with a court,
while any other claims will remain subject to mandatory arbitration. 

5 

13. Assignment .
This Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of (a) the heirs, executors and legal representatives of Executive upon
Executive s death and (b) any successor of the Company. Any such successor of the Company will be deemed substituted for the
Company under the terms of this Agreement for all purposes. For this purpose, successor means any person,
firm, corporation or other business entity which at any time, whether by purchase, merger or otherwise, directly or indirectly
acquires all or substantially all of the assets or business of the Company. None of the rights of Executive to receive any form of
compensation payable pursuant to this Agreement may be assigned or transferred except by will or the laws of descent and
distribution. Any other attempted assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of Executive s right to compensation
or other benefits will be null and void. 

14. Notices .
All notices, requests, demands and other communications called for under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be delivered personally
by hand or by courier, mailed by United States first-class mail, postage prepaid, and directed to the Party to be notified at the address
indicated for such Party on the signature page to this Agreement (and, in the case of the Chief Executive Officer, with a copy to the
General Counsel of the Company, which shall not constitute notice), or at such other address as such Party may designate by ten (10) days 
advance written notice to the other Parties hereto. All such notices and other communications shall be deemed given upon personal delivery,
three (3) days after the date of mailing. 

15. Severability .
In the event that any provision hereof becomes or is declared by a court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, unenforceable or void,
this Agreement will continue in full force and effect without said provision. 

16. Integration .
This Agreement, together with the Option Plan, Option Agreement, and the Confidential Information Agreement represents the entire agreement
and understanding between the parties as to the subject matter herein and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous agreements whether written
or oral. No waiver, alteration, or modification of any of the provisions of this Agreement will be binding unless in writing and signed
by duly authorized representatives of the parties hereto. 

17. Tax
Withholding . All payments made pursuant to this Agreement will be subject to withholding of applicable taxes. 

18. Waiver .
No Party shall be deemed to have waived any right, power or privilege under this Agreement or any provisions hereof unless such waiver
shall have been duly executed in writing and acknowledged by the Party to be charged with such waiver. The failure of any Party at any
time to insist on performance of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall in no way be construed to be a waiver of such provisions,
nor in any way to affect the validity of this Agreement or any part hereof. No waiver of any breach of this Agreement shall be held to
be a waiver of any other subsequent breach 

19. Governing
Law . This Agreement will be governed by the laws of the State of New York (with the exception of its conflict of laws provisions). 

20. Acknowledgment .
Executive acknowledges that Executive has had the opportunity to discuss this matter with and obtain advice from Executive s legal
counsel, has had sufficient time to, and has carefully read and fully understands all the provisions of this Agreement and is knowingly
and voluntarily entering into this Agreement. 

21. Counterparts .
This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, and all such counterparts shall
constitute but one instrument. 

22. Effect
of Headings . The section and subsection headings contained herein are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction hereof. 

23. Construction
of Agreement . This Agreement has been negotiated by the respective Parties, and the language shall not be construed for or against
either Party. 

6 

24. Parachute
Payments . If any payment or benefit Executive would receive from the Company or otherwise in connection with a Change in Control or
other similar transaction (a 280G Payment would (i) constitute a parachute payment within the meaning of Section
280G of the Code, and (ii) but for this sentence, be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code (the Excise
Tax ), then any such 280G Payment (a Payment shall be equal to the Reduced Amount. The Reduced Amount 
shall be either (x) the largest portion of the Payment that would result in no portion of the Payment (after reduction) being subject
to the Excise Tax or (y) the largest portion, up to and including the total, of the Payment, whichever amount (i.e., the amount determined
by clause (x) or by clause (y)), after taking into account all applicable federal, state and local employment taxes, income taxes, and
the Excise Tax (all computed at the highest applicable marginal rate), results in Executive s receipt, on an after-tax basis, of
the greater economic benefit notwithstanding that all or some portion of the Payment may be subject to the Excise Tax. If a reduction
in a Payment is required pursuant to the preceding sentence and the Reduced Amount is determined pursuant to clause (x) of the preceding
sentence, the reduction shall occur in the manner (the Reduction Method that results in the greatest economic benefit for
Executive. If more than one method of reduction will result in the same economic benefit, the items so reduced will be reduced pro rata
(the Pro Rata Reduction Method ). Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Reduction Method or the Pro Rata Reduction Method
would result in any portion of the Payment being subject to taxes pursuant to Section 409A of the Code that would not otherwise be subject
to taxes pursuant to Section 409A of the Code, then the Reduction Method and/or the Pro Rata Reduction Method, as the case may be, shall
be modified so as to avoid the imposition of taxes pursuant to Section 409A of the Code as follows: (A) as a first priority, the modification
shall preserve to the greatest extent possible, the greatest economic benefit for Executive as determined on an after-tax basis; (B) as
a second priority, Payments that are contingent on future events (e.g., being terminated without cause), shall be reduced (or eliminated)
before Payments that are not contingent on future events; and (C) as a third priority, Payments that are deferred compensation 
within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code shall be reduced (or eliminated) before Payments that are not deferred compensation within
the meaning of Section 409A of the Code. 

(a)
Unless Executive and the Company agree on an alternative accounting firm, the accounting firm engaged by the Company for general tax
compliance purposes as of the day prior to the effective date of the Change in Control transaction triggering the Payment shall
perform the foregoing calculations. If the accounting firm so engaged by the Company is serving as accountant or auditor for the
individual, entity or group effecting the Change in Control transaction, the Company shall appoint a nationally recognized
accounting firm to make the determinations required hereunder. The Company shall bear all expenses with respect to the
determinations by such accounting firm required to be made hereunder. The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause
the accounting firm engaged to make the determinations hereunder to provide its calculations, together with detailed supporting
documentation, to Executive and the Company within 15 calendar days after the date on which Executive s right to a 280G
Payment becomes reasonably likely to occur (if requested at that time by Executive or the Company) or such other time as requested
by Executive or the Company. 

(b)
If Executive receive a Payment for which the Reduced Amount was determined pursuant to clause (x) of the first paragraph of this
Section and the Internal Revenue Service determines thereafter that some portion of the Payment is subject to the Excise Tax,
Executive shall promptly return to the Company a sufficient amount of the Payment (after reduction pursuant to clause (x) of the
first paragraph of this Section so that no portion of the remaining Payment is subject to the Excise Tax. For the avoidance of
doubt, if the Reduced Amount was determined pursuant to clause (y) in the first paragraph of this Section, Executive shall have no
obligation to return any portion of the Payment pursuant to the preceding sentence. 

7 

25.
 Section 409A . 

(a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, no severance pay or benefits
to be paid or provided to Executive, if any, pursuant to this Agreement, when considered together with any other severance payments or
separation benefits that are considered deferred compensation under Section 409A (together, the Deferred Compensation Separation
Benefits will be paid or otherwise provided until Executive has a separation from service within the meaning
of Section 409A. 

(b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, if Executive isa specified employee 
within the meaning of Section 409A at the time of Executive s termination(other than due to death), then the Deferred Compensation
Separation Benefits that are payable within the first six (6) months following Executive s separation from service, will become
payable on the first payroll date that occurs on or after the date six (6) months and one (1) day following the date of Executive s
separation from service. All subsequent Deferred Compensation Separation Benefits, if any, will be payable in accordance with the payment
schedule applicable to each payment or benefit. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if Executive dies following Executive s
separation from service, but prior to the six (6) month anniversary of the separation from service, then any payments delayed in accordance
with this paragraph will be payable in a lump sum as soon as administratively practicable after the date of Executive s death and
all other Deferred Compensation Separation Benefits will be payable in accordance with the payment schedule applicable to each payment
or benefit. Each payment and benefit payable under this Agreement is intended to constitute separate payments for purposes of Section
l.409A- 2(b)(2) of the Treasury Regulations. 

(c) Any amount paid under this Agreement that satisfies the requirements of the short-term deferral 
rule set forth in Section l.409A-l(b)(4) of the Treasury Regulations will not constitute Deferred Compensation Separation Benefits for
purposes of clause (a) above. 

(d) Any amount paid under this Agreement that qualifies as a payment made as a result of an involuntary separation
from service pursuant to Section 1.409A- l (b)(9)(iii) of the Treasury Regulations that does not exceed the Section 409A Limit will not
constitute Deferred Compensation Separation Benefits for purposes of clause (a) above. For purposes of this Agreement, Section
409A Limit will mean the lesser of two (2) times: (i) Executive s annualized compensation based upon the annual rate
of pay paid to Executive during the Executive s taxable year preceding Executive s taxable year of Executive s termination
of employment as determined under Treasury Regulation Section l .409A-l(b)(9)(iii)(A)(l) and any Internal Revenue Service guidance issued
with respect thereto; or (ii) the maximum amount that may be taken into account under a qualified plan pursuant to Section 40l(a)(17)
of the Code for the year in which Executive s employment is terminated. 

(e) The foregoing provisions are intended to comply with or be exempt from the requirements of Section 409A
so that none of the severance payments and benefits to be provided hereunder will be subject to the additional tax imposed under Section
409A, and any ambiguities herein will be interpreted to so comply. The Company and Executive agree to work together in good faith to consider
amendments to this Agreement and to take such reasonable actions which are necessary, appropriate or desirable to avoid imposition of
any additional tax or income recognition prior to actual payment to Executive under Section 409A. 

[ Remainder of page is intentionally
blank; Signature page follows ] 

8 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the Parties
has executed this Agreement as of the day and year first above written. 

COMPANY 

Protara Therapeutics, Inc. 

By: 
 /s/ Jesse Shefferman 

Name: 
 Jesse Shefferman 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

Date: 
 January 5, 2023 

Address : 

345 Park Ave. South, 3 rd Floor 
New York, New York, 10010 

EXECUTIVE 

/s/ Patrick Fabbio 

Patrick Fabbio 

Date: 
 January 6, 2023 

9 

</EX-10.17>

<EX-21.1>
 4
 f10k2022ex21-1_protarathera.htm
 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES

Exhibit 21.1 

List of Subsidiaries 

Name of Subsidiary 
 
 Jurisdiction 

Proteon Securities Corp. 
 
 Massachusetts 

Proteon International Holdings, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 

Proteon Bermuda Limited 
 
 Bermuda 

Proteon Ireland Limited 
 
 Ireland 

ArTara Subsidiary, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 

All subsidiaries are 100 owned. 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 5
 f10k2022ex23-1_protarathera.htm
 CONSENT OF ERNST & YOUNG LLP, INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

Exhibit 23.1 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration
Statements: 

(1) Registration Statement (Forms S-8 Nos. 333-263392, 333-254124, 333-237497, 333-235918, 333-229123, 333-222415 and 333-200587, pertaining
to the Amended and Restated 2014 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended and 2014 Employee Stock Purchase Plan of Protara Therapeutics, Inc.,
and 

(2) Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-251224) of Protara Therapeutics, Inc.; 

of our report dated March 8, 2023, with respect to the consolidated
financial statements of Protara Therapeutics, Inc. included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Protara Therapeutics, Inc. for the year
ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/ Ernst Young LLP 

New York, New York 

 March 8, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 f10k2022ex31-1_protarathera.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

Certification of the Principal Executive Officer 

 Pursuant to 

 240.13a 14 or 240.15d 14
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 

I, Jesse Shefferman, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10 K of Protara Therapeutics, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact
or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were
made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included
in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing
and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e)) and internal
control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and
procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control
over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures
and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the
period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the
case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most
recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal
control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have
a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 8, 2023 

/s/ Jesse Shefferman 

Jesse Shefferman 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 f10k2022ex31-2_protarathera.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

Certification of the Principal Financial Officer 

 Pursuant to 

 240.13a 14 or 240.15d 14
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 

I, Patrick Fabbio, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10 K of Protara Therapeutics, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact
or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were
made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included
in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing
and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e)) and internal
control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and
procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control
over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures
and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the
period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the
case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most
recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal
control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have
a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 8, 2023 

/s/ Patrick Fabbio 

Patrick Fabbio 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 f10k2022ex32-1_protarathera.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 

 (as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley
Act of 2002) 

Pursuant to the requirement set forth in Rule
13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title
18 of the United States Code (18 U.S.C. 1350), Jesse Shefferman, Chief Executive Officer of Protara Therapeutics, Inc. (the Company and Patrick Fabbio, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, each hereby certifies that, to the best of his knowledge: 

1. 
 The Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022, to which this Certification is attached as Exhibit 32.1 (the Annual Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act, and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Annual Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

In Witness
Whereof , the undersigned have set their hands hereto as of the 8 th day of March, 2023. 

Date: March 8, 2023 

/s/ Jesse Shefferman 

Jesse Shefferman 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: March 8, 2023 

/s/ Patrick Fabbio 

Patrick Fabbio 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

This certification accompanies the Form
10-K to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into
any filing of Protara Therapeutics, Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
(whether made before or after the date of the Form 10-K), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 14
 tara-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 15
 tara-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 16
 tara-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 17
 tara-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 18
 tara-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

