<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230313_10-K_edgar_data_764195_0001493152-23-007351.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>12044093</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>626296</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1933336</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4459994</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2162251</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2499601</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-007351.hdr.sgml : 20230313
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230313080110
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-007351
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		116
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230313
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230313

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			VBI Vaccines Inc/BC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000764195
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			A1
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37769
		FILM NUMBER:		23725769

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		160 SECOND STREET
		STREET 2:		CAMBRIDGE
		CITY:			CAMBRIDGE
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02142
		BUSINESS PHONE:		617-830-3031

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		160 SECOND STREET
		STREET 2:		CAMBRIDGE
		CITY:			CAMBRIDGE
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02142

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SciVac Therapeutics Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20150717

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	LEVON RESOURCES LTD.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100910

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	LEVON RESOURCES LTD
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19850305

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-007351.txt : 20230313

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL
 REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

OR 

TRANSITION
 REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from ______________ to ______________ 

Commission
File Number 

VBI
VACCINES INC. 

 (Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

N/A 
 
 (State
 or other jurisdiction 
 of
 incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 No.) 

, 

 ,

(Address
of principal executive offices) 

 (Zip
Code) 

(Registrant s
telephone number, including area code) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of 
 each
 class 
 
 Trading 
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on 
 which
 each is registered 

The
 Stock Market LLC 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

None 

 (Title
of class) 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

 Yes

Indicate
by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 

 Yes

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). 

No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

As
of June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference
to the last sale price of the common equity was . 

As
of March 9, 2023, the registrant had common shares issued and outstanding, with no par value per share. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

VBI
VACCINES INC. 

 FORM
10-K FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

SPECIAL
 NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS AND OTHER INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS REPORT 
 ii 
 
 PART
 I. 

ITEM
 1: BUSINESS 
 1 
 
 ITEM
 1A: RISK FACTORS 
 27 
 
 ITEM
 1B: UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 67 
 
 ITEM
 2: PROPERTIES 
 68 
 
 ITEM
 3: LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 69 
 
 ITEM
 4: MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 69 
 
 PART
 II. 

ITEM
 5: MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS, AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 70 
 
 ITEM
 6: [RESERVED] 
 70 
 
 ITEM
 7: MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 70 
 
 ITEM
 7A: QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 91 
 
 ITEM
 8: FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 91 
 
 ITEM
 9: CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 91 
 
 ITEM
 9A: CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 92 
 
 ITEM
 9B: OTHER INFORMATION 
 93 
 
 ITEM
 9C: Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 93 
 
 PART
 III. 

ITEM
 10: DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 94 
 
 ITEM
 11: EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 94 
 
 ITEM
 12: SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 94 
 
 ITEM
 13: CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 94 
 
 ITEM
 14: PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 94 
 
 PART
 IV. 

ITEM
 15: EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 95 
 
 ITEM
 16: FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 95 
 
 SIGNATURES 
 100 

VBI
Vaccines, Sci-B-Vac, PreHevbrio, PreHevbri, our logo, and other trademarks or service marks appearing in this report are the property
of VBI Vaccines Inc. or its subsidiaries. Trade names, trademarks, and service marks of other companies appearing in this report are
the property of their respective owners. Solely for convenience, the trademarks, service marks, and trade names included in this report
are without the , , or other applicable symbols, but such references are not intended to indicate, in any way, that we will
not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, our rights, or the rights of the applicable licensors to these trademarks, service
marks, and trade names. 

i 

SPECIAL
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS AND OTHER INFORMATION 

 CONTAINED
IN THIS REPORT 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and the provisions of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ),
and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Forward-looking statements give
our current expectations or forecasts of future events. You can identify these statements by the fact that they do not relate strictly
to historical or current facts. You can find many (but not all) of these statements by looking for words such as approximates, 
 believes, hopes, expects, anticipates, estimates, projects, 
 intends, plans, would, should, could, will , may, 
or other similar expressions in this Form 10-K. In particular, these include statements relating to future actions; prospective products,
applications, customers, and technologies; future performance or results of anticipated products; anticipated expenses; and projected
financial results. These forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to
differ materially from our historical experience and our present expectations or projections. Factors that could cause actual results
to differ from those discussed in the forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to: 

the
 timing of, and our ability to, obtain and maintain regulatory approvals for our clinical trials, products, and pipeline candidates; 

our
 ability to achieve and sustain commercial success of PreHevbrio in the United States U.S. and Canada and PreHevbri
 in Europe; 

the
 timing and results of our ongoing and planned clinical trials for products and pipeline candidates; 

the
 amount of funds we require for our prophylactic and therapeutic pipeline candidates; 

the
 potential benefits of strategic partnership agreements and our ability to enter into strategic partnership arrangements; 

our
 ability to manufacture, or to have manufactured, our 3-antigen hepatitis B vaccine and our pipeline candidates, at a commercially
 viable scale to the standards and requirements of regulatory agencies; 

the
 impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and the continuing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on our clinical studies, research programs, manufacturing,
 business plan, regulatory review including site inspections, and the global economy; 

our
 ability to effectively execute and deliver our plans related to commercialization, marketing, manufacturing capabilities and strategy; 

our
 ability to retain and maintain a good relationship with our current employees, and our ability to competitively attract new employees
 with relevant experience and expertise; 

the
 suitability and adequacy of our office, manufacturing, and research facilities and our ability to secure term extensions or expansions
 of leased space; 

the
 ability of our vendors and suppliers to manufacture and deliver materials in a timely manner that meet regulatory agency and our
 standards and requirements to meet planned timelines and milestones; 

any
 disruption in the operations of our Rehovot, Israel manufacturing facility where we manufacture all of our clinical and commercial
 supplies of our 3-antigen hepatitis B vaccine and clinical supplies of our hepatitis B immunotherapeutic, VBI-2601; 

our
 compliance with all laws, rules, and regulations applicable to our business and products; 

our
 ability to continue as a going concern; 

our
 history of losses; 

ii 

our
 ability to generate revenues and achieve profitability; 

emerging
 competition and rapidly advancing technology in our industry that may outpace our technology; 

customer
 demand for our 3-antigen hepatitis B vaccine and pipeline candidates; 

the
 impact of competitive or alternative products, technologies, and pricing; 

general
 economic conditions and events and the impact they may have on us and our potential customers; 

our
 ability to obtain adequate financing in the future on reasonable terms, as and when we need it; 

our
 ability to implement network systems and controls that are effective at preventing cyber-attacks, malware intrusions, malicious viruses,
 and ransomware threats; 

our
 ability to secure and maintain protection over our intellectual property; 

our
 ability to maintain our existing licenses with licensors of intellectual property, or obtain new licenses for intellectual property; 

changes
 to legal and regulatory processes for biosimilar approval and marketing that could reduce the duration of market exclusivity for
 our products; 

our
 ability to regain and maintain compliance with The Nasdaq Capital Market s Nasdaq listing standards;
 and 

our
 success at managing the risks involved in the foregoing items. 

other
 factors discussed in this Form 10-K. 

Forward-looking
statements are neither historical facts nor assurances of future performance. Instead, they are based only on our current beliefs, expectations,
and assumptions regarding the future of our business, future plans and strategies, projections, anticipated events and trends, the economy,
and other future conditions. Because forward-looking statements relate to the future, they are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks,
and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict and many of which are outside of our control. We may not actually achieve
the plans, intentions, or expectations disclosed in our forward-looking statements, and actual results or events could differ materially
from the plans, intentions, and expectations disclosed in the forward-looking statements we make. Therefore, you should not rely on any
of these forward-looking statements. We have included important factors in the cautionary statements included in this Form 10-K, particularly
in the Risk Factors section, that we believe could cause actual results or events to differ materially from the forward-looking
statements that we make. Our forward-looking statements do not reflect the potential impact of any future acquisitions, mergers, dispositions,
joint ventures, or investments we may make or collaborations or strategic partnerships we may enter into. 

You
should read this Form 10-K and the documents that we have filed as exhibits to this Form 10-K completely and with the understanding that
our actual future results may be materially different from what we expect. Any forward-looking statement made by us in this Form 10-K
is based only on information currently available to us and speaks only as of the date on which it is made. We do not assume any obligation
to update any forward-looking statements, whether written or oral, that may be made from time to time, whether as a result of new information,
future events, or otherwise, except as required by law. 

Unless
otherwise stated or the context otherwise requires, the terms VBI, we, us, our, 
and the Company refer to VBI Vaccines Inc. and its subsidiaries. 

Unless
indicated otherwise, all references to the United States Dollar, Dollar, or are to the United States Dollar, the legal currency of
the United States of America and all references to mean Euros, the legal currency of the European Union. We may also refer to
NIS, which is the New Israeli Shekel, the legal currency of Israel, and the Canadian Dollar or CAD, which is the legal currency of Canada. 

Except
for share and per share amounts or as otherwise specified, amounts presented are stated in thousands. 

iii 

PART
I 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

Overview 

We
are a commercial stage biopharmaceutical company driven by immunology in the pursuit of prevention and treatment of disease. Through
our innovative approach to virus-like particles VLPs ), including a proprietary enveloped VLP eVLP platform
technology, we develop vaccine candidates that mimic the natural presentation of viruses, designed to elicit the innate power of the
human immune system. We are committed to targeting and overcoming significant infectious diseases, including hepatitis B HBV ),
COVID-19 and coronaviruses, and cytomegalovirus CMV ), as well as aggressive cancers including glioblastoma GBM ).
We are headquartered in Cambridge, Massachusetts, with research operations in Ottawa, Canada, and a research and manufacturing site in
Rehovot, Israel. 

Product
Pipeline 

Our
pipeline is comprised of vaccine and immunotherapeutic programs developed by virus-like particle technologies to target two distinct,
but often related, disease areas - infectious disease and oncology. We prioritize the development of programs for disease targets that
are challenging, underserved, and where the human immune system, when powered and stimulated appropriately, can be a formidable opponent. 

VLP
vaccines are a type of sub-unit vaccine, in which only the portions of viruses critical for eliciting an immune response are presented
to the body. Because of their structural similarity to viruses presented in nature, including their particulate nature and repetitive
structure, VLPs can stimulate potent immune responses. VLPs can be customized to present any protein antigen, including multiple antibody
and T cell targets, making them, we believe, ideal technologies for the development of both prophylactic and therapeutic vaccines. However,
only a few antigenic proteins self-assemble into VLPs, which limit the number of potential targets. Notably, HBV antigens are among those
that are able to spontaneously form orderly VLP structures. Our eVLP platform technology expands the list of potentially viable target
indications for VLPs by providing a stable core (Gag Protein) and lipid bilayer (the envelope ). It is a flexible platform
that enables the synthetic manufacture of an enveloped VLP, or eVLP , which looks structurally and morphologically
similar to the virus, with no infectious material. 

Our
product pipeline includes an approved vaccine and multiple late- and early-stage investigational programs. The investigational
programs are in various stages of clinical development and the scientific information included about these therapeutics is
preliminary and investigative. The investigational programs have not been approved by the United States Food and Drug Administration FDA ), European Medicines Agency EMA ), United Kingdom Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory
Agency MHRA ), Health Canada, or any other health authority and no conclusion can or should be drawn regarding the
safety or efficacy of these investigational programs. 

In
addition to our existing pipeline programs, we may also seek to in-license clinical-stage vaccines or vaccine-related technologies that
we believe complement our pipeline, as well as technologies that may supplement our efforts in both immuno-oncology and infectious disease. 

Key
Targeted Disease Areas 

Hepatitis
B Virus HBV 

HBV
infection can cause liver inflammation, fibrosis, and liver injury, resulting in potentially life-threatening conditions through acute
illness and chronic disease, including liver failure, cirrhosis, and cancer. HBV remains a significant public health burden with as many
as 2.2 million chronically infected people in the U.S. alone. Worldwide, this number is estimated to be
as high as 350 million, with approximately 800,000 deaths resulting from the consequences of HBV infection each year. 

Despite
the highly infectious nature of HBV, due to its often-asymptomatic nature, it is estimated that as many as 67 of chronically infected
adults in the U.S. are unaware of their infection status. There is no cure available for HBV infection and while public health initiatives
highlight immunization as the most effective strategy for the prevention of HBV infections, the U.S. adult HBV vaccination rates remain
persistently low at only about 30 of all adults aged 19 years and older. 

1 

In
April 2022, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention CDC Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices ACIP implemented a change to the adult HBV vaccine recommendations. As incorporated in the CDC s 2022 Adult Immunization Schedule and
as published in the April 1, 2022, CDC Morbidity and Mortality Weekly Report, adults aged 19 to 59 years are now universally recommended
to be vaccinated against HBV infection. Additionally, while adults aged 60 years and older with risk factors for HBV infection are still
recommended to receive HBV vaccinations, adults aged 60 years and older without known risk factors for HBV may now also receive HBV vaccinations. 

In
addition to our approved vaccine, PreHevbrio [Hepatitis B Vaccine (Recombinant)], there are four other vaccines approved in the U.S.
for the prevention of HBV infection in adults: Engerix-B and Twinrix , manufactured by GlaxoSmithKline
Biologicals S.A. GSK ), Recombivax HB , manufactured by Merck . Co. Merck ), and Heplisav-B ,
manufactured by Dynavax Technologies Corporation Dynavax ). 

COVID-19
and Other Coronaviruses 

Coronaviruses
are a large family of enveloped viruses that cause respiratory illness of varying severities. Only seven coronaviruses are known to cause
disease in humans, four of which most frequently cause symptoms typically associated with the common cold. Three of the seven coronaviruses,
however, have more serious outcomes in people. These more pathogenic coronaviruses are (1) SARS-CoV-2, a novel coronavirus identified
as the cause of COVID-19; (2) MERS-CoV, identified in 2012 as the cause of Middle East Respiratory Syndrome MERS and
(3) SARS-CoV, identified in 2002 as the cause of Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome SARS ). 

The
virus that causes COVID-19 continues to evolve and several SARS-CoV-2 variants have emerged and certain of these variants have been identified
as having a significant public health impact. To date, notable Variants of Concern VOC have included: 

Alpha
 (B.1.1.7) First identified as in the United Kingdom UK ), VOC in December 2020 

Beta
 (B.1.351) First identified in South Africa, VOC in December 2020 

Gamma
 (P.1) First identified in Brazil, VOC in January 2021 

Delta
 (B.1.617.2) First identified in India, VOC in May 2021 

Omicron
 and subvariants First identified in South Africa, VOC in November 2021 

Glioblastoma GBM 

GBM
is among the most common and aggressive malignant primary brain tumors in humans. In the U.S. alone, about 12,000 new GBM cases are diagnosed
each year. The current standard of care for GBM is surgical resection, followed by radiation and chemotherapy. Even with intensive treatment,
GBM progresses rapidly and has a high mortality rate, with median overall survival for primary GBM of about 14 months. Median overall
survival for recurrent GBM is even lower, at about 8 months. 

Cytomegalovirus CMV 

CMV
is a common virus that is a member of the herpes family. It infects one in every two people in many developed countries. Most CMV infections
are silent , meaning the majority of people who are infected exhibit no signs or symptoms. Despite its typically asymptomatic
nature in older children and adults, CMV may cause severe infections in newborn children (congenital CMV) and may also cause serious
infections in people with weakened immune systems, such as solid organ or bone marrow transplant recipients. Congenital CMV infection
can be treated but not cured and there are currently no approved vaccines available for the prevention of infection in
either the congenital or the transplant setting. 

2 

Zika 

Zika
is a mosquito-borne virus that is spread primarily through the bite of an infected Aedes species mosquito, but can also be transmitted
sexually, during pregnancy, or during childbirth. Acute infections are typically mild, but Zika has been associated with a number of
neurological complications in newborns. The first formal description of Zika virus was published in 1952, but it was not until 2007 that
the first Zika outbreak in humans was recorded. Over the past decade, Zika has begun to spread globally, and between January 2014 and
February 2016, 33 countries reported circulation of the Zika virus, including in North America. There is currently no vaccine to prevent
Zika infection. 

Pipeline
Programs 

The
table below is an overview of our commercial vaccine and our investigational programs as of February 28, 2023: 

Indication 
 
 Program 
 
 Technology 
 
 Current
 Status 
 
 Approved
 Vaccine 
 
 Hepatitis B 
 
 PreHevbrio 1,2,3 
 Hepatitis
 B Vaccine 
 
 VLP 
 
 Registration/Commercial 

(Recombinant) 

Prophylactic
 Candidates 

Coronaviruses (Multivalent) 
 
 VBI-2901 
 
 eVLP 
 
 Ongoing
 Phase I 

COVID-19 (Beta variant) 
 
 VBI-2905 
 
 eVLP 
 
 Phase
 Ib 

COVID-19 (Ancestral) 
 
 VBI-2902 
 
 eVLP 
 
 Phase
 Ia 
 
 Cytomegalovirus 
 
 VBI-1501 
 
 eVLP 
 
 Phase I Completed 

Coronaviruses (Multivalent) 
 
 Undisclosed 
 
 eVLP 
 
 Pre-Clinical 

Zika 
 
 VBI-2501 
 
 eVLP 
 
 Pre-Clinical 

Therapeutic
 Candidates 

Hepatitis B 
 
 VBI-2601 
 
 VLP 
 
 Ongoing
 Phase II 

Glioblastoma 
 
 VBI-1901 
 
 eVLP 
 
 Phase
 I/IIa 

Other CMV-Associated Cancers 
 
 Undisclosed 
 
 eVLP 
 
 Preclinical 
 
 1 Approved for use in the U.S. and Canada,
under the brand name PreHevbrio, for the prevention of infection caused by all known subtypes of HBV in adults 18 years of age and older. 

 2
 Approved for use in the European Union EU / European Economic Area EEA and the UK, under the brand
name PreHevbri, for active immunization against infection caused by all known subtypes of the HBV in adults. It can be expected that
hepatitis D will also be prevented by immunization with PreHevbri as hepatitis D (caused by the delta agent) does not occur in the absence
of HBV infection. 

 3 Approved
for use in Israel, under the brand name Sci-B-Vac, for active immunization against hepatitis B virus (HBV infection). 

A
summary of our marketed product, lead pipeline programs, and recent developments follows. 

3 

Marketed
Product 

PreHevbrio
[Hepatitis B Vaccine (Recombinant)] 

PreHevbrio
[Hepatitis B Vaccine (Recombinant)] was approved by the FDA on November 30, 2021, for the prevention of infection caused by all known
subtypes of HBV in adults aged 18 years and older. PreHevbrio contains the S, pre-S2, and pre-S1 HBV surface antigens, and is the only
approved 3-antigen HBV vaccine for adults in the U.S. On February 23, 2022, following discussion at the CDC s ACIP meeting, PreHevbrio
joined the list of recommended products for prophylactic adult vaccination against HBV infection. The inclusion of PreHevbrio in the
ACIP recommendation was reflected in a CDC publication on April 1, 2022 and was a notable milestone as many insurance plans and institutions
require an ACIP recommendation before a vaccine can be reimbursed or is made available to patients. Additionally, PreHevbrio was included
in the 2023 annual update of the CDC Adult Immunization Schedule, as detailed in the CDC publication on February 10, 2023. VBI launched
PreHevbrio in the U.S. at the end of the first quarter of 2022, and revenue generation began in the second quarter of 2022. 

Commercial
and regulatory activity for VBI s 3-antigen HBV vaccine outside of the U.S. include: 

EU: On
 May 2, 2022, we announced that the European Commission (the EC granted Marketing Authorization for PreHevbri
 [Hepatitis B Vaccine (Recombinant, Adsorbed)]. The European Commission s centralized marketing authorization is valid in all
 EU Member States as well as in the EEA countries (Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway). On September 8, 2022, we announced a
 partnership with Valneva SE Valneva for the marketing and distribution of PreHevbri in select European markets,
 initially including the UK, Sweden, Norway, Denmark, Finland, Belgium, and the Netherlands. As part of this partnership, VBI expects PreHevbri will be available in certain European countries beginning in the
first half of 2023. 

UK: On June 1, 2022, we announced that the MHRA
 granted marketing authorization for PreHevbri [Hepatitis B Vaccine (Recombinant, Adsorbed)]. This follows the EC centralized marketing
 authorization received in May 2022 and was conducted as part of the EC Decision Reliance Procedures ECDRP ). VBI expects
 to make PreHevbri available in the UK in the first half of 2023 as part of the partnership with Valneva. 

Canada:
 On December 8, 2022, we announced that Health Canada approved PreHevbrio [3-antigen Hepatitis B Vaccine (Recombinant)] for the
 prevention of infection caused by all known subtypes of HBV in adults aged 18 years and older. VBI expects to make PreHevbrio available
 in Canada in 2023. 

Israel:
 Approved and commercially available under the brand name Sci-B-Vac . 

Prophylactic
Investigational Candidates 

VBI-2900:
Coronavirus Vaccine Program (VBI-2901, VBI-2902, VBI-2905) 

In
response to the ongoing SARS-CoV-2 (COVID-19) pandemic, VBI initiated development of a prophylactic coronavirus vaccine program. Coronaviruses
are enveloped viruses by nature which make them a prime target for VBI s flexible eVLP platform technology. 

On
August 26, 2020, we announced data from three pre-clinical studies conducted to enable selection of optimized clinical candidates for
our coronavirus vaccine program. As a result of these studies, VBI selected two vaccine candidates with the goal of bringing forward
candidates that add meaningful clinical and medical benefit to those already approved: (1) VBI-2901, a multivalent coronavirus vaccine
candidate expressing the SARS-CoV-2, SARS, and MERS spike proteins; and (2) VBI-2902, a monovalent vaccine candidate expressing an optimized
 prefusion form of the SARS-CoV-2 spike protein. 

In
March 2021, a Phase I study of VBI-2902 was initiated and on June 29, 2021, we announced initial positive data from the Phase Ia portion
of this study that evaluated one- and two-dose regimens of 5 g of VBI-2902 in 61 healthy adults aged 18-54 years. After two doses,
VBI-2902 induced neutralization titers in 100 of participants, with 4.3x higher geometric mean titer GMT than that of
the convalescent serum panel (n=25), and peak antibody binding GMT of 1:4,047. VBI-2902 was also well tolerated with no safety signals
observed. 

4 

In
response to the increased circulation of SARS-CoV-2 variants, the Phase Ib portion of the Phase I study was initiated in September
2021 to assess VBI-2905, our eVLP vaccine candidate directed against the SARS-CoV-2 Beta variant. On April 5, 2022, we announced new
data from the Phase Ib study (n=53). A single-dose booster of VBI-2905 increased the geometric mean titer GMT of neutralizing
antibodies directed against the Beta variant 3.8-fold, at day 28, in participants who had previously received two-doses of an mRNA vaccine
(ancestral strain) approximately 2-fold increases were also seen at day 28 in antibody GMTs against both the ancestral and delta
variant. New preclinical data announced at the same time showed that against a panel of coronavirus variants in mice, reactivity was
seen with VBI-2902 against all variants including the ancestral strain, Delta, Beta, Omicron, Lambda, and RaTG13 (a bat coronavirus that
is distant to circulating human strains). In this same panel, VBI-2901 was able to elicit an even stronger response against all variants
tested as the strains became more divergent from the ancestral strain, VBI-2901 elicited a greater difference in GMT from VBI-2902,
ranging from 2.5-fold higher against the ancestral strain to 9.0-fold higher against the bat coronavirus. Additionally, a validated pseudoparticle
neutralization assay PNA benchmarked against the WHO reference standard demonstrated that VBI-2902 elicited neutralizing
antibody responses of 176 IU50/mL in its Phase Ia study this international standard measure would predict a greater than 90 
efficacy, with two internationally approved vaccines estimated to have 90 efficacy at 83 and 140 IU50/mL (Gilbert, PB, 2021). 

The
clinical and preclinical data for all three candidates continue to support the potential of the eVLP platform against coronaviruses.
On September 29, 2022, we announced that we initiated the first clinical study of VBI s multivalent coronavirus candidate, VBI-2901,
designed to increase breadth of protection against COVID-19 and related coronaviruses. Interim data from this study are expected mid-year
2023. 

The
VBI-2900 program is supported by a partnership with the Coalition for Epidemic Preparedness Innovations CEPI and the partnership,
the CEPI Funding Agreement ), with contributions of up to 33 million; a partnership with the Strategic Innovation Fund SIF ), established by the Government of Canada, with an award of up to CAD 56 million; contribution of up to CAD 1 million
from the Industrial Research Assistance Program IRAP of the National Research Council of Canada NRC 
and a collaboration with the NRC. On December 6, 2022, we and CEPI announced that we expanded the scope of the CEPI Funding Agreement
to advance the development of multivalent coronavirus vaccines that could be deployed against COVID-19 as well as a future Coronavirus
X . 

VBI-1501:
Prophylactic CMV Vaccine Candidate 

Our
prophylactic CMV vaccine candidate uses the eVLP platform to express a modified form of the CMV glycoprotein B gB antigen
and is adjuvanted with alum, an adjuvant used in FDA-approved products. 

Following
the successful completion of the Phase I study in May 2018, and positive discussions with Health Canada, we announced plans for a Phase
II clinical study evaluating VBI-1501 on December 20, 2018. We received similarly positive guidance from the FDA in July 2019. The Phase
II study is expected to assess the safety and immunogenicity of dosages of VBI-1501 up to 20 g with alum. We are currently evaluating
the timing of the Phase II study. 

Therapeutic
Investigational Candidates 

VBI-2601:
HBV Immunotherapeutic Candidate 

VBI-2601
(BRII-179) is our novel, recombinant, protein-based immunotherapeutic candidate in development for the treatment of chronic HBV
infection. VBI-2601 is formulated to induce broad immunity against HBV, including T-cell immunity which plays an important role in
controlling HBV infection. 

On
April 12, 2021, and June 23, 2021, we announced data from the completed Phase Ib/IIa clinical study in patients with chronic HBV infection,
which was conducted by our partner Brii Biosciences Limited Brii Bio ). The study was a randomized, controlled study designed
to assess the safety, tolerability, antiviral and immunologic activity of VBI-2601. The study was a two-part, dose-escalation study assessing
different dose levels of VBI-2601 with and without an immunomodulatory adjuvant, conducted at multiple study sites in New Zealand, Australia,
Thailand, South Korea, Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of China, and China. 

5 

The
data from the Phase Ib/IIa for 33 evaluable patients across all study arms suggested: (1) VBI-2601 was well tolerated at all dose levels
with and without the adjuvant with no significant adverse events identified; (2) VBI-2601 induced both B cell (antibody) and T cell responses
in chronically-infected HBV patients, (3) VBI-2601 induced restimulation of T cell responses to HBV surface antigens, including S, Pre-S1,
and Pre-S2, in greater than 50 of the evaluable patients compared to no detectable response in the control arm; (4) the T cell responses
and antibody responses were comparable across the 20 g and 40 g unadjuvanted study arms; and (5) T cell response rates between
the adjuvanted and unadjuvanted cohorts were also comparable. Based on the acceptable safety profile and vaccine-induced adaptive immune
responses seen in this study, VBI-2601 (BRII-179) advanced to Phase II studies. 

On
April 21, 2021, we announced that the first patient had been dosed in a Phase II clinical study evaluating VBI-2601 in combination
with BRII-835 (VIR-2218), an investigational small interfering ribonucleic acid siRNA targeting HBV, for the
treatment of chronic HBV infection. The multi-center, randomized, open-label study is designed to evaluate the safety and efficacy
of this combination with and without interferon-alpha as a co-adjuvant. The study is being conducted at clinical sites in
Australia, Taiwan, Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of China, South Korea, New Zealand, Singapore, and Thailand. VBI s
partner, Brii Bio, is the study sponsor. A total of 50 adult, non-cirrhotic patients who received NRTI therapy for at least 12
months were randomized and dosed across three cohorts: 

Cohort
 A: BRII-835 Alone Regimen Nine subcutaneous 100mg doses of BRII-835, dosed every four (4) weeks through Week 32 

Cohort
 B: BRII-835 Alone Regimen + nine 40 g intramuscular doses of VBI-2601 admixed with interferon-alpha (IFN- as co-adjuvant
 every four weeks from Week 8 through Week 40 

Cohort
 C: BRII-835 Alone Regimen + nine 40 g intramuscular doses of VBI-2601 without IFN- every four weeks from Week 8 through
 Week 40 

On February 15, 2023, we announced
interim data from the Phase II combination study. The data, which was featured in an oral presentation at the 32 nd Conference
of the Asian Pacific Association for the Study of the Liver APASL on February 18, 2023, demonstrated that the combination
therapy was generally well-tolerated, restored strong anti-HBsAg antibody responses, and led to improved HBsAg-specific T-cell responses,
when compared to BRII-835 alone. Notably: 

Mean
 changes in HBsAg reduction relative to baseline at week 40 were -1.68 log10 IU/mL in Cohort A, -1.75 log10 IU/mL in Cohort B, and
 -1.77 log10 IU/mL in Cohort C 

Potent
 HBV surface antibody levels (> 100 IU/L) were observed in more than 40 of participants in Cohorts B and C at week 40 
 by comparison, no antibody responses were detected in Cohort A 

Out
 of 25 evaluable patients, a higher proportion of Cohort B and C patients demonstrated potent HBsAg-specific T-cell responses (70 ;
 14/20) relative to those in Cohort A (20 ; 1/5) through week 44 

To
 date, two participants receiving combination regimens achieved either HBsAg below LLOQ (0.05 mIU/mL), to an undetectable level, or
 at LLOQ with maximum reductions of 4 log10 HBsAg both participants mounted potent anti-HBs antibody and HBV-specific
 T-cell responses 

6 

Additional
data from the study are expected to be announced later this year. 

On
January 5, 2022, we announced that the first patient was dosed in a second Phase IIa/IIb clinical study evaluating VBI-2601. This
Phase II study assesses VBI-2601 as an add-on therapy to the standard-of-care in China nucleos(t)ide reverse transcriptase inhibitor NRTI and pegylated interferon therapy (PEG-IFN- ,). Interim topline clinical data from part one of this Phase
IIa/IIb clinical study is expected in the third quarter of 2023. 

VBI-1901:
Glioblastoma (GBM) 

Our
cancer vaccine immunotherapeutic program, VBI-1901, targets CMV proteins present in tumor cells. CMV is associated with a number of solid
tumors including GBM, breast cancer, and pediatric medulloblastoma. 

In
January 2018, we initiated dosing in a two-part, multi-center, open-label Phase I/IIa clinical study of VBI-1901 in 38 patients with
recurrent GBM. Phase I (Part A) of the study was a dose-escalation phase that defined the safety, tolerability, and optimal dose level
of VBI-1901 adjuvanted with granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor (GM-CSF) in recurrent GBM patients with any number of prior
recurrences. In December 2018, this phase completed enrollment of 18 patients across three dose cohorts, the highest of which (10 g)
was selected as the optimal dose level to test in the Phase IIa portion (Part B) of the study. Phase IIa of the study, which initiated
enrollment in July 2019, is a two-arm study that enrolled 20 first-recurrent GBM patients to receive 10 g of VBI-1901 in combination
with either GM-CSF or GSK proprietary adjuvant system, AS01, as immunomodulatory adjuvants. AS01 is provided pursuant to a Clinical Collaboration
and Support Study Agreement with GSK, which we entered into on September 10, 2019. Enrollment of the 10 patients in the VBI-1901 with
GM-CSF arm was completed in March 2020 and enrollment of the 10 patients in the VBI-1901 with AS01 arm was completed in October 2020. 

Data
from the Phase IIa portion of the study was announced throughout 2020, 2021, and 2022, with the latest data presented in November
2022 at the 2022 Society for Neuro-Oncology (SNO) Annual Meeting. The data from the Phase IIa portion of this study demonstrate: (1)
improvement in 6-month, 12-month, and 18-month overall survival OS data compared to historical controls; (2) 12-month
OS of 60 (n=6/10) in the VBI-1901 + GM-CSF study arm and 70 (n=7/10) in the VBI-1901 + AS01 study arm, compared to historical controls
of ~30 ; (3) 18-month OS of 30 (3/10) in the VBI-1901 + GM-CSF study arm and 40 (n=4/10) in the VBI-1901 + AS01 study arm; (3) 2 patients
with partial tumor responses, one of whom remained on protocol for over two years and had achieved a 93 tumor reduction relative to
baseline at initiation of treatment at the start of the study, and 10 stable disease observations across all study arms; and (4) VBI-1901
continues to be safe and well tolerated at all doses tested, with no safety signals observed. 

On
June 8, 2021, we announced that the FDA granted Fast-Track Designation for VBI-1901 formulated with GM-CSF for the treatment of recurrent
GBM patients with first tumor recurrence. The designation was granted based on data from the Phase I/IIa study. 

On
June 22, 2022, we announced that the FDA granted Orphan Drug Designation for VBI-1901 for the treatment of GBM. 

Based
on the data seen to-date, as part of the next phase of development we anticipate assessing VBI-1901 in randomized, controlled studies
in both primary and recurrent GBM patients. In the recurrent setting, we aim to expand the number of patients in the current trial and
add a control arm, with the potential to support an accelerated approval application based on tumor response rates and improvement in
overall survival. Subject to discussion with the FDA, the amended protocol is expected to initiate enrollment of additional patients
in the second quarter of 2023. 

On October 12, 2022, we announced
a collaboration with Agenus Inc. to evaluate VBI-1901 in combination with anti-PD-1 balstilimab in a Phase II study as part of the INSIGhT
adaptive platform trial in patients with primary GBM. Subject to approval from regulatory bodies, we expect enrollment to initiate in
the VBI-1901 study arm in INSIGhT mid-year 2023. 

Impact
of the COVID-19 Pandemic on Our Business 

In
December 2019, SARS-CoV-2 was reported to have surfaced in Wuhan, China, and on March 12, 2020, the WHO declared the global outbreak
of COVID-19, the disease caused by SARS-CoV-2, to be a pandemic. Multiple vaccine candidates against SARS-CoV-2 continue to be under development,
and certain large, multinational pharmaceutical companies have been granted and continue to seek authorizations for emergency approval
by the FDA. The treatments for COVID-19, including symptomatic and supportive therapies, among other things, continue to be updated on
a rolling basis by healthcare authorities and agencies. 

7 

VBI is closely following changing SARS-CoV-2 characteristics and plans to
study the impact of specific mutations that may impact vaccine efficacy and vaccine design. Further investigations are required to understand
the impact of specific mutations on viral properties and the effectiveness of vaccines. 

We have three ongoing clinical
studies being conducted, by us or our partners, at clinical sites worldwide: 1) the Phase II study of VBI-2601 and BRII-835 (VIR-2218)
at multiple study sites in Asia Pacific countries; 2) the Phase IIa/IIb study of VBI-2601 at multiple study sites in Asian Pacific countries;
and 3) the Phase I clinical study of VBI-2901 in Canada. In addition to the active studies, we have planned clinical studies expected
to begin in 2023, including two additional studies with VBI-1901. The enrollment of patients at some of the clinical sites in our studies
has in the past been suspended due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Future COVID-19 outbreaks could suspend such studies again, and may suspend
or delay the enrollment of patients at other clinical sites where we are conducting or planning to conduct clinical trials, or lead to
the reallocation of resources or limit of access to clinical facilities. Additionally, if our trial participants are unable to travel
to or visit our clinical study sites as a result of the reimposition of quarantines or other restrictions resulting from new outbreaks
and a resurgence in COVID-19 cases, we could experience higher drop-out rates or delays in our clinical studies. Such quarantines and
other similar restrictions may also require us to temporarily close our clinical sites, research laboratories, or manufacturing facility.
Furthermore, if we determine that our trial participants may suffer from exposure to COVID-19 as a result of their participation in our
clinical trials, we may voluntarily close certain clinical sites as a safety measure until we reasonably believe that the likelihood of
exposure has subsided. As a result, our expected development timelines for VBI-2601, VBI-1901, and our coronavirus vaccine candidates
may be negatively impacted. 

During the years 2020 through
2022, in order to reduce exposure risk to COVID-19, we had fewer employees on site at both our manufacturing facility in Israel, where
we manufacture our 3-antigen HBV vaccine and VBI-2601, and at our research and development laboratories in Ottawa, Canada. Further, restrictions
on our ability to travel, stay-at-home orders and other similar restrictions on our business limited our ability to support our operations. 

The
COVID-19 pandemic has materially negatively affected the global economy, and the ongoing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, including
but not limited to, supply chain issues, global shortages of supplies, materials and products, volatile market conditions and rising
global inflation, continue to do so. As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, our business and results of operations were adversely
affected and, as the ongoing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic continue to impact the global economy, these effects may continue to
adversely affect our business and results of operations. The extent to which these effects will continue to
impact our business will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. We do not yet know the
full extent of potential delays or impacts on our business, our clinical studies, our research programs, the recoverability of our
assets, and our manufacturing; however, the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic may continue to disrupt or delay our business
operations, including with respect to efforts relating to potential business development transactions, and it could continue to
disrupt the marketplace which could have an adverse effect on our operations. 

Corporate
History 

We
were incorporated under the laws of British Columbia by Memorandum of Association on April 9, 1965 under the name Alice Arm Molybendum
Co. Ltd. On October 21, 1965, we changed our name to Alice Arm Mining Ltd. and subsequently, on July 13, 1975, changed
our name to New Congress Resources Ltd. On January 12, 1983, we changed our name to Levon Resources Ltd. 

On
July 9, 2015, we, then known as Levon Resources Ltd. Levon ), completed a plan of arrangement (the Levon Merger pursuant to which SciVac Ltd. SciVac ), an Israel based company, completed a reverse takeover of Levon. Levon changed its
name from Levon Resources Ltd. to SciVac Therapeutics Inc. and SciVac became our wholly-owned subsidiary. 

8 

On
May 6, 2016, we completed our acquisition of VBI Vaccines (Delaware) Inc. VBI DE ), pursuant to which Seniccav Acquisition
Corporation, a Delaware corporation and our wholly-owned subsidiary, merged with and into VBI DE, with VBI DE continuing as the surviving
corporation and as our wholly-owned subsidiary (the VBI-SciVac Merger ). Upon completion of the VBI-SciVac Merger, we (then
named SciVac Therapeutics Inc. changed our name to VBI Vaccines Inc. and received approval for the listing
of our common shares on Nasdaq. Our common shares commenced trading on Nasdaq at the opening of
trading on May 9, 2016 under our new name and the symbol VBIV. Following the effective time of the VBI-SciVac Merger, our
common shares began to trade on the Toronto Stock Exchange TSX under the new symbol VBV. Effective as of
March 23, 2018, we voluntarily delisted our common shares from the TSX. 

Our
registered office is located at Suite 1700, Park Place, 666 Burrard Street, Vancouver British Columbia V6C 2X8. Our principal executive
offices are located at 160 Second Street, Floor 3, Cambridge, MA 02142; our manufacturing operations are located at 13 Gad Feinstein
Road, POB 580, Rehovot, Israel 7610303 and our research operations are located at 310 Hunt Club Road East, Suite 201, Ottawa, Ontario
Canada K1V 1C1. 

Background
of VBI DE 

VBI
DE was originally established in 1970 as Paulson Capital Corp., an Oregon corporation Paulson Oregon ), which began as
a holding company whose operating subsidiary, Paulson Investment Company, Inc., was a full-service brokerage firm. Effective March 20,
2014, Paulson Oregon changed its state of incorporation from the State of Oregon to the State of Delaware, and as a result, Paulson Oregon
became Paulson Capital (Delaware) Corp. and Paulson Oregon ceased to exist. 

On
July 25, 2014, Variation Biotechnologies (US), Inc. VBI US completed its merger with VBI Acquisition Corp. Merger
Sub ), a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of Paulson Capital (Delaware) Corp., whereby Merger Sub merged with and
into VBI US, with VBI US continuing as the surviving corporation. As a result of this merger, VBI US was acquired by, and became a wholly-owned
subsidiary of Paulson Capital (Delaware) Corp., which changed its name to VBI Vaccines Inc. and then subsequently to VBI Vaccines (Delaware)
Inc. on July 19, 2016. 

Subsidiaries 

SciVac,
located in Rehovot, Israel, is our wholly-owned subsidiary that was incorporated on April 18, 2005 pursuant to the Israeli Companies
Law (1999), as amended. 

VBI
DE, a Delaware corporation, is our wholly-owned subsidiary. 

VBI
US, a Delaware corporation, is a wholly-owned subsidiary of VBI DE and was incorporated on December 18, 2006 in the State of Delaware. 

Variation
Biotechnologies Inc. VBI Cda ), located in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada, is a wholly-owned subsidiary of VBI US, and was incorporated
on August 24, 2001 under the Canada Business Corporations Act. 

SciVac
Hong Kong Limited, is a wholly-owned subsidiary, and was incorporated pursuant to the Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of the Laws of
Hong Kong) on January 29, 2019. 

VBI
Vaccines B.V., is a wholly-owned subsidiary, and was incorporated on October 21, 2020 in the Netherlands. 

Partnerships,
Collaborations, and Licensing Agreements 

Our
focus is to develop and deliver vaccines and therapeutics that target significant infectious diseases and aggressive cancers. As part
of this strategy, we have entered into, and expect to enter into additional, partnerships, collaborations, and licensing agreements.
These agreements help VBI commercialize our approved product, advance our investigational programs, and access additional expertise,
capabilities, resources, and funding. 

9 

Partnership
with Syneos Health Syneos 

On December 7, 2020, we announced
a partnership for the commercialization of our 3-antigen HBV vaccine with Syneos, who was selected for their robust and innovative commercialization
experience and deep vaccine expertise, including successful partnerships with leading vaccine manufacturers. VBI and Syneos began working
together on the launch strategy in 2019 and expanded the relationship in 2020 to build the leadership team and field teams dedicated to
VBI, incorporating full-service commercialization solutions. As part of this partnership, we have fully-dedicated field team members across
medical affairs, market access, and sales. 

The
Master Commercial Services Agreement Commercial Agreement ), dated December 17, 2019, has an initial term of five (5) years.
Details regarding activities, leaderships team, and field teams are covered in various work orders, entered into pursuant to and governed
by the Commercial Agreement. 

Collaboration
and License Agreement with Brii Bio 

On
December 4, 2018, we entered into the License Agreement with Brii Bio, pursuant to which, among other things, subject to terms and conditions
set forth in the License Agreement, amended on April 8, 2021: 

(i) 
 we
 and Brii Bio agreed to collaborate on the development of a HBV recombinant protein-based immunotherapeutic in China, Hong Kong,
 Taiwan and Macau (collectively, the Licensed Territory ), and to conduct a Phase Ib/IIa
 collaboration clinical trial for the purpose of comparing VBI-2601, which is a recombinant protein-based
 immunotherapeutic developed by VBI for use in treating chronic HBV, with a novel composition developed jointly with Brii Bio (either
 being the Licensed Product 

(ii) 
 we
 granted Brii Bio an exclusive royalty-bearing license to perform studies, and regulatory and other activities, as may be required
 to obtain and maintain marketing approval for the Licensed Product, for the treatment of HBV in the Licensed Territory and to commercialize
 and promote the Licensed Product for the diagnosis and treatment of chronic HBV in the Licensed Territory; and 

(iii) 
 Brii
 Bio granted us an exclusive royalty-free license under Brii Bio s technology and Brii Bio s interest in any joint technology
 developed during the collaboration to develop and commercialize the Licensed Product for the diagnosis and treatment of chronic HBV
 in the countries of the world other than the Licensed Territory. 

On
December 20, 2021, we and Brii Bio further amended the License Agreement (the Brii Second Amendment subject to the
following additional terms and conditions: 

(i) 
 we
 and Brii Bio agreed to conduct an additional Phase II combination clinical trial of VBI-2601, both with and without IFN- ,
 and BRII-835 (VIR-2218) Combo Clinical Trial and 

(ii) 
 Brii
 Bio granted us a non-exclusive royalty free license under the Brii Bio technology arising from the data generated in the Combo Clinical
 Trial solely for use in the development, manufacture or commercialization of the Licensed Product in combination with an siRNA in
 the countries of the words other than the Licensed Territory. 

Pursuant
to the Brii Second Amendment and the initial development plan, Brii Bio shall fund all clinical trials for the Licensed Territory.
We and Brii Bio will jointly own all right, title and interest in the joint know-how development and the patents claiming joint
inventions made pursuant to the Brii Second Amendment. 

As
part of the initial consideration for the collaboration under the License Agreement, we received from Brii Bio a total upfront payment
of 11 million. We are also eligible to receive an additional 117.5 million in potential milestone payments, along with potential low
double-digit royalties on commercial sales in the Licensed Territory. In connection with the License Agreement, we and Brii Bio entered
into a stock purchase agreement, dated as of December 4, 2018, pursuant to which we issued to Brii Bio an aggregate of 2,295,082 common
shares in exchange for a gross contractual allocation of 7 million (included in the 11 million upfront payment), or 3.05 per share,
which had a fair value of 3.6 million on the date of issuance. 

10 

There
was no additional consideration contemplated in the Brii Second Amendment. 

The
License Agreement will be in effect until the last-to-expire of the latest of the following terms in each region of the Licensed Territory:
(i) expiration, invalidation or lapse of the last of our patent claiming a Licensed Product, (ii) 10 years from the date of first commercial
sale of a Licensed Product in the applicable region, or (iii) termination or expiration of our obligation to pay third party royalties
with respect to sales of a Licensed Product. Upon expiration (but not an earlier termination) of the License Agreement in each region
of the Licensed Territory, we will grant Brii Bio a perpetual, non-exclusive, fully paid-up, royalty free license under our technology
related to the Licensed Compounds (as defined in the License Agreement) or Licensed Products pursuant to the License Agreement in such
region to make and sell Licensed Products for the diagnosis and treatment of HBV in such region. Each party may terminate the License
Agreement upon a material breach of the License Agreement which has not been cured within 60 days (or 30 days for a breach payment obligations)
after notice from the terminating party requesting cure of the breach, or upon bankruptcy or insolvency, either voluntary or involuntary,
dissolution, or liquidation of a party. In addition, Brii Bio may terminate the License Agreement without cause upon 180 days 
notice or, if the Data and Safety Monitoring Board or any regulatory authority in the Licensed Territory imposes a clinical hold on any
clinical trial for a Licensed Product for six consecutive months, immediately upon notice. We may terminate the License Agreement immediately
upon notice, if Brii Bio or its affiliates, directly, or indirectly through any third party, commences any interference or opposition
proceeding with respect to, challenges the validity or enforceability of, or opposes any extension of or the grant of a supplementary
protection certificate with respect to, any patents owned or controlled by us related to the composition or the method of making or using
Licensed Compounds or Licensed Products, or are otherwise necessary or useful to research, develop, make, or otherwise commercialize
the licensed compounds or Licensed Products. 

Prior
to us entering into the License Agreement, we paid 6 million to terminate a distribution agreement with a third party who previously
held certain distribution rights to certain Asian markets. 

Collaboration
Agreement with GSK 

On
September 10, 2019, we entered into the Collaboration Agreement with GSK (the GSK Collaboration Agreement pursuant to
which we agreed to investigate the use of GSK s proprietary AS01 adjuvant in our Phase I/IIa study of VBI-1901. As a
result of the GSK Collaboration Agreement, we added a second study arm to Part B of the study and announced enrollment of patients
in the AS01 B arm in March 2020, as described in Part I - Item I - Business - eVLP Platform - VBI-1901: Cancer
Vaccine Immunotherapeutic Candidate . 

Collaboration
Agreement with the NRC 

On
March 31, 2020, we announced a collaboration with the NRC, Canada s largest federal research and development organization, to develop
a coronavirus vaccine candidate. The collaboration combines VBI s viral vaccine expertise, eVLP technology platform, and coronavirus
antigens with the NRC s uniquely designed SARS-CoV-2 antigens and assay development capabilities to select the most immunogenic
vaccine candidate for further development. 

On
December 21, 2020, we signed an amendment to the collaboration agreement with the NRC to broaden the scope of collaboration to include
certain pre-clinical evaluations, bioprocess optimization, technology transfer, and the performance of additional scale up work. 

On
July 8, 2021, we signed a second amendment to the collaboration agreement with the NRC to broaden the scope of the collaboration to include
developing a vaccine against the Beta variant of SARS-CoV-2. 

On
August 27, 2021, we signed a third amendment to the collaboration agreement with the NRC to further broaden the scope to include certain
stable cell line work for our vaccine candidate against the Beta variant of SARS-CoV-2. 

On
November 15, 2021, we signed a fourth amendment to the collaboration agreement with the NRC to further broaden the scope for our vaccine
candidate against the Beta variant of SARS-CoV-2 to include additional animal studies and PRNT analysis. 

11 

On
February 8, 2022, we signed a fifth amendment to the collaboration agreement with the NRC to further broaden the scope to include additional
assays of new variants against SARS-CoV-2. 

 On
April 28, 2022, we signed a sixth amendment to the collaboration agreement with the NRC to further broaden the scope to include generation
and testing of stable pools of cells expressing SARS-CoV-2 spike protein. 

On February 28, 2023, we signed
a seventh amendment to the collaboration agreement with the NRC to extend the expiration date of the collaboration agreement to December
31, 2023. 

Collaboration
Agreement with the Agenus Inc. Agenus 

On
October 12, 2022, the Company entered into a Clinical Collaboration Agreement with Agenus Inc. pursuant to which the Company will evaluate
VBI-1901 in combination anti-PD-1 balstilimab in a Phase II study as part of the INSIGhT adaptive platform trial in patients first diagnosed
with GBM. Subject to approval from regulatory bodies, we expect enrollment to initiate in the VBI-1901 study arm
in INSIGhT mid-year 2023, as described in Part I - Item I - Business - eVLP Platform - VBI-1901: Cancer Vaccine Immunotherapeutic
Candidate . 

Partnership
with the CEPI 

On
March 9, 2021, we announced a partnership with CEPI to develop eVLP vaccine candidates against
SARS-COV-2 variants, including the Beta variant, also known as the B.1.351 variant and 501Y.V2, first identified in South Africa. CEPI
agreed to provide up to 33,018 to support the advancement of VBI-2905, a monovalent eVLP candidate expressing the pre-fusion form of
the spike protein from the Beta variant, through Phase I clinical development. 

On
December 6, 2022, we and CEPI entered into an amendment to the CEPI Funding Agreement (the CEPI Amendment to expand
the scope of the CEPI Funding Agreement. The CEPI Amendment, among others, (i) expands the definition of Project
Vaccine to include additional multivalent vaccine constructs within the VBI-2900 program, (ii) removes certain pricing
restrictions previously allocated to high-income countries in the CEPI Funding Agreement, (iii) updates the proposed volume
commitment percentage contributions by us to CEPI for a Project Vaccine, and (iv) adds certain commercial benefits and related
adjustments for CEPI following the pandemic period, including royalties paid to CEPI, in the event that CEPI provides funding for
Phase III clinical studies of the Project Vaccine. 

Contribution
Agreement with the Government of Canada 

On
July 3, 2020, we and the NRC as represented by its IRAP signed a contribution agreement whereby the NRC agreed to contribute up to CAD
 1 million for the transfer and scale-up of the technical production process for our prophylactic coronavirus vaccine program. 

On
September 16, 2020, we signed the Contribution Agreement (as amended, the Contribution Agreement with Her Majesty the
Queen in Right of Canada, as represented by the Minister of Industry (the Minister ), whereby the Minister agreed to contribute
an amount not exceeding the lesser of (i) 75 of VBI Cda s costs incurred in respect of the Project, subject to certain eligibility
limitations as set forth in the Contribution Agreement and (ii) CAD 56 million from the SIF to support the development of our coronavirus
vaccine program, VBI-2900, though Phase II clinical studies (the Project ). We initially agreed to complete such project,
to be conducted exclusively in Canada except as permitted otherwise under certain circumstances, in or before the first quarter of 2022 Project Completion Date ). On March 28, 2022, we and the Minister signed an amendment
to the Contribution Agreement, the main purpose of which was to extend the collaboration and move the Project Completion Date from March
31, 2022 to December 31, 2023. In consideration of such contribution, we agreed to guarantee the complete performance and fulfillment
of VBI Cda s obligations under the Contribution Agreement. In the event VBI Cda fails to perform or otherwise satisfy any of its
obligations related to the Contribution Agreement, we will become a primary obligor under the Contribution Agreement. 

12 

For
the term of the Contribution Agreement, VBI Cda must have exclusive ownership of all intellectual property developed in connection with
the Project (the Project Intellectual Property ). Pursuant to the Contribution Agreement, we are required to obtain a consent
of the Minister, not to be unreasonably withheld, prior to granting any right or license to any of the Project Intellectual Property
and certain other intellectual properties that is required for the carrying out of the Project (the Background Intellectual Property, 
subject to certain exceptions set forth in the Contribution Agreement. Furthermore, if we are unable to provide a sufficient Canadian-sourced
supply of the COVID-19 vaccine, the Minister may require us to grant a license on commercially reasonable terms to use the Project Intellectual
Property and the Background Intellectual Property, but only to the extent necessary to ensure such supply. 

Under
the terms of the Contribution Agreement, we agreed to obtain the Minister s written consent prior to (i) making significant changes
in the scope, objectives, outcomes or benefits of the Project, (ii) dispose of any assets, which were, in whole or in part, funded by
the Minister under the Agreement, and (iii) effecting a Change in Control (as defined in the Contribution Agreement). In addition, we
will provide a written notice to the Minister of any acquisition of a business, the sale of a business or a merger or amalgamation. 

In
an event of default, subject to a rectification period available in certain circumstances, among other things, the Minister may (i) suspend
or terminate its contribution to the Project and (ii) require repayment of all or part of the contribution paid by the Minster, together
with interest from the day of demand at the interest rate set forth in the Contribution Agreement. 

The
Contribution Agreement will terminate no earlier than five years following the Project Completion Date unless terminated earlier in accordance
with the terms of the Contribution Agreement. The Contribution Agreement also contains confidentiality and indemnification obligations
of the parties. 

In
connection with execution of the Contribution Agreement, we obtained a consent of K2 HealthVentures LLC K2HV pursuant to the Loan and Guaranty Agreement (the Loan Agreement ), dated May 22, 2020, as amended on May 7, 2021 (the
 First Amendment and on September 14, 2022 (the Second Amendment ). Pursuant to such consent, certain
events of default that result in contributions made under the Contribution Agreement in excess of 500, becoming due and payable
could result in an event of default under the Loan Agreement. 

Ferring
and SciGen License Agreements 

HBsAg products, including our 3-antigen HBV vaccines, are subject of a license agreement between Savient Pharmaceuticals
Inc. and SciGen Ltd dated June 2004, (the original Ferring License Agreement ). as subsequently amended and restated on October
18, 2022 (the Amended and Restated Ferring License Agreement ). This Amended and Restated Ferring License Agreement amends
and restates certain of the terms relating to the manufacture and marketing of HBsAg products, which includes, among others, updates to
the definition of net sales, and a reduction in the fixed royalty rate on net sales of HBsAg products Product from seven
percent (7 to three and a half percent (3.5 in consideration for the grant of the license to utilize genetically engineered CHO cells
encoding the hepatitis B antigen and certain information related to the manufacture of hepatitis B vaccines. In connection with the Amended
and Restated Ferring License Agreement, the Company has also agreed to act as the guarantor for SciVac s obligations under the Amended
and Restated Ferring License Agreement, or if the Amended and Restated Ferring License Agreement is assigned to a third party, guarantor
for SciVac s obligations that have accrued up until the date of such assignment. 

Under an Assignment Agreement between FDS Pharm LLP and SciGen Ltd., dated
February 14, 2012 (the SciGen Assignment Agreement ), we are required to pay royalties to SciGen Ltd. equal to 5 of net
sales (as defined in the original Ferring License Agreement) of Product. Under the original Ferring License Agreement and the SciGen Assignment
Agreement, we originally were to pay royalties on a country-by-country basis until the date 10 years after the date of commencement of
the first royalty year in respect of such country. In April 2019, we exercised our option to extend the original Ferring License Agreement
in respect of all the countries that still make up the territory for an additional 7 years by making a one-time payment to Ferring of
 100. Royalties under the Amended and Restated Ferring License Agreement and SciGen Assignment Agreement will continue to be payable for
the duration of the extended license periods. 

Royalty
payments under the Amended and Restated Ferring License Agreement or the original Ferring License Agreement of 33 and 18 were
recorded in cost of revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

13 

Royalty
payments under the SciGen Assignment Agreement of 47 and 13 were recorded in cost of revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022
and 2021, respectively. 

In addition, we are committed
to pay 30 of any and all non-royalty consideration, in any form, received by us from sub-licensees (other than consideration based on
net sales for which a royalty is due under the Amended and Restated Ferring License Agreement), provided that the payment of 30 shall
not apply to a grant of rights in or relating to: (i) the Original Territory (as defined in the original Ferring License Agreement);
or (ii) the Berna Territory (as defined in the Amended and Restated Ferring License Agreement). 

eVLP
Technology Purchase Agreement 

We
are engaged in the inbound licensing of key intellectual property. We identified the need for a vaccine antigen discovery and design
platform and, through that certain sale and purchase agreement entered into on July 18, 2011 (the Sale and Purchase Agreement among VBI Cda and ePixis SA ePixis and the shareholders of ePixis (collectively, the Sellers ), acquired
100 of the outstanding shares of ePixis in order to obtain access to its exclusive rights to key intellectual property covering its
eVLP vaccine platform (the Technology ), including patents (the Acquired Patents covering the Technology.
We paid a purchase price of 400 (approximately 450) for the ePixis shares and approximately 75 in related transaction costs.
VBI Cda also agreed to make certain contingent payments to the Sellers as follows: 

Upon
 the earlier to occur of (i) first approval by the FDA of a new drug application (an NDA permitting us or any sublicensee
 to market and sell any pharmaceutical product or candidate pharmaceutical product that contains or can express an eVLP (a eVLP
 Product in the U.S. or (ii) first approval by the European Medicines Agency of a Marketing Authorization Application or equivalent submission
 permitting us or our sublicensees to market and sell a eVLP Product candidate in one or more countries in the EU, we must pay to
 the Sellers 1,000, or, if there are no longer any issued and valid claims of the Acquired Patents in effect at the date such
 event occurs, 500. 

If
 an eVLP Product is commercialized, we will be required to pay the Sellers the following: 

On
 the date that Cumulative Net Sales (as defined in the Sale and Purchase Agreement), of all eVLP Products equals or exceeds 25,000,
 we must pay to the Sellers 1,500, or, if there are no longer any issued and valid claims of the Acquired Patents in effect
 at the date such event occurs, 750; and 

On
 the Date that Cumulative Net Sales of all eVLP Products equals or exceeds 50,000 in the aggregate, we must pay to the Sellers
 2,000 or, if there are no longer any issued and valid claims of the Acquired Patents in effect at the date such event occurs,
 1,000. 

If
any eVLP Product is commercialized by one or more sublicensees, we have agreed to make the following payments to the Sellers: 

On
 the date that Cumulative Net Sales by us or any sublicensees of the eVLP Products equal or exceed 25,000 in the aggregate,
 we must pay to the Sellers 750, or, if there are no longer any issued and valid claims of the Acquired Patents in effect at
 the date such event occurs, 375; 

On
 the date that Cumulative Net Sales made by us or any sublicensees of the eVLP Products equal or exceed 50,000 in the aggregate,
 we must pay to the Sellers 750, or, if there are no longer any issued and valid claims of the Acquired Patents in effect at
 the date such event occurs, 375; 

On
 the date that Cumulative Net Sales made by us or any sublicensees of the eVLP Products equal or exceed 75,000 in the aggregate,
 we must pay to the Sellers 1,000, or, if there are no longer any issued and valid claims of the Acquired Patents in effect
 at the date such event occurs, 500; and 

On
 the date that Cumulative Net Sales made by us or any sublicensees of the eVLP Products equal or exceed 100,000 in the aggregate,
 we must pay to the Sellers 1,000, or, if there are no longer any issued and valid claims of the Acquired Patents in effect
 at the date such event occurs, 500. 

14 

Included
in the eVLP Acquired Patents were patents (the UPMC Patents co-owned by L Universite Pierre et Marie Curie, now
Sorbonne Universit UPMC ), and the Institut National de la Sant et de la Recherche M dicale INSERM ),
both in Paris, France. In July 2006, ePixis entered into a license agreement (the ePixis License Agreement with UPMC,
INSERM, and L cole Normale Sup rieure de Lyon (collectively the Licensor pursuant to which the Licensor
granted to ePixis an exclusive license (with the right to sublicense with written consent from UPMC) to exploit the UPMC Patents for
the purpose of developing, promoting and marketing products within the U.S., Japan, Canada, and Europe until the expiry of the
last of the UPMC Patents, including any supplementary protection certificates. Pursuant to the ePixis License Agreement, ePixis was to
pay certain fees to the Licensor based on net sales (as defined in the ePixis License Agreement) of products developed from the UPMC
Patents, sublicensing income based on net sales Sublicensing Payments and one-time payments Lump Sum Payments for each product developed from the UPMC Patents. ePixis also agreed to reimburse UPMC for fees and costs related to filing and maintaining
the patent applications. 

On
July 12, 2011, the parties to the ePixis License Agreement entered into the first amendment to the ePixis License Agreement (the ePixis
Amendment ). The ePixis Amendment authorized the transfer of the ePixis License Agreement to VBI Cda and laid out new financial
terms and conditions for the rights granted under the ePixis License Agreement. 

The
ePixis Amendment provides that the fees to be paid to the Licensor by ePixis on net sales of eVLP Products based on the UPMC Patents
will be 1.75 of net sales for annual sales between 0 and 50,000, 1 of net sales for annual sales between 50,000 and
 100,000, and 0.75 of net sales for annual sales in excess of 100,000. Pursuant to the ePixis Amendment, Lump Sum Payments
shall be made as follows: 

50
 when the results from pre-clinical studies are sufficient to allow a product to enter a regulatory filing similar to an IND or a
 similar entity in a country other than the U.S.; this milestone was met and paid during the year ended December 31, 2016
 for the CMV candidate and during the year ended December 31, 2018 for the GBM candidate. During the year ended December 31, 2021,
 the milestone was met for our prophylactic coronavirus vaccine program; 

150
 when the results from pre-clinical studies are sufficient to allow a product into a clinical phase, including Phase I-II clinical
 studies; this milestone was met and paid during the year ended December 31, 2016 for the CMV candidate; during the year ended December
 31, 2018 for the GBM candidate; and during the year ended December 31, 2021 for our prophylactic coronavirus vaccine program; 

250
 when a product enters Phase II clinical studies, an event that is defined by the enrollment of the first patient; 

500
 when a product enters Phase III clinical studies; and 

1,000
 when a product is first marketed. 

UPMC
is also a co-owner of the patent family covering our VBI-1501 CMV vaccine and we are negotiating extension of our existing
license to cover this patent family. 

Fees
on income earned from sublicenses under the ePixis Amendment were revised as follows: 25 of any amounts received by ePixis for the sublicense
if the sublicense is entered into prior to the start of Phase I clinical studies; 10 of any amounts received by ePixis if the sublicense
is entered into during Phase I clinical studies and prior to the start of Phase II clinical studies; 7 of any amounts received by ePixis
if the sublicense is entered into during Phase II clinical studies and prior to the start of Phase III clinical studies, and 5 of any
amounts received by ePixis if the sublicense is entered into after the start of Phase III clinical studies. There was no change to the
requirement that ePixis reimburse UPMC for fees and costs related to filing and maintaining the patent applications and patents. 

The
parties may terminate the ePixis License Agreement, as amended, by mutual agreement. There is also a cancellation right that may be exercised
in the event of breach. UPMC may terminate the ePixis License Agreement if we, among other things, declare bankruptcy; do not put forth
reasonable effort or are unable to develop and market the products, and, in particular, if we suspend the development of the products
for more than six months; our inability to make the payments required by the ePixis License Agreement; lack of sales of a product, or
lack of a signed sub-license agreement within one year from the date of acquiring AMM (Autorisation de mise sur le march 
Regulation of Therapeutic Goods) authorization, or the necessary equivalent authorization for the use of the products; and lack of sales
of a product for more than two years after the initial marketing has taken place. During the year-ended December 31, 2016, VBI Cda paid
UPMC 200 in milestone payments related to CMV Phase I clinical trial approval and start. During the year ended December 31, 2018,
VBI Cda paid UPMC 200, in milestone payments related to the GBM Phase I/IIa clinical trial approval and start. 

During the year
ended December 31, 2021, VBI Cda paid UPMC 200 in milestone payments related to our prophylactic coronavirus vaccine program clinical
trial approval and start. No payments were made during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

15 

Description
of Operations 

We
are headquartered in Cambridge, Massachusetts, with our manufacturing facility in Rehovot, Israel and our research facility in Ottawa,
Ontario, Canada. 

The
Cambridge headquarters allows us to leverage our location in a biotechnology hub, and provides us with access to experienced consultants
and executive level talent. 

In
Rehovot, Israel, we operate a proprietary, GMP-certified, mammalian cell-derived vaccine manufacturing facility, which we use to
manufacture our 3-antigen HBV vaccine, as well as clinical study supply of VBI-2601. The facility was built in December 2006 and
most recently received GMP certification renewal by the Ministry of Health of the State of Israel IMoH on February
6, 2022. It has also received IMoH authorization to release vaccine batches to export markets. In 2013, the EU entered into an
agreement with Israel regarding conformity assessment and acceptance of industrial products. This agreement recognizes
Israel s industrial standards as being equivalent to EU standards. It covers products for human and veterinary use (medicinal
products, active pharmaceutical ingredients and excipients) and procedures related to GMP. The agreement means that Israel and the
EU recognize each other s GMP inspection conclusions, manufacturing and import authorizations and certification of conformity
of batches. In 2021 our facility passed a FDA Remote Interactive Evaluation as part of the Biologics License Application BLA application process whereby PreHevbrio was approved for use in the U.S. 

The
Canadian research site benefits from its location in Canada s National Capital Region, providing us with access to world-class
research facilities. VBI Cda s active research collaboration with the Canadian federal government s NRC provides its staff
with on-site access to the NRC s animal facility for greater control over the testing of our pipeline candidates. NRC staff manages
the general animal husbandry and maintenance requirements for VBI Cda s animal research activities. 

The
three sites collaborate efficiently through the use of a unified information technology infrastructure and web-based video-conferencing
services. 

Competitors 

Our
pipeline candidates face, and will continue to face, intense competition from large pharmaceutical companies, specialty pharmaceutical
and biotechnology companies as well as academic and research institutions. We compete in an industry that is characterized by: rapid
technological change; evolving industry standards; emerging competition; and new product introductions. Competitors have existing products
and technologies that will compete with our pipeline candidates and technologies and may develop and commercialize additional products
and technologies that will compete with our pipeline candidates and technologies. Because several competing companies and institutions
may have greater financial resources than us, they may be able to: provide broader services and product lines; make greater investments
in research and development R D and carry-on larger R D initiatives. Competitors may also have greater development
capabilities than we do and have substantially greater experience in undertaking nonclinical and clinical testing of products, obtaining
regulatory approvals and manufacturing and marketing pharmaceutical products. They may also have greater name recognition and better
access to customers. 

We
face general market competition from several subsectors of the vaccine development field, including: large, multinational pharmaceutical
companies including Sanofi S.A. Sanofi ), GSK, Merck, Janssen Pharmaceutical, Inc Janssen ), Mitsubishi Tanabe
Pharma Corporation, Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited and Pfizer, Inc. Pfizer large and mid-size pharmaceutical
companies and emerging biotechnology companies including Dynavax, Novavax Inc., Moderna, Inc. Moderna ), BioNTech SE, and Hookipa Biotech AG; and
academic and not-for-profit vaccine researchers and developers including the National Institutes of Health. The industry is typified
by extensive collaboration, licensing, and merger and acquisition activity despite the intense competition. 

16 

In
the prophylactic HBV vaccine space, we have several key competitors currently commercializing single-antigen HBV vaccines, including:
GSK, the manufacturer of Engerix-B and Twinrix, Merck, the manufacturer of Recombivax HB, and Dynavax, the manufacturer of Heplisav-B. 

Within
the therapeutic HBV space, we face both competition from and potential collaboration with other developers of innovative HBV therapeutics
designed to achieve a functional cure in combination with other therapeutics. Key large pharmaceutical companies in the space include:
GSK, Janssen, Gilead Sciences, Inc, and F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd Roche ). Additionally, there are a number of mid-size
companies developing alternative approaches to treat HBV, including: VIR, Arbutus Biopharma Corp, Dicerna Pharmaceuticals Inc, and Aligos
Therapeutics Inc. It is not yet known which modes of action, or combinations thereof, will lead to a HBV functional cure. 

Given
the significant unmet medical need for GBM, there are numerous competitors seeking to develop new immunotherapies to treat GBM. Among
these, Immunomic Therapeutics Inc Immunomic ), Immatics Biotechnologies GmBH, Stemline Therapeutics Inc., Mimivax LLC,
and Inovio Pharmaceuticals Inc are developing vaccines that are also currently completing clinical studies. Immunomic s approach
also targets CMV antigens associated with GBM using a dendritic cell vaccine. Additional cell-based therapies and oncolytic viruses include
those under clinical study by DNAtrix Inc and Transgene SA. 

Within the COVID vaccine
space, over the last three years, more than one hundred vaccine candidates against SARS-CoV-2 were under development; four groups
have obtained FDA approval or authorization for emergency use: (i) Pfizer, Inc/BioNTech SE; (ii) Moderna; (iii) J J/Janssen; and (iv) Novavax. Approvals for additional vaccines targeting COVID-19 and its variants are
anticipated. Other key companies in the space with vaccines recognized by the WHO and/or approved for use by other regulatory
agencies include AstraZeneca AB, Bharat Biotech International Limited, CanSino Biologics Inc., Serum Institute of India Pvt. Ltd,
Sinopharm/Beijing Institute of Biological Products Co., Ltd., and Sinovac Life Sciences Co., Ltd. Dozens of additional companies
and institutions are running clinical studies, and we expect the COVID space to evolve rapidly over the next year. 

Within
the CMV vaccine space, we have several key competitors, some of whom are further advanced with their CMV vaccine development. Among these,
Moderna s CMV vaccine is in Phase III, and Hookipa Biotech AG CMV vaccine is in Phase II. 

Suppliers
and Contractors 

Suppliers 

We
rely on a single source for our supply of vials and certain raw materials required for the manufacturing of our 3-antigen HBV vaccine.
We have supply agreements with these vendors intended to assure quality and flow of materials. Alternative sources from which we can
obtain our supply of these materials is under assessment. We may not be able to find alternative suppliers in a timely manner that would
provide supplies of these materials at acceptable quantities and prices, if at all. Additionally, critical supplies and reagents are
also required by our contractors for manufacturing and release testing of our eVLP-based pipeline candidates. Any interruption in the
supply of these materials would disrupt our ability to manufacture our 3-antigen HBV vaccine and our pipeline candidates and could have
a material adverse effect on our business. 

Contractors 

We
enter into contracts in the normal course of business with contract research organizations CROs for clinical trials and
contract development and manufacturing organizations CDMOs for manufacturing of our eVLP vaccine candidates. We also
enter into contracts in the normal course of operations with vendors for research studies, research supplies and other services and products
for operating purposes. These contracts generally provide for termination on notice. 

17 

We engage CRO s to conduct
our clinical programs including the GBM Phase I/IIa clinical program and our prophylactic coronavirus vaccine program. Our reliance on
these CRO s reduces our control over these activities and involves certain risks. See Risk Factors on page 27 for more information regarding the risks associated with our reliance on CROs. 

We
engage CDMOs to manufacture our eVLP vaccine candidates and these CDMOs are dependent on sourcing raw materials from third party suppliers.
Our reliance on these CDMOs reduces our control over these activities and involves certain risks. See Risk Factors on page
27 for more information regarding the risks associated with our reliance on CDMOs. 

We
rely on a number of contractors to provide services to characterize and release our 3-antigen HBV vaccine. While alternative contractors
exist for these services, we may not be able to transition to alternative contractors in a manner that does not disrupt the normal course
of manufacturing operations and the supply of our 3-antigen HBV vaccine. 

Our
novel vaccine development efforts depend on a number of key suppliers to continue our research operations. We have identified the following
parties as key suppliers of reagents, technology, or expertise which impact our development plans with our eVLP pipeline candidates: 

UPMC
 is the owner of the eVLP vaccine platform intellectual property portfolio to which we have an exclusive license. Under the terms
 of the ePixis License Agreement, as amended, we are required to pay royalties for successful products developed using the intellectual
 property for as long as patent claims cover the period in a given jurisdiction. This patent portfolio has claims that are expected
 to remain in force until 2023 in the U.S., after which time we are no longer obligated to compensate UPMC for development
 of vaccines based on the UPMC intellectual property portfolio. After that time, the remaining patent protection of the CMV vaccine
 candidate will be based on patents and patent applications co-owned with UPMC which, if granted, would provide patent protection
 extending until 2032. We are negotiating an agreement with UPMC to cover the CMV patents and patent applications. There
 can be no assurance that any pending patent applications will be granted or, if granted, will be enforceable, and the claims in pending
 patent applications may be amended to reduce the scope of patent claims. 

We
 have collaborated with NRC on various vaccine projects since 2004 and have a long history of successful partnerships including several
 NRC-administered industrial research grants. The NRC developed a proprietary cell line (HEK-293-NRC) that we are using for production
 of our eVLP-based vaccine candidates. VBI Cda and the NRC have signed a research agreement that provides VBI Cda with access to NRC
 facilities and expertise for the advancement of our vaccine candidate programs. Supplementary to such research agreement, we negotiated
 terms for a non-exclusive license to the HEK-293-NRC cell line. Under these terms, we were required to pay success-based milestone
 payments until the patents on the cell line expired in November of 2018. We are collaborating with NRC to develop a coronavirus vaccine
 candidate. The collaboration combines our viral vaccine expertise, eVLP technology platform, and coronavirus antigens with the NRC s
 uniquely designed SARS-CoV-2 antigens and assay development capabilities to select the most immunogenic vaccine candidate for further
 development. The scope of collaboration includes certain pre-clinical evaluations, bioprocess optimization, technology transfer,
 and the performance of additional scale up work. 

Key
 Reagent Suppliers: Characterization and release assays for our eVLP-based vaccines require specialized reagents. Several key reagents
 including reference proteins and growth media are provided by third parties and can impact development timelines. We have secured
 sufficient quantities of third-party reference proteins and growth media for ongoing and planned clinical studies. Supply of these
 key reagents remains a risk. See Risk Factors on page 27 for more information regarding the risks associated with
 our reliance on key reagents. 

We,
through our wholly-owned subsidiaries, depend on subcontractor arrangements to facilitate the completion of our research programs. Catalent
Biologics, previously Paragon Bioservices, has manufactured clinical batches of our CMV vaccine candidate and our GBM immunotherapeutic
vaccine candidate pursuant to the terms of a GMP-Manufacturing Services Agreement dated September 26, 2014. Resilience Biotechnologies,
previously Therapure Biopharma Inc., manufactures clinical batches of our prophylactic coronavirus vaccine program and our GBM immunotherapeutic
vaccine candidate pursuant to the terms of a Master Service and Supply Agreement dated November 10, 2020. 

18 

Employees 

As of December 31, 2022, we had
a total of 190 full-time and 6 part-time employees. The manufacturing site in Israel had 124 full-time employees and 4 part-time employees
and the Ottawa research site employed 48 full-time and 2 part-time employees, as of December 31, 2022. Our headquarters in Cambridge,
MA employed 18 full-time employees. None of our employees are represented by unions. Our management considers its relationship with our
employees to be good. 

We are committed to maintaining
a diverse and inclusive work environment that promotes fairness and values each team members unique experience and contribution
to the workplace. By bringing together individuals with varying backgrounds, expertise, and perspectives into an inclusive and collaborative
work environment, we believe we can better achieve our corporate objectives and deliver long-term, sustained value for key stakeholders
 patients, healthcare providers, and shareholders. We review our internal diversity statistics on an annual basis, and while we
believe we have created a team that is inclusive, we continually strive to better our diversity profile, including by: (i) improving the
rate of self-identification with our internal workforce; and (ii) increasing access to groups where we don t have representation
by working with certain academic centers and recruiters, and by leveraging diverse job boards and employment centers. 

We also strongly believe that
all employees should be treated with respect, and we strictly enforce our Non-Discrimination, Anti-Harassment, and Anti-Retaliation Policies
to protect and maintain a safe, respected, and supportive workplace environment for all employees. 

Facilities
and Offices 

Our
registered office is located at Suite 1700, Park Place, 666 Burrard Street, Vancouver, BC V6C 2X8 with our headquarters located at 160
Second Street, Floor 3, Cambridge, MA, 02142. Our manufacturing operations are located in Rehovot, Israel and our primary research facility
is located in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada, refer to Part I Item 2. Properties. 

We
rent office, manufacturing and research facility space under various operating leases, and we made rent payments of 1,865 during the
fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

We
believe that our office, manufacturing, and research facilities are suitable and adequate for our current operations but will consider
term extensions or expansion of leased space, depending on market conditions and needs. 

Research
and Development 

We invest heavily in R D.
R D expenses were 15.5 million and 19.6 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. All R D was funded
by equity financings, term loan financings, collaboration agreements, funding agreements or government grants and contributions. Our most
significant R D expenses to date have been related to the development of our 3-antigen HBV vaccine, followed by the development of
our GBM vaccine immunotherapeutic candidate (VBI-1901), our prophylactic coronavirus vaccine candidates (VBI-2900), our CMV candidate
(VBI-1501), and the related eVLP platform. We continue to invest in and advance our lead pipeline candidates. In addition, we may bring
other pipeline candidates through the clinical development stage and explore other vaccine opportunities and/or collaborations. 

Intellectual
Property 

Patents 

Our
intellectual property portfolio includes 19 active patent families consisting of 196 fully owned or co-owned or exclusively licensed
patents and patent applications. The highlights of our patent portfolio include: 

eVLP
 vaccine related intellectual property: we have an exclusive license to a patent family that protect the eVLP vaccine platform and
 derivatives thereof. Among these patents are rights that were originally developed at the UPMC (now Sorbonne Universite), for which we hold a world-wide exclusive license to the base technology for the design of an eVLP. 

GBM
 vaccine immunotherapeutic candidate related intellectual property: we own or co-own three patent families which directly address
 our GBM vaccine immunotherapeutic candidate. These patents and applications include claims to compositions of matter and methods
 of treating GBM patients. 

CMV
 vaccine candidate related intellectual property: we own or co-own two patent families which directly address our CMV vaccine candidate.
 These patents and patent applications include a composition of matter patent describing the CMV vaccine candidate as well as a proprietary
 assay used to provide high-throughput screening of anti-CMV vaccine candidate responses. 

19 

HBV
 Immunotherapeutic candidate related intellectual property: we own or co-own two patent families which directly address our HBV immunotherapeutic
 candidate. These patent applications include claims to compositions of matter and methods of treating HBV patients. 

Coronavirus
 vaccine candidate related intellectual property: we own or co-own two patent families which directly addresses our coronavirus vaccine
 candidates. These patent applications include claims to compositions of matter and methods of treating a subject at risk of COVID-19
 infection. 

Lipid
 Particle Vaccines LPV vaccine related intellectual property: we own six patent families which protect our LPV technology
 platform. These patents include the method for manufacturing an LPV so as to confer thermostability, the proprietary ratios of excipients
 and antigens that are required to give rise to a thermostable formulation, and specific parameters required to confer thermostability
 to several distinct classes of vaccine antigens and biologic proteins. 

We
continuously monitor the competitive landscape for infectious disease vaccines to better understand the research,
business, and patent activities of our academic and industrial competitors. This process helps management to understand the competitive
positioning of our pipeline. This knowledge has informed and shaped our patent portfolio, which is designed to protect our proprietary
vaccine technologies and establish a defense against third-party infringement claims. Our licensed patent family relating to virus-like
particles has a patent whose term extends to 2023 in the U.S. Our most recently filed patent family will have a patent term
that extends to 2041. 

Trade
Secrets 

Some
of our know-how and technology is not patentable. To protect our proprietary rights in unpatentable intellectual property and trade secrets,
we require employees, consultants, advisors and collaborators to enter into agreements regarding intellectual property and confidential
information. 

Trademarks 

We
use the PreHevbrio, PreHevbri, and Sci-B-Vac trademarks in connection with our 3-antigen HBV vaccine. These trademarks are registered
in 12 countries. There are two pending marks in the U.S. and one pending mark in Norway. There is one registered European Community
mark. The trademarks are renewable indefinitely, so long as we make the appropriate filings when required. We also have a registration
for the LPV mark in Canada. 

Governmental
Regulation and Product Approval 

Vaccine
development is a highly regulated field. The manufacturing and marketing of our products and product candidates and our ongoing research
and development activities are subject to extensive regulation by the FDA and comparable regulatory agencies of local, state, and foreign
jurisdictions, such as Health Canada in Canada, the EMA in Europe, and the MHRA in the UK. New products must go through extensive pre-clinical
and clinical development prior to product launch. This process can take more than ten years from candidate identification to licensure/marketing
approval by health authorities worldwide. Despite efforts to harmonize regulatory requirements in different jurisdictions, there exists
a divergence of legal and regulatory requirements in different countries and territories. Delays in regulatory approval to move from
one stage of development to another can potentially cause us significant delays and can affect our market capitalization. 

U.S.,
Europe, and Canada Regulatory Agencies 

Before
any of our products can be marketed and sold in the U.S., Europe, or Canada, they must receive approval from the relevant regulatory
agencies, including the FDA, EMA, UK MHRA, and Health Canada. To receive regulatory approvals to market any drug or vaccine, including
those we develop, the products in development must undergo rigorous pre-clinical testing and clinical studies that demonstrate the product s
safety and effectiveness for each indicated use. This extensive regulatory path includes process controls in development, testing, manufacturing,
safety, efficacy, record keeping, labeling, storage, approval, advertising, promotion, sale, and distribution of the pharmaceutical products. 

20 

In
general, before any new pharmaceutical or biological product can be marketed in the mentioned geographical areas, the process typically
required by the regulatory agencies includes: 

Pre-clinical
 toxicology, laboratory, and animal tests; 

submission
 of an investigational new drug application (an IND in the U.S., which must be reviewed by the FDA before
 human clinical trials may begin; submission of a Scientific Advice application to EMA and/or MHRA in Europe; or submission of a Clinical
 Trial Application to Health Canada; 

adequate
 and well-controlled human clinical trials to establish the safety and efficacy of the proposed drug for its intended use; 

pre-approval
 inspection of manufacturing facilities and selected clinical investigator sites; 

submission
 of a NDA, or in the case of a biologics, a BLA, to the FDA, a MAA to the EMA and /or MHRA, or a NDS to Health Canada; and 

FDA
 approval of an NDA, BLA, or a supplement (for subsequent indications or other modifications, including a change in location of the
 manufacturing facility), EMA and/or MHRA approval of a MAA, or Health Canada approval of a NDS. 

Pre-clinical
Testing 

In
the U.S., drug candidates are tested in animals until adequate proof of safety and efficacy is established. These pre-clinical
studies generally evaluate the mechanism of action and pharmacology of the product and assess the potential safety and efficacy of the
product. Tested compounds must be produced according to applicable cGMP requirements and pre-clinical safety tests must be conducted
in compliance with FDA and international regulations regarding good laboratory practices. The results of the pre-clinical tests, together
with manufacturing information and analytical data, are generally submitted to the FDA as part of an IND, which must become effective
before human clinical trials may commence. The IND will automatically become effective 30 days after receipt by the FDA, unless before
that time the FDA requests an extension or raises concerns about the conduct of the clinical trials as outlined in the application. If
the FDA has any concerns, the sponsor of the application and the FDA must resolve those concerns before clinical trials may begin. Regulatory
authorities may require additional pre-clinical data before allowing the clinical studies to commence or proceed from one phase to another,
and could demand that the studies be discontinued or suspended at any time if there are significant safety issues. 

Clinical
Trials 

Clinical
trials for new vaccine drug candidates are typically conducted in three sequential phases that may overlap. In Phase I, the initial introduction
of the vaccine drug candidate into human volunteers, the emphasis is on testing for safety or adverse effects, dosage, tolerance, metabolism,
distribution, excretion, and clinical pharmacology. Phase II involves studies in a limited patient population to determine the initial
efficacy of the vaccine drug candidate for specific targeted indications, to determine dosage tolerance and optimal dosage, and to identify
possible adverse side effects and safety risks. Once a vaccine compound shows evidence of effectiveness and is found to have an acceptable
safety profile in Phase II evaluations, pivotal Phase III trials are undertaken to more fully evaluate clinical outcomes and to establish
the overall risk/benefit profile of the drug, and to provide, if appropriate, an adequate basis for product labeling. During all clinical
trials, physicians will monitor patients to determine the effectiveness of the drug candidate and to observe and report any reactions
or safety risks that may result from use of the vaccine drug candidate. The FDA, the trial sites internal review board, and/or the sponsor
may suspend a clinical trial at any time on various grounds, including a finding that the subjects are being exposed to an unacceptable
health risk. 

21 

Assuming
successful completion of all required testing in accordance with all applicable regulatory requirements, the results of product development,
nonclinical studies and clinical trials are submitted to the FDA as part of a BLA requesting approval to market the product for one or
more indications. The submission of a BLA requires payment of a substantial user fee to the FDA, and the sponsor of an approved BLA is
also subject to annual product and establishment user fees. These fees are typically increased annually. A waiver of user fees may be
obtained under certain limited circumstances. Under applicable laws and FDA regulations, each BLA submitted for FDA approval is usually
given an internal administrative review within 60 days following submission of the BLA. If deemed complete, the FDA will file 
the BLA, thereby triggering substantive review of the application. The FDA may refuse to file any BLA that it deems incomplete or not
properly reviewable. The FDA has established internal substantive review goals of six months for priority BLAs (for biologics addressing
serious or life-threatening conditions for which there is an unmet medical need) and ten months for regular BLAs. However, these are
agency proposed time frames, and so the FDA is not legally required to complete its review within these periods, and these performance
goals may change over time. Moreover, the outcome of the review, even if generally favorable, is not typically an actual approval, but
an action letter that describes additional work that must be done before the BLA can be approved. The FDA s review
of a BLA may involve review and recommendations by an independent FDA advisory committee. The FDA may deny approval of a BLA or BLA supplement
if the applicable regulatory criteria are not satisfied, or the FDA may require additional clinical data and/or an additional pivotal
Phase III clinical study. Even if such data are submitted, the FDA may ultimately decide the BLA does not satisfy its criteria for approval. 

Data
Review and Approval 

Substantial
financial resources are necessary to fund the research, clinical trials, and related activities necessary to satisfy FDA requirements
or similar requirements of state, local, and foreign regulatory agencies. It normally takes many years to satisfy these various legal
and regulatory requirements, assuming they are ever satisfied. Information generated in this process is susceptible to varying interpretations
that could delay, limit, or prevent regulatory approval at any stage of the process. Accordingly, the actual time and expense required
to bring a product to market may vary substantially. We cannot assure you that we will submit applications for required authorizations
to manufacture and/or market potential products or that any such application will be reviewed and approved by the appropriate regulatory
authorities in a timely manner, if at all. Success in early-stage clinical trials does not ensure success in later stage clinical trials.
Even if a product candidate receives regulatory approval, the approval may be significantly limited to specific disease states, patient
populations and dosages, or have conditions placed on it that restrict the commercial applications, advertising, promotion or distribution
of these products. 

Once
issued, the FDA may withdraw product approval if ongoing regulatory standards are not met or if safety problems occur after the product
reaches the market. In addition, the FDA may require testing and surveillance programs to monitor the effect of approved products which
have been commercialized. The FDA also has the power to prevent or limit further marketing of a product based on the results of these
post-marketing programs. The FDA may also request additional clinical trials after a product is approved. These so-called Phase IV studies
may be made a condition to be satisfied after a drug receives approval. The results of Phase IV studies can confirm the effectiveness
of a product candidate and can provide important safety information via the FDA s voluntary adverse drug reaction reporting system.
Any products manufactured or distributed by us pursuant to any FDA approvals would be subject to continuing regulation by the FDA, including
record-keeping requirements and reporting of adverse experiences with the drug. Drug and biologics manufacturers and their subcontractors
are required to register their establishments with the FDA and certain state agencies, and are subject to periodic unannounced inspections
by the FDA and certain state agencies for compliance with cGMP, which impose certain procedural and documentation requirements upon us
and our third-party manufacturers. We cannot be certain that we or our present or future manufacturers or suppliers will be able to comply
with the cGMP regulations and other FDA regulatory requirements. If our present or future manufacturers or suppliers are not able to
comply with these requirements, the FDA may halt our clinical trials, require us to recall a product from distribution, withdraw approval
of the NDA for that drug, or revoke or suspend a biologics license. Furthermore, even after regulatory approval is obtained, later discovery
of previously unknown negative effects of a product may result in restrictions on the product or even its complete withdrawal from the
market. 

22 

The
FDA closely regulates the marketing and promotion of drugs and biologics. Approval is typically subject to post-marketing surveillance
and other record keeping and reporting obligations, and involves ongoing requirements such as post-marketing annual reports and labeling
updates. Product approvals may be withdrawn if compliance with regulatory standards is not maintained or if problems occur following
initial marketing. A company can make only those claims relating to safety and efficacy that are approved by the FDA. Failure to comply
with these requirements can result in adverse publicity, warning letters, corrective advertising and potential civil and/or criminal
penalties. Physicians may prescribe legally available drugs for uses that are not described in the product s labeling and that
differ from those tested by us and approved by the FDA. Such off-label uses are common across medical specialties. Physicians may believe
that such off-label uses are the best treatment for many patients in varied circumstances. The FDA does not regulate the behavior of
physicians in their choice of treatments. The FDA does, however, restrict manufacturers communications on the subject of such
off-label use. 

Post-Approval
Requirements 

Any
products for which we have received, or may, in the future, receive FDA approval are subject to continuing regulation by the FDA, including,
among other things, recordkeeping requirements, reporting of adverse experiences, providing the FDA with updated safety and efficacy
information, product sampling and distribution requirements, and complying with FDA promotion and advertising requirements, which include,
among others, standards for direct-to-consumer advertising, restrictions on promoting products for uses or in patient populations that
are not described in the product s approved uses (known as off-label use), limitations on industry-sponsored scientific
and educational activities, and requirements for promotional activities involving the Internet. The FDA and other agencies actively enforce
the laws and regulations prohibiting the promotion of off-label uses, and a company that is found to have improperly promoted off-label
uses may be subject to significant liability. If there are any modifications to the product, including changes in indications, labeling
or manufacturing processes or facilities, the applicant may be required to submit and obtain FDA approval of a new BLA or a supplement,
which may require the applicant to develop additional data or conduct additional pre-clinical studies and clinical trials. Further, if
there are any modifications to the product, including changes in indications, labeling or manufacturing processes or facilities, the
applicant may be required to submit and obtain FDA approval of a new BLA or a BLA supplement, which may require the applicant to develop
additional data or conduct additional pre-clinical studies and clinical trials. The FDA may also place other conditions on approvals
including the requirement for a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategies (or REMS to assure the safe use of the product,
which may require substantial commitment of resources post-approval to ensure compliance. A REMS could include medication guides, physician
communication plans or elements to assure safe use, such as restricted distribution methods, patient registries and other risk minimization
tools. Any of these limitations on approval or marketing could restrict the commercial promotion, distribution, prescription or dispensing
of products. Product approvals may be withdrawn for non-compliance with regulatory standards or if problems occur following initial marketing. 

In
addition, quality control and manufacturing procedures must continue to conform to applicable manufacturing requirements after approval
to ensure the quality and long-term stability of commercial products. We expect to rely on third parties for the production of clinical
and commercial quantities of our products in accordance with cGMP regulations. The cGMP regulations include requirements relating to
organization of personnel, buildings and facilities, equipment, control of components and drug product containers and closures, production
and process controls, packaging and labeling controls, holding and distribution, laboratory controls, records and reports and returned
or salvaged products. We rely, and expect to continue to rely, on third parties for the production of clinical and commercial quantities
of our products in accordance with cGMP regulations. These manufacturers must comply with cGMP regulations that require, among other
things, quality control and quality assurance, the maintenance of records and documentation and the obligation to investigate and correct
any deviations from cGMP. Manufacturers and other entities involved in the manufacture and distribution of approved products are required
to register their establishments with the FDA and certain state agencies and are subject to periodic unannounced inspections by the FDA
and certain state agencies for compliance with cGMP and other laws. Accordingly, manufacturers must continue to expend time, money, and
effort in the area of production and quality control to maintain cGMP compliance. Future inspections by the FDA and other regulatory
agencies may identify compliance issues at the facilities of our CMOs that may disrupt production or distribution or require substantial
resources to correct. In addition, the discovery of conditions that violate these rules, including failure to conform to cGMP regulations,
could result in enforcement actions, and the discovery of problems with a product after approval may result in restrictions on a product,
manufacturer, or holder of an approved BLA, including, among other things, voluntary recall and regulatory sanctions as described below. 

23 

Once
an approval or clearance of a drug is granted, the FDA may withdraw the approval if compliance with regulatory requirements and standards
is not maintained or if problems occur after the product reaches the market. Later discovery of previously unknown problems with a product,
including adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency, or with manufacturing processes, or failure to comply with regulatory
requirements, may result in mandatory revisions to the approved labeling to add new safety information; imposition of post-market or
clinical trials to assess new safety risks; or imposition of distribution or other restrictions under a REMS program. Other potential
consequences include, among other things: 

restrictions
 on the marketing or manufacturing of the product, complete withdrawal of the product from the market or product recalls; 

fines,
 warning letters or other enforcement-related letters or clinical holds on post-approval clinical trials; 

refusal
 of the FDA to approve pending BLAs or supplements to approved BLAs, or suspension or revocation of product approvals; 

product
 seizure or detention, or refusal to permit the import or export of products; 

injunctions
 or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties; and 

consent
 decrees, corporate integrity agreements, debarment, or exclusion from federal health care programs; or mandated modification of promotional
 materials and labeling and the issuance of corrective information. 

In
addition, the Drug Supply Chain Security Act, or DSCSA, was enacted with the aim of building an electronic system to identify and
trace certain prescription drugs distributed in the U.S., including most biological products. The DSCSA mandates phased-in and
resource-intensive obligations for pharmaceutical manufacturers, wholesale distributors, and dispensers over a 10-year period that
is expected to culminate in November 2023. From time to time, new legislation and regulations may be implemented that could
significantly change the statutory provisions governing the approval, manufacturing and marketing of products regulated by the FDA.
It is impossible to predict whether further legislative or regulatory changes will be enacted, or FDA regulations, guidance or
interpretations changed or what the impact of such changes, if any, may be. 

Coverage,
Pricing and Reimbursement 

The
commercial success of any biopharmaceutical products approved by the FDA depends in significant part on the availability of third-party
coverage and adequate reimbursement for the products. 

In
the U.S., third-party payors include government healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, private health insurers,
managed care plans, and other organizations. These third-party payors are increasingly challenging the price and examining the cost-effectiveness
of medical products and services. Significant uncertainty exists regarding coverage and reimbursement for newly approved healthcare products.
Coverage does not ensure adequate reimbursement. It is time-consuming and expensive to seek coverage and reimbursement from third-party
payors. Third-party payors may limit coverage to specific products on an approved list, or formulary, which might not include all of
the approved products for a particular indication or utilize other mechanisms to manage utilization (such as requiring prior authorization
for coverage for a product for use in a particular patient). Limits on coverage may impact demand for our products. Even if coverage
is obtained, third-party reimbursement may not be adequate to allow us to sell our products on a competitive and profitable basis. As
result, we may not be sufficient to maintain price levels high enough to realize an appropriate return on investment in product development. 

24 

Biologics
Price Competition and Innovation Act of 2009 (BPCIA) 

Under
the Federal Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (the Affordable Care Act ), enacted in 2010, and specifically, the
Biologics Price Competition and Innovation Act of 2009 (BPCIA) included therein, there is an abbreviated path in the United States for
regulatory approval of biosimilar versions of approved biological products. The Affordable Care Act provides a regulatory mechanism that
enables FDA approval of biologic drugs that are similar to (but not exact copies of) innovative drugs on the basis of less extensive
data than is required by a full BLA. Under this regulation, an application for approval of a biosimilar may not be filed until four years
after marketing approval of the innovator product. Pioneer innovative biological products will receive 12 years of regulatory exclusivity,
meaning that the FDA will not approve a biosimilar version until 12 years after the innovative biological product was first approved
by the FDA. 

Fast
Track Approval 

The
Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act FDCA ), as amended, and the related FDA regulations provide certain mechanisms for
the accelerated Fast Track approval of potential products intended to treat serious or life-threatening illnesses which
have demonstrated the potential to address unmet medical needs. These procedures permit early consultation and commitment from the FDA
regarding the pre-clinical and clinical studies necessary to gain marketing approval. Provisions of this regulatory framework also permit,
in certain cases, BLAs to be approved on the basis of valid indirect measurements of benefit of product effectiveness, thus accelerating
the normal approval process. In the future, certain potential products employing our technology might qualify for this accelerated regulatory
procedure. Even if the FDA agrees that these potential products qualify for accelerated approval procedures, FDA may deny approval of
our drugs or may require additional studies before approval. The FDA may also require us to perform post-approval, or Phase IV, studies
as a condition of such early approval. In addition, the FDA may impose restrictions on distribution and/or promotion in connection with
any accelerated approval, and may withdraw approval if post-approval studies do not confirm the intended clinical benefit or safety of
the potential product. 

Orphan
Drug Designation 

Under
the Orphan Drug Act, the FDA may grant orphan drug designation to drugs or biologics intended to treat a rare disease or condition, which
is generally a disease or condition that affects fewer than 200,000 individuals in the U.S. Orphan drug designation must be
requested before submitting a BLA. After the FDA grants orphan drug designation, the identity of the therapeutic agent and its potential
orphan use are disclosed publicly by the FDA. Orphan drug designation does not convey any advantage in or shorten the duration of the
regulatory review and approval process. If a product that has orphan drug designation subsequently receives FDA approval for the disease
for which it has such designation, the product is entitled to orphan product exclusivity, which means that FDA may not approve any other
applications to market the same drug for the same disease, except in very limited circumstances, for seven years. These very limited
circumstances are (i) an inability to supply the drug in sufficient quantities or (ii) a situation in which a new formulation of the
drug has shown superior safety or efficacy. This exclusivity, however, also could block the approval of our product for seven years if
a competitor obtains earlier approval of the same drug for the same indication. 

Foreign
Regulation 

In
addition to regulations in the U.S., we are and will continue to be subject to a variety of laws and regulations governing clinical
trials, commercial sales, and distribution of our products in foreign countries. Whether or not we obtain FDA approval, we must separately
obtain approval for clinical trials or a marketing authorization by the comparable regulatory authorities of those foreign countries
before we may commence clinical trials or marketing of the product in those countries. The approval process varies from country to country,
and the time may be longer or shorter than that required for FDA approval. The requirements governing the conduct of clinical trials,
product licensing, pricing and reimbursement vary greatly from country to country. 

25 

Legal
and compliance landscapes, as well as the policies of the FDA and foreign regulatory authorities may change and additional government
regulations may be enacted which could prevent or delay regulatory approval of our products and could also increase the cost of regulatory
compliance. We cannot predict the likelihood, nature or extent of adverse governmental regulation that might arise from future legislative
or administrative action, either in the U.S. or abroad. 

Under
the applicable EU regulatory regime, we may submit marketing authorization applications (MAAs) either under a centralized or decentralized
procedure (which also includes the mutual recognition procedure available for companies who already hold national licenses). The decentralized
procedures provide for mutual recognition of national approval decisions. These authorizations provide marketing authorizations. The
centralized procedure, which is available for medicines, inter alia, produced by biotechnology, intended to treat specific illnesses,
or which are highly innovative, provides for the grant of a single marketing authorization that is valid for all EU member states (as
well as in Northern Ireland and the EEA countries of Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway). 

The
procedure for obtaining marketing authorizations in the United Kingdom has been affected by Brexit, which took place on January 31, 2020.
A transitional period was in place until December 31, 2020, during which time regulation of pharmaceuticals was still governed by EU
law. As of January 1, 2021, the UK MHRA has implemented new procedures for MAAs. Among these new procedures is a Great Britain marketing
authorization that relies on a decision taken by the European Commission EC in respect of a marketing authorization for
the same product in the centralized procedure. This route the EC decision reliance procedure ECDRP is
currently available to all authorizations approved in the centralized procedure. 

Other
Government Regulation 

Our
research and development activities use biological and hazardous materials that may be dangerous to human health and safety or the environment.
We are subject to a variety of federal, provincial, state and local laws and regulations governing the use, generation, manufacture,
storage, handling and disposal of these materials and wastes resulting from these materials. We are also subject to regulation by the
Occupational Safety and Health Administration and federal, provincial and state environmental protection agencies and to regulation under
the Toxic Substances Control Act. 

In
addition, in the U.S., we may be subject to various federal and state laws and regulations regarding fraud and abuse in the
healthcare industry, as well as industry standards and guidance, such as the codes issued by the Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers
of America (or PhRMA Codes ), which some states reference or incorporate in their statutes and regulations. These laws,
regulations, standards, and guidance may impact, among other things, our sales and marketing activities and our relationships with healthcare
providers and patients. In addition, we may be subject to patient privacy regulation by both the federal government and the states in
which we conduct our business. These federal laws include, by way of example, the following: 

The
 anti-kickback statute (Section 1128B(b) of the Social Security Act) which prohibits certain business practices and relationships
 that might affect the provision and cost of healthcare services reimbursable under Medicare, Medicaid and other federal healthcare
 programs, including the payment or receipt of remuneration for the referral of patients whose care will be paid by Medicare or other
 governmental programs; 

The
 physician self-referral prohibition (Ethics in Patient Referral Act of 1989, as amended, commonly referred to as the Stark Law, Section
 1877 of the Social Security Act), which prohibits referrals by physicians of Medicare or Medicaid patients to providers of a broad
 range of designated healthcare services in which the physicians (or their immediate family members) have ownership interests or with
 which they have certain other financial arrangements; 

The
 anti-inducement law (Section 1128A(a)(5) of the Social Security Act), which prohibits providers from offering anything to a Medicare
 or Medicaid beneficiary to induce that beneficiary to use items or services covered by either program; 

The
 False Claims Act (31 U.S.C. 3729 et seq.), which prohibits any person from knowingly presenting or causing to be presented
 false or fraudulent claims for payment to the federal government (including the Medicare and Medicaid programs); and 

The
 Civil Monetary Penalties Law (Section 1128A of the Social Security Act), which authorizes the U.S. Department of Health
 and Human Services to impose civil penalties administratively for fraudulent or abusive acts. 

26 

These
laws also impose an affirmative duty on those receiving Medicare or Medicaid funding to ensure that they do not employ or contract with
persons excluded from Medicare and other government programs. Due to the breadth of some of these laws, it is possible that some of our
current or future practices might be challenged under one or more of these laws. In addition, there can be no assurance that we would
not be required to alter one or more of our practices to comply with these laws. Evolving interpretations of current laws or the adoption
of new federal or state laws or regulations could adversely affect the arrangements we may have with sales personnel, healthcare providers,
and patients. Our risk of being found in violation of these laws is increased by the fact that some of these laws are open to a variety
of interpretations. If our past or present operations, practices, or activities are found to be in violation of any of the laws described
above or any other governmental regulations that apply to us, we may be subject to penalties, including civil and criminal penalties,
exclusion from participation in government healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, imprisonment, damages, fines, disgorgement,
contractual remedies, reputational harm, diminished profits, and future earnings, if any, and the curtailment or restructuring of our
operations, any of which could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our results of operations. 

Available
Information 

Our
Internet website can be found at www.vbivaccines.com. The information on, or that can be accessed through, our website is not part of
this report. We are subject to the information and periodic reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended,
and, in accordance therewith, we file periodic reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. You may access our Annual
Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished
pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, free of charge at our website as soon as reasonably
practicable after the material is electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. 

ITEM
1A: RISK FACTORS 

We
are subject to various risks that may materially harm our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. An investment
in our common shares is speculative and involves a high degree of risk. In evaluating an investment in our common shares, you should
carefully consider the risks described below, together with the other information included in this Form 10-K, including the consolidated
financial statements and related notes. 

The
risks described below are not the only risks we face. If any of the events described in the following risk factors actually occurs, or
if additional risks and uncertainties later materialize, that are not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial, then
our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. In that event, the trading
price of our common shares could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment in our shares. The risks discussed below include
forward-looking statements, and our actual results may differ substantially from those discussed in these forward-looking statements. 

Summary
of Risk Factors 

Below
is a summary of the principal factors that make an investment in our common shares speculative or risky. This summary does not address
all of the risks that we face. Additional discussion of the risks summarized in this risk factor summary, and other risks that we face,
can be found below under the heading Risk Factors and should be carefully considered, together with other information in
this Form 10-K and our other filings with the SEC, before making an investment decision regarding our common shares. 

We
 have a history of operating losses, and we cannot guarantee that we can ever achieve sustained profitability; 

27 

We
 will need additional financing to continue our operations. If we are unable to obtain additional financing on acceptable terms, we
 may have to curtail or cease our development plans and operations; 

Our
 success is dependent on achieving and sustaining commercial success of PreHevbrio in the U.S. and Canada, and PreHevbri in
 Europe; 

Our
 success is dependent on the successful clinical development, regulatory approval, and commercialization of our pipeline candidates,
 which will require significant time and resources; 

We
 may not be able to secure sufficient supplies of materials, or the services of third parties, which we require to advance the development
 and commercialization of our products; 

We
 face intense competition and rapid technological change, which may make it more difficult to achieve significant market penetration.
 If we cannot compete successfully for market share against other drug companies, we may not achieve sufficient product revenues and
 our business will suffer; 

We
 may be unable to satisfy our contractual obligations or meet expected deadlines; 

We
 depend or may depend on third parties to conduct clinical trials, commercialize and/or manufacture our product candidates; 

We
 manufacture clinical and commercial supplies of our 3-antigen HBV vaccine and VBI-2601 at a single location. Any disruption in the
 operations of our manufacturing facility could adversely affect our business and results of operations; 

Our
 success depends on our ability to maintain the proprietary nature of our technology. 

Risks
Related to Development and Commercialization of Product and our Pipeline Programs 

The coronavirus pandemic and its ongoing effects have caused interruptions
or delays of our business plan and may have a significant adverse effect on our business. 

In
December 2019, a strain of coronavirus, SARS-CoV-2, was reported to have surfaced in Wuhan, China, and on March 12, 2020, the World Health
Organization WHO declared COVID-19, disease caused by SARS-CoV-2, to be a pandemic. The government-imposed precautionary
measures have been relaxed in certain countries or states as COVID-19 cases have lessened, but there is no assurance that more strict
measures will not be put in place again due to a future COVID-19 outbreaks. 

We have three ongoing clinical
studies being conducted, by us or our partners, at clinical sites worldwide: 1) the Phase II study of VBI-2601 and BRII-835 (VIR-2218)
at multiple study sites in Asia Pacific countries; 2) the Phase IIa/IIb study of VBI-2601 at multiple study sites in Asian Pacific countries;
and 3) the Phase I clinical study of VBI-2901 in Canada. In addition to the active studies, we have several planned clinical studies expected
to begin in 2023, including two additional studies with VBI-1901. The enrollment of patients at some of the clinical sites in our studies
has in the past been suspended, and may again be suspended in the future due to the COVID-19 pandemic, and enrollment of patients at other
clinical sites may be suspended or delayed as hospitals and clinics where we are conducting or planning to conduct clinical trials may
reallocate resources and limit access to or close clinical facilities due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Additionally, if our trial participants
are unable to travel to or visit our clinical study sites as a result of quarantines or other restrictions resulting from the COVID-19
pandemic, we could experience higher drop-out rates or delays in our clinical studies. Government-imposed quarantines, shelter-in-place
and similar restrictions may also require us to temporarily close our clinical sites, research laboratories, or manufacturing facility.
Furthermore, if we determine that our trial participants may suffer from exposure to COVID-19 as a result of their participation in our
clinical trials, we may voluntarily close certain clinical sites as a safety measure until we reasonably believe that the likelihood of
exposure has subsided. As a result, our expected development timelines for VBI-2601, VBI-1901, our coronavirus vaccine candidates (VBI-2900),
and possibly our regulatory timelines for our 3-antigen HBV vaccine, in regions other than U.S., Europe and Canada may be negatively impacted. 

In addition, during the years
2020 through 2022, measures taken to reduce exposure to COVID-19 and restrictions on our ability to travel, stay-at-home orders and other
similar restrictions on our business limited the number of employees on sight at our manufacturing facility and our research and development
laboratories and our ability to support our operations. 

28 

The
COVID-19 pandemic has materially negatively affected the global economy, and the ongoing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, including
but not limited to, supply chain issues, global shortages of supplies, materials and products, volatile market conditions and rising
global inflation, continue to do so. As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, the Company s business and results of operations were
adversely affected and, as the ongoing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic continue to impact the global economy, may continue to adversely
affect our business and results of operations. The extent to which the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic will continue to impact our business
will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. We do not yet know the full extent of potential
delays or impacts on our business, our clinical studies, our research programs, the recoverability of our assets, and our manufacturing;
however, the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic may continue to disrupt or delay our business operations, including with respect to efforts
relating to potential business development transactions, and it could continue to disrupt the marketplace which could have an adverse
effect on our operations. 

PreHevbrio
is VBI s first commercial product in the U.S. and we may not achieve and sustain commercial success in the U.S. 

We received FDA approval for
PreHevbrio in the U.S. in November 2021 and commercially launched the vaccine at the end of the first quarter of 2022. Successful
commercialization of PreHevbrio in the U.S. will require significant resources, time, expertise, and experience. Despite the
establishment of sales, marketing, market access, and medical capabilities as part of the partnership with Syneos, because this is
VBI s first marketed product in the U.S., we may not be able to successfully commercialize PreHevbrio. 

Successful
commercialization of PreHevbrio will also require that we enter into contracts with third-party logistics companies, wholesales, distributors,
group purchasing organizations, and other institutions and potential distribution and marketing partners, and that we successfully maintain
those relationships and contracts. We may not complete, or complete in a timely manner, or maintain all of these critical contracts,
which may result in us not achieving successful commercialization of PreHevbrio. 

Additional
factors that may affect our ability to successfully commercialize PreHevbrio include: 

Our
 ability and the ability of Syneos to recruit and retain employees with the right expertise and experience; 

Our
 ability to access and develop relationships with key healthcare providers and public health agencies; 

Our
 ability to compete successfully as a new entrant in established distribution channels for vaccine products; and 

Our
 ability to maintain sufficient funding to cover the costs and expenses associated with building and operating an effective commercial
 organization. 

29 

Successful commercialization
of our 3-antigen HBV vaccine and our pipeline candidates face significant obstacles, including establishing complex commercial capabilities
or partnerships and obtaining regulatory approvals. We may not be able to achieve and sustain commercial success and/or we may fail to
obtain regulatory approval in foreign jurisdictions which will prevent us from marketing or selling our products in such jurisdictions. 

Our 3-antigen HBV vaccine is approved
for sale in the U.S. and Canada (brand name PreHevbrio), in the EU/EEA and UK (brand name PreHevbri), and in Israel (brand name Sci-B-Vac).
In countries where we have obtained the required regulatory approvals, we will require significant resources, partnerships, time, expertise,
and experience to be commercially successful. For the UK and certain EU countries, initially including Sweden, Norway, Denmark, Finland,
Belgium, the Netherlands, we are partnering with Valneva SE for the marketing and distribution of PreHevbri. Although we selected Valneva
based on their local knowledge, experience, and relationships in each of the aforementioned European countries, because this is the first
vaccine to be marketed and distributed as part of this partnership, there is no assurance that our partnership will be successful, and
we and Valneva may not be able to successfully commercialize PreHevbri in such countries. 

In
international countries outside of the Valneva partnership, successful commercialization of our 3-antigen HBV vaccine and our pipeline
candidates will require us to identify and establish additional partnerships or the required resources, experience, and expertise. There
is no guarantee that we will be able to do so. 

In
countries where we do not currently have the required approvals, we will need to obtain separate approvals from the relevant regulatory,
pricing, and reimbursement authorities to market or sell our 3-antigen HBV vaccine or any of our pipeline candidates. Pursuing regulatory
approvals will be time-consuming and expensive, and we may not obtain foreign regulatory approvals on a timely basis, if at all. The
regulations vary among countries, and regulatory authorities in one market may require different or additional clinical trials than those
required to obtain approval in another market, and the time required to obtain approval may differ in one market from that required to
obtain approval in another market. Obtaining approval in one country does not ensure approval by regulatory authorities in other countries. 

In
addition, for our pipeline programs, we have limited international regulatory, clinical, and commercial resources. We entered into a
collaborative relationship with Brii Bio for development of a HBV recombinant protein-based immunotherapeutic in the Licensed Territory,
and may plan to do so with other pipeline candidates in the future, and, as such, current and future partners are critical to our international
success. We may not be able to maintain current, or enter into future, collaboration agreements with appropriate partners for important
foreign markets on acceptable terms, if at all. Current and future collaborations with foreign partners may not be effective or profitable. 

Our
pursuit of coronavirus vaccine candidates is ongoing, and we may be unable to produce a vaccine that successfully provides protection
against the virus in a relevant manner, if at all, or our product(s) may be obsolete by the time they are approved for marketing, if
ever. 

In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, and in collaboration with the NRC,
the Minister, and CEPI, we have worked to advance the development of our VBI-2900 program coronavirus candidates, including VBI-2901,
VBI-2902, and VBI-2905. Our development of the monovalent vaccine candidates VBI-2902 and VBI-2905 are in the early clinical stage and
our development of our multivalent coronavirus vaccines VBI-2901 is also in the clinical stage; we may be unable to develop a vaccine
that successfully and safely protects against the viruses in a timely manner, if at all. In addition,
the SARS-CoV-2 virus has mutated as it has spread leading to several variants, including the Alpha, Beta, Gamma, Delta, and Omicron variants,
and new variants may continue to emerge. Given the evolution of the virus and the current and potential emergence of new dominant variants,
the vaccine candidates that we are developing could become irrelevant if they do not work as effectively as other vaccines against then
dominant variants. Furthermore, even if we successfully develop a vaccine, we may encounter difficulties developing and scaling
up manufacturing processes suitable for production of sufficient supply for our clinical trials or for commercialization in a cost-effective
manner. Due to the number of COVID-19 vaccine candidates in clinical trials, we may also encounter difficulty locating clinical sites
with capacity to conduct clinical trials, and therefore, we may experience delays in initiating or enrolling clinical trials of our vaccine
candidate. We are also committing financial resources and personnel to the development of a coronavirus vaccine, which may cause delays
in or otherwise negatively impact our other development programs, despite uncertainties surrounding the longevity and extent of coronavirus
as a global health concern. Our business could be negatively impacted by our allocation of significant resources to a global health threat
that is unpredictable and could rapidly dissipate or against which our vaccine, if developed, may not be partially or fully effective. 

30 

There continue to be ongoing
efforts by public and private entities to develop vaccines against COVID-19, including from large, multinational pharmaceutical companies
such as AstraZeneca, GSK, Johnson Johnson, Moderna, Pfizer, Janssen, Novavax, and Sanofi, some of which have vaccines that are currently approved, authorized for emergency use, or have candidates that are at more advanced stage of development than our
coronavirus vaccine candidates. It
is possible that additional vaccines developed by such large, multinational pharmaceutical companies may receive further approvals and
authorizations in the near term. These entities may develop COVID-19 vaccines that are more effective than any COVID-19 vaccine we may
develop, may develop a COVID-19 vaccine that becomes the standard of care, may develop a COVID-19 vaccine at a lower cost or earlier
than we are able to develop any COVID-19 vaccine, or may be more successful at commercializing a COVID-19 vaccine. Many of these other
organizations are much larger than we are and have access to larger pools of capital, and as such, are able to fund and carry-on larger
research and development initiatives. Such other entities may have greater development capabilities than we do and have substantially
greater experience in undertaking nonclinical and clinical testing of vaccine candidates, obtaining regulatory approvals and manufacturing
and marketing pharmaceutical products. Our competitors may also have greater name recognition and better access to customers. 

In
addition to competing vaccines and therapeutics that could reduce the commercial opportunity for our coronavirus vaccine candidates,
once approved (if ever), the end of the public health emergency declared in connection with COVID-19 in the U.S. (and similar statuses
of analogous foreign declarations) could ultimately render our product candidates obsolete to some degree, which could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. Moreover, if we experience delayed regulatory
approvals or disputed clinical claims, we may not have a commercial or clinical advantage over competitors products. The success
or failure of other entities, or perceived success or failure, may adversely impact our ability to obtain any future funding for our
vaccine development efforts or for us to ultimately commercialize and market any vaccine candidate, if approved. In addition, we may
not be able to compete effectively if our product candidates do not satisfy government procurement requirements with respect to biodefense
products. 

We
rely on government and non-government organization grants or subsidies to contribute to our coronavirus vaccine development program.
If we are unable to satisfy our contractual obligations or meet expected deadlines, the development of the coronavirus vaccine candidates
may be extended, delayed, modified, or terminated and we may be required to repay all or part of the grants or subsidies. 

On
September 16, 2020, we signed the Contribution Agreement with the Minister whereby the Minister agreed to contribute up to CAD 56 million
from the SIF to support the development of our coronavirus vaccine program, VBI-2900, though the Project. In an amendment to the Contribution
Agreement signed on March 28, 2022, we agreed to complete the Project, to be conducted exclusively in Canada except as permitted otherwise
under certain circumstances, in or before December 31, 2023 . In an event of default, subject
to a rectification period available in certain circumstances, among other things, the Minister may (i) suspend or terminate its contribution
to the Project, or (ii) require repayment of all or part of the contribution paid by the Minster, together with interest from the day
of demand at the interest rate set forth in the Contribution Agreement. As a result, if we default on our obligations under the Contribution
Agreement, we may not have sufficient funds available to continue the development of our coronavirus vaccine program, and we cannot be
certain that we will be able to obtain additional capital to fund the program. In addition, we may be required to repay the grants made
under the Contribution Agreement, which would harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

31 

Furthermore, in connection with execution of the Contribution Agreement,
we obtained a consent from K2HV, as administrative agent for the lenders and a lender, pursuant to the Loan Agreement. Pursuant to the
consent, certain events of default that result in contributions made under the Contribution Agreement in excess of 500,000 becoming due
and payable could result in an event of default under the Loan Agreement. 

On March 9, 2021, we signed the CEPI Funding Agreement with the CEPI whereby
CEPI agreed to contribute up to 33 million to support the advancement of our eVLP vaccine candidates against SARS-CoV-2 including the
advancement of VBI-2905 through Phase I clinical development. On December 6, 2022, we and CEPI entered into the CEPI Amendment, which,
among other things, expanded the scope of the CEPI Funding Agreement to advance the development of multivalent coronavirus shots that
could be deployed against COVID-19 as well as a future Coronavirus X . We agreed to use commercially reasonable efforts to
fulfill our obligations, including achieving certain objectives and timelines within the agreed timeframe laid out in the CEPI Funding
Agreement, as amended by the CEPI Amendment. If we are unable to achieve such objectives or timelines, or if CEPI determines that we are
unable to meet our obligations under the CEPI Funding Agreement or the CEPI Amendment, subject to certain conditions, CEPI may choose
not to provide additional tranches of funding, to provide less funding, or to terminate the CEPI Funding Agreement .
If CEPI terminates the CEPI Funding Agreement, CEPI will not be required to make any further payments to us, and we will be required to
return any CEPI funds that are unspent, subject to certain limitations. If CEPI terminates the CEPI Funding Agreement or chooses not to
provide additional tranches of funding, or to provide less funding than expected, this could have a material adverse impact on our business,
results of operations, financial condition, and prospects. 

Government
involvement may limit the commercial success of our coronavirus vaccine candidates. 

The
coronavirus pandemic has been classified as a pandemic by public health authorities, and it is possible that one or more government entities
may take actions that directly or indirectly have the effect of abrogating some of our rights or opportunities. In particular, the Government
of Canada has announced that foreign investments into Canada will be subject to enhanced review under the Investment Canada Act, particularly
foreign direct investments in Canadian businesses that are related to public health or involved in the supply of critical goods and services
to Canadians or to the government. If we were to develop a coronavirus vaccine, the economic value of such a vaccine to us could be affected
by these measures. 

Various
government entities, including the U.S., Israeli, and Canadian governments, are offering incentives, grants, and contracts to encourage
additional investment by commercial organizations into preventative and therapeutic agents against coronavirus, which may have the effect
of increasing the number of competitors and/or providing advantages to known competitors. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that
we will be able to successfully establish a competitive market share, if any, for our coronavirus vaccine even if we succeed in developing
one. 

Furthermore,
government grants and subsidies may limit our ability to develop and manufacture our coronavirus vaccine candidates in the most efficient
way. For example, under the terms of the Contribution Agreement, we are required to conduct Phase II studies of our coronavirus vaccine
program in Canada, unless permitted otherwise. As a result of such limitations, we may be unable to pursue the most efficient or profitable
path in developing our coronavirus vaccine program. 

32 

If
we are successful in producing a vaccine against COVID-19 or more broadly, coronaviruses, we may need to devote significant resources
to its scale-up and development including for use by the Canadian or the U.S. government. 

In
the event that the pre-clinical and clinical trials for our coronavirus vaccine candidates are perceived to be successful, we may need
to work toward the large-scale technical development, manufacturing scale-up and larger scale deployment of this potential vaccine through
a variety of U.S. government mechanisms such as an Expanded Access Program or an Emergency Use Authorization program or Canadian government
programs. In this case we may need to divert significant resources to this program, which would require diversion of resources from our
other programs. In addition, since the path to licensure of any vaccine against coronavirus is accelerated, if use of the vaccine is
mandated by the Canadian or the U.S. government, we may have a widely used vaccine in circulation in Canada, the U.S. or another
country prior to our full validation of the overall long-term safety and efficacy profile of our vaccine platform and technology. Unexpected
safety issues in these circumstances could lead to significant reputational damage for us and our technology platform going forward and
other issues, including delays in our other programs, the need for re-design of our clinical trials and the need for significant additional
financial resources. Also, under the Contribution Agreement, if we are unable to provide a sufficient Canadian-sourced supply of the
COVID-19 vaccine, the Minster may require us to grant a license on commercially reasonable terms to use our intellectual property to
the extent necessary to ensure such supply. This provision may inhibit us from pursuing more profitable means of manufacturing and commercializing
our coronavirus vaccine candidates. 

Because
our product development efforts depend on new and rapidly evolving technologies, we cannot be certain that our efforts will be successful. 

Our
product development efforts depend on new, rapidly evolving technologies and on the marketability and profitability of our products.
Commercialization of our vaccines could fail for a variety of reasons, and include the possibility that: 

Our
 3-antigen HBV vaccine may not be commercially successful; 

our
 coronavirus vaccine candidates may not be effective or may not be developed in a timely manner, if at all; 

our
 eVLP vaccine technologies, any or all of the products based on such technologies or our manufacturing process may be ineffective
 or unsafe, or otherwise fail to receive necessary regulatory clearances or achieve commercial viability; 

we
 or Brii Bio may be unable to successfully carry out the development and commercialization plans under the License Agreement, as amended; 

we
 may be unable to develop a scale-up method for our manufacturing protocols in a timely and cost-effective manner; 

the
 products, if safe and effective, may be difficult to manufacture on a large-scale or may be uneconomical to market; 

our
 subcontracted third-party manufacturing facilities may fail to continue to pass regulatory inspections; 

proprietary
 rights of third parties may prevent us or our collaborators from exploiting technologies, and manufacturing or marketing products;
 and 

third-party
 competitors may gain greater market share due to superior products or marketing capabilities. 

33 

Pre-clinical
and clinical trials will be lengthy and expensive. Delays in clinical trials are common for many reasons and any such delays could result
in increased costs to us and jeopardize or delay our ability to obtain regulatory approval and commence product sales as currently contemplated. 

As
part of the regulatory process, we must conduct clinical trials for each vaccine candidate to demonstrate safety and efficacy to the
satisfaction of the regulatory authorities, including the FDA for the U.S., the EMA for the EU, the MHRA for UK, and Health Canada for
Canada. Clinical trials are subject to current Good Clinical Practice regulations cGCP ). cGCPs are rigorous practices
that are incorporated into the FDA s clinical trial regulatory requirements and are expensive and time-consuming to design and
implement. We may experience delays in clinical trials for any of our pipeline candidates, and the projected timelines for continued
development of the technologies and related pipeline candidates by us may otherwise be subject to delay or suspension. Our planned clinical
trials might not begin on time; may be interrupted, delayed, suspended, or terminated once commenced; might need to be redesigned; might
not enroll a sufficient number of patients; or might not be completed on schedule, if at all. Clinical trials can be delayed for a variety
of reasons, including the following: 

delays
 in obtaining regulatory approval to commence a trial; 

imposition
 of a clinical hold following an inspection of our clinical trial operations or trial sites by the FDA or other regulatory authorities; 

imposition
 of a clinical hold because of safety or efficacy concerns by the FDA, or other regulatory authorities, a data safety monitoring board
 or committee, a clinical trial site s institutional review board, or us; 

delays
 in reaching agreement on acceptable terms with prospective CROs and clinical trial sites; 

delays
 in obtaining required institutional review board approval at each site for clinical trial protocols; 

delays
 in identifying, recruiting, and training suitable clinical investigators; 

delays
 in recruiting suitable patients to participate in a trial; 

delays
 in having patients complete participation in a trial or return for post-treatment follow-up; 

clinical
 sites dropping out of a trial to the detriment of enrollment; 

time
 required to add new sites; 

34 

delays
 in obtaining sufficient supplies of clinical trial materials, including comparator drugs; 

delays
 resulting from negative or equivocal findings of a data safety monitoring board for a trial; or 

adverse
 or inconclusive results from pre-clinical testing or clinical trials. 

Patient
enrollment, a significant factor in the timing of clinical trials, is affected by many factors, including the size and nature of the
patient population, the proximity of patients to clinical sites, the eligibility criteria for the trial, the design of the clinical trial,
competing clinical trials, and clinicians and patients perceptions as to the potential advantages of the investigational
drug being studied in relation to other available therapies, including any new drugs that may be approved for the indications we are
investigating. Any of these delays in completing our clinical trials could increase costs, slow down the product development and approval
process, and jeopardize our ability to commence product sales and generate revenue. 

Development
of sufficient and appropriate clinical protocols to demonstrate safety and efficacy are required, and we may not adequately develop such
protocols to support approval. 

In
addition to FDA requirements and those of other regulatory authorities, an independent institutional review board or an independent ethics
committee at each medical institution proposing to participate in the conduct of the clinical trial generally must review and approve
the clinical trial design and patient informed consent form before commencement of the study at the respective medical institution. The
institutional review boards approve the clinical trial protocols and conduct periodic reviews of the clinical trials. The clinical trial
protocols describe the type of people who may participate in the clinical trial, the schedule of tests and procedures, the medications
and dosages to be studied, the length of the study, the study s objectives, and other details. In general, the institutional review
board will consider, among other matters, ethical factors, the safety of human subjects and the possibility of liability of the institution
conducting the trial. Our pre-clinical studies may not be adequate proof of safety and efficacy, and as a result, we may not be successful
in developing clinical trial protocols necessary to support institutional review board approval. Any delay or failure to obtain institutional
review board approval to conduct a clinical trial at a prospective site could materially impact the costs, timing, or successful completion
of a clinical trial. 

We
rely on CROs, collaborators, third-party investigators, and independent sites to conduct our clinical trials. If these third parties
do not fulfill their contractual obligations or meet expected deadlines, our planned clinical trials may be extended, delayed, modified,
or terminated and we may fail to obtain the regulatory approvals necessary to commercialize our pipeline candidates. 

We
rely on third-party CROs and collaborators to conduct our clinical trials. CROs, collaborators, third-party investigators, and independent
sites are subject to cGCPs that include conducting, recording, and reporting the results of clinical trials and to assure that data and
reported results are credible and accurate and that the rights, integrity and confidentiality of trial participants are protected. The
FDA enforces cGCPs through periodic inspections. If these CROs or collaborators do not perform their obligations, comply with laws or
cGCPs, or meet expected deadlines, our planned clinical trials may be extended, delayed, modified, or terminated. We rely on the processes
of our CROs and collaborators to ensure that accurate records are maintained to support the results of the clinical trials. While we
or our CROs or collaborators conduct regular monitoring of clinical sites, we are dependent on the processes and quality control efforts
of our third-party contractors to ensure that detailed, quality records are maintained to support the results of the clinical trials
that they are conducting on our behalf. Any extension, delay, modification, or termination of our clinical trials or failure to ensure
adequate documentation and the quality of the results in the clinical trials could delay or otherwise adversely affect our ability to
commercialize our products and pipeline candidates and could have a material adverse effect on our business and operations. 

We
rely upon independent sites and third-party investigators, such as universities and medical institutions and their faculty or staff,
to conduct our clinical trials. These sites and third-party investigators are not our employees and we cannot control the amount or timing
of resources that they devote to our programs. If these third-party investigators or collaborators fail to devote sufficient time and
resources to our product development programs, do not conduct their activities in compliance with the law, or if their performance is
substandard, the approval of our regulatory submissions and our introductions of new products will be delayed or prevented. 

35 

Our
potential CROs and collaborators may also have relationships with other commercial entities, some of which may compete with us. If outside
collaborators assist our competitors to our detriment, the approval of our regulatory submissions will be delayed and the sales from
our products, if and when commercialized, will be less than expected. Even if clinical trials are completed as planned, their results
may not support expectations or intended marketing claims. The clinical trials process may fail to demonstrate that our pipeline candidates
are safe and effective for indicated uses. Such failure could cause us to abandon one or more pipeline candidates and could delay development
of other pipeline candidates. 

Additional
delays to the completion of clinical studies may result from modifications being made to the protocol during the clinical trial, if such
modifications are warranted and/or required by the occurrences in the given trial. 

Each
modification to a protocol for a clinical trial must be submitted to the FDA or foreign regulatory authorities and the institutional
review boards. This submission could result in the delay or suspension of a clinical trial while the modification is evaluated. In addition,
depending on the magnitude and nature of the changes made, the FDA and other regulatory authorities could take the position that the
data generated by the clinical trial prior to the protocol modification cannot be pooled with the data collected after the modification
because the same protocol was not used throughout the trial. This prohibition might require the enrollment of additional subjects, which
could result in the extension of the clinical trial and the FDA and other regulatory authorities delaying approval of one or more pipeline
candidates. 

We
may be required to suspend or discontinue clinical trials because of adverse side effects or other safety risks that could preclude approval
of our biologic candidates. 

Our
clinical trials may be suspended or terminated at any time for a number of reasons. A clinical trial may be suspended or terminated by
us, our collaborators, the FDA, or other regulatory authorities because of a failure to conduct the clinical trial in accordance with
regulatory requirements or our clinical protocols, presentation of unforeseen safety issues or adverse side effects, failure to demonstrate
a benefit from using the investigational biologic, changes in governmental regulations or administrative actions, lack of adequate funding
to continue the clinical trial, or negative or equivocal findings of the data safety monitoring board or the institutional review board
for a clinical trial. An institutional review board may also suspend or terminate our clinical trials for failure to protect patient
safety or patient rights. We may voluntarily suspend or terminate our clinical trials if at any time we believe that they present an
unacceptable risk to participants. If we elect or are forced to suspend or terminate any clinical trial of any proposed product that
we develop, the commercial prospects of such proposed product will be harmed and our ability to generate product revenue from such proposed
product will be delayed or eliminated. Any of these occurrences may harm our business, financial condition, results of operations, and
prospects significantly. 

The results of our previous, current or future clinical trials may not
support regulatory approval of our pipeline candidates or may result in the discovery of unexpected adverse side effects associated with
the use thereof, or they may be deemed insufficient to substantiate certain promotional claims about our current and/or future products
on the market, as applicable, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Even if our clinical trials are
completed as planned, we cannot be certain that the FDA or other foreign regulatory authorities will agree with our conclusions regarding
them, which may prevent us from receiving regulatory approvals, may restrict what data is included in the prescribing information and
indication if approved, and may prevent us from developing differentiated and meaningful promotional claims as part of the marketing and
commercialization of approved products. Success in pre-clinical studies and early clinical trials does not ensure that later clinical
trials will be successful, and we cannot be sure that the later trials will replicate the results of prior trials and pre-clinical studies.
The clinical trial process may fail to demonstrate that our pipeline candidates are safe and effective for the proposed indicated uses.
If the FDA or foreign regulatory authorities conclude that the clinical trials for any of our pipeline candidates for which we might seek
approval have failed to demonstrate safety and effectiveness, we would not receive regulatory approval to market that product in the U.S.
or in other jurisdictions for the indications sought. In addition, such an outcome could cause us to abandon the pipeline candidates and
might delay development of others. Any delay or termination of our clinical trials will delay the filing of any product submissions with
the FDA or foreign regulatory authorities and, ultimately, our ability to commercialize our pipeline candidates and generate revenues.
It is also possible that patients enrolled in clinical trials will experience adverse side effects that are not currently part of the
product candidate s profile. Adverse clinical trial results, such as death or injury due to side effects, could jeopardize regulatory
approval, and if approval is granted, such results may also lead to marketing restrictions or prohibitions. In addition, the clinical
trials performed for programs other than for our 3-antigen HBV vaccine involve a relatively small patient population. Because of the small
sample size, their results may not be indicative of future results. 

Future
legislation, or regulations and policies adopted by the FDA or other regulatory authorities, may increase the time and costs required
for us to conduct and complete clinical trials for our pipeline candidates. 

The
FDA has established regulations, guidelines, and policies to govern the pharmaceutical and biologic development and approval processes,
as have foreign regulatory authorities. We expect there will continue to be federal and state laws and/or regulations, proposed and implemented,
that could impact our operations and business. Any change in regulatory requirements resulting from the adoption of new legislation,
regulations or policies may require us to amend existing clinical trial protocols or add new clinical trials to comply with these changes.
Such amendments to existing protocols or clinical trial applications or the need for new ones, may significantly and adversely affect
the cost, timing, and completion of the clinical trials for our candidates. 

In
addition, the FDA s policies and those of other regulatory authorities may change and additional government regulations may be
issued that could prevent, limit, or delay regulatory approval of our pipeline candidates, or impose more stringent product labeling
and post-marketing testing and other requirements. 

36 

Developments
by competitors may establish standards of care that affect our ability to conduct our clinical trials as planned. 

Changes
in standards related to clinical trial design could affect our ability to design and conduct clinical trials as planned. For example,
regulatory authorities may not allow us to compare one or more of our pipeline candidates to a placebo, or may require a change of standard-of-care
used as a comparator in a particular clinical indication where approved products are available. In that case, both the cost and the amount
of time required to conduct a clinical trial could increase. 

We
face product liability exposure, which, if not covered by insurance, could result in significant financial liability. 

The
risk of product liability is inherent in the research, development, manufacturing, marketing, and use of pharmaceutical products. Our
3-antigen HBV vaccine (currently approved for sale in the U.S. and Canada under the brand name PreHevbrio, in the EU/EEA and
the UK under the brand name PreHevbri, and in Israel under the brand name Sci-B-Vac), our pipeline candidates currently in clinical trials,
and any products that we may commercially market in the future may cause, or may appear to have caused, injury or dangerous drug reactions,
and expose us to product liability claims. These claims might be made by patients who use the product, their families, healthcare providers,
pharmaceutical companies, our corporate collaborators, or others selling such products. If our current products or any of our pipeline
candidates were to cause adverse side effects, we may be exposed to substantial liabilities. 

In
September 2018, two civil claims were brought in the District Court of the central district in Israel which named our subsidiary, SciVac,
as a defendant. In one claim, two minors, through their parents, allege, among other things: defects in certain batches of Sci-B-Vac
discovered in July 2015; that Sci-B-Vac was approved for use in children and infants in Israel without sufficient evidence establishing
its safety; that SciVac failed to provide accurate information about Sci-B-Vac to consumers; and, that each child suffered side effects
from the vaccine. The claim was filed together with a motion seeking approval of a class action on behalf of 428,000 children vaccinated
with Sci-B-Vac in Israel since April 2011 and seeking damages in a total amount of NIS 1,879.5 million 534.1 million). The second claim
is a civil action brought by two minors and their parents against SciVac and the IMoH
alleging, among other things, that SciVac marketed an experimental, defective, hazardous, or harmful vaccine; that Sci-B-Vac was marketed
in Israel without establishing its safety; and that Sci-B-Vac was produced and marketed in Israel without approval of a western regulatory
body. The claim seeks damages for past and future losses and expenses as well as punitive damages. The motion seeking approval of a class
action has been suspended until a ruling is given on the question of liability in the civil action. The preliminary hearings for the
trial of the civil action began on January 15, 2020, with subsequent preliminary hearings held on May 13, 2020, December 3, 2020, September
30, 2021, June 9, 2022, and January 12, 2023. The next preliminary hearing is scheduled to be held on July 13, 2023. 

On
December 5, 2022, another civil claim was filed in the District Court of the central district in Israel naming our subsidiary, SciVac,
as a defendant. The claim was filed by a minor and his parents against SciVac, the IMoH, and Prof. Arieh Raziel, requesting compensation
due to bodily injury of the minor, who was diagnosed as suffering from an Autism Spectrum Disorder (ASD). The plaintiffs allege that
the minor s disabilities and the syndrome from which he suffers were caused due to a combination of several factors, including
negligent pregnancy monitoring, negligent labor and delivery procedure, and administration of the alleged defective vaccine (Sci-B-Vac
vaccine). According to applicable law in Israel, the Statement of Claim does not specify the claim amount, as it is a personal injury
claim. Preliminary hearings
will begin on July 3, 2023. 

Regardless
of the merits or eventual outcome, product liability claims or other claims related to our products or pipeline candidates may result
in: 

decreased
 demand for our products due to negative public perception; 

injury
 to our reputation; 

withdrawal
 of clinical trial participants or difficulties in recruiting new trial participants; 

37 

initiation
 of investigations by regulators; 

costs
 to defend or settle the related litigation; 

a
 diversion of management s time and our resources; 

substantial
 monetary awards to trial participants or patients; 

product
 recalls, withdrawals, or labeling, marketing, or promotional restrictions; 

loss
 of revenues from product sales; and 

the
 inability to commercialize any of our pipeline candidates, if approved. 

We
currently maintain product liability insurance, and we generally obtain clinical trial insurance once a clinical trial is initiated.
However, the insurance coverage may not be sufficient to reimburse us for any expenses or losses we may suffer. Insurance coverage is
becoming increasingly expensive, and, in the future, we, or any of our collaborators, may not be able to maintain insurance coverage
at a reasonable cost or in sufficient amounts or at all to protect us against losses due to liability. Even if our agreements with any
current or future collaborators entitle us to indemnification against product liability losses, such indemnification may not be available
or adequate should any claim arise. Our inability to obtain sufficient product liability insurance at an acceptable cost to protect against
product liability claims could prevent or inhibit the commercialization of our pipeline candidates. If a successful product liability
claim or series of claims is brought against us for uninsured liabilities or in excess of insured liabilities, our assets may not be
sufficient to cover such claims and our business operations could be impaired. 

Should
any of the events described above occur, this could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results
of operations. 

We
are subject to extensive, ongoing post-market regulatory requirements and review in the U.S., and our products may face future
development and regulatory difficulties. 

With
regard to our 3-antigen HBV vaccine and any other product candidates for which we obtain approval in the U.S. or other regions (if
any), the FDA and other regulatory bodies may still impose significant restrictions on a product s indicated uses or
marketing, or impose conditions for approval, or impose ongoing requirements for potentially costly post-approval studies, including
Phase IV clinical trials or post-marketing surveillance. As a condition to granting marketing approval of a product, the FDA or
other regulatory bodies may require us to conduct additional clinical trials. The results generated in these post-approval clinical
trials could result in loss of marketing approval, changes in product labeling, or new or increased concerns about side effects or
efficacy of a product. The Food and Drug Administration Amendments Act of 2007 gives the FDA enhanced post-market authority,
including the explicit authority to require post-market studies and clinical trials, labeling changes based on new safety
information and compliance with FDA-approved REMS. 

We
are also subject to ongoing FDA post-market requirements governing the manufacturing, labeling, packaging, storage, distribution, safety
surveillance, advertising, promotion, record keeping, and reporting of safety and other post-market information. The FDA s exercise
of its authority could result in delays or increased costs during product development, clinical trials, and regulatory review, increased
costs to comply with additional post-approval regulatory requirements, and potential restrictions on sales of approved products. Foreign
regulatory agencies often have similar authority and may impose comparable costs. Post-marketing studies, whether conducted by us or
by others and whether mandated by regulatory agencies or voluntary, and other emerging data about marketed products, such as adverse
event reports, may also adversely affect sales of our pipeline candidates once approved, and potentially our other marketed products.
Further, the discovery of significant problems with a product similar to one of our products that implicate (or are perceived to implicate)
an entire class of products could have an adverse effect on sales of our approved products. Accordingly, new data about our products
could negatively affect demand because of real or perceived side effects or uncertainty regarding efficacy and, in some cases, could
result in product withdrawal or recall. Furthermore, new data and information, including information about product misuse, may lead government
agencies, professional societies, and practice management groups or organizations involved with various diseases to publish guidelines
or recommendations related to the use of our products or the use of related therapies or place restrictions on sales. Such guidelines
or recommendations may lead to lower sales of our products. 

38 

The
holder of a BLA that has been approved also is subject to obligations to monitor and report adverse events and instances of the failure
of a product to meet the specifications in the BLA. License holders must submit new or supplemental applications and obtain FDA approval
for certain changes to the approved product, product labeling, or manufacturing process. Application holders must also submit advertising
and other promotional material to the FDA. Advertising and promotional materials must comply with FDA rules in addition to other potentially
applicable federal and state laws, including, by way of example, the Federal Trade Commission Act. Any sales and promotional activities
are also potentially subject to federal and state consumer protection and unfair competition laws. The FDA and other regulatory agencies
strictly regulate the promotional claims that may be made about prescription products. In particular, a product may not be promoted for
uses that are not approved by the FDA, or such other regulatory agencies as reflected in the product s approved labeling. Such regulatory agencies
may impose further requirements or restrictions on the distribution or use of our pipeline candidates as part of a mandatory plan, such
as limiting prescribing to certain physicians or medical centers that have undergone specialized training, limiting treatment to patients
who meet certain safe-use criteria and requiring treated patients to enroll in a registry. If we receive marketing approval for one or
more of our pipeline candidates, physicians may nevertheless prescribe such products to their patients in a manner that is inconsistent
with the approved label. If we are found to have promoted such off-label uses, we may become subject to significant liability. In particular,
the U.S. federal government has levied large civil and criminal fines against companies for alleged improper promotion and has
enjoined several companies from engaging in off-label promotion. The FDA has also requested that companies enter into consent decrees
or permanent injunctions under which specified promotional conduct is changed or curtailed. 

Depending
on the circumstances, failure to meet post-approval requirements by us or our third-party collaborators can result in criminal prosecution,
fines or other penalties, injunctions, recall or seizure of products, total or partial suspension of production, denial or withdrawal
of pre-marketing product approvals, FDA issuance of Form 483, untitled letters, and/or warning letters, suspension or termination of
any ongoing clinical trials, or refusal to allow us to enter into supply contracts, including government contracts. Any government investigation
of alleged violations of law could require us to expend significant amounts of time and resources in response and could generate negative
publicity and significantly inhibit our ability to bring to market or continue to market our products and generate revenue. 

We
may seek to in-license pipeline candidates or technologies to expand our product pipeline and may not succeed. 

If
and when we deem it to be our strategic priority, we may seek to in-license pipeline candidates or technologies to expand our product
pipeline and may not succeed. The number of such candidates and technologies is limited. Competition among large pharmaceutical companies
and biopharmaceutical companies for promising pipeline candidates and technologies is intense because such companies generally desire
to expand their product pipelines through in-licensing. If we fail to carry out such in-licensing and expand our product pipeline, our
potential future revenues may suffer especially if our current products or pipeline candidates fail to generate material revenue. 

The
failure by our wholly owned manufacturing facility, our current or future contract manufacturers, or contract testing organizations to
obtain or maintain FDA or other regulatory agencies approval for manufacturing or testing facilities could have a material adverse
impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects. 

Our wholly owned manufacturing
facility and any of our current and future manufacturers, whether the facilities are ours or third-party manufacturer facilities, are
subject to pre-approval and periodic, often unannounced, post-market regulatory inspections by the FDA and applicable foreign equivalents
to evaluate regulatory compliance and product quality and safety. This continual regulatory monitoring and periodic inspections of the
manufacturing facilities where our current and future products, as applicable, are produced can result in substantial costs, time, and
efforts in connection with any perceived deficiencies, as well as the inherently costly and often burdensome quality-assurance and compliance
efforts that are required year-round and in anticipation of a regulatory inspection or audit. Similar rules apply in the EU, the UK and
Israel. Other than for our 3-antigen HBV vaccine and VBI-2601, which are currently manufactured by us at our manufacturing site in Israel,
we are completely dependent on third-party manufacturers for compliance with the requirements of U.S. and ex-U.S. regulators for the manufacture
of our finished products and pipeline candidates, which comes with additional risks, as we are ultimately responsible for any violations
observed at any such third-party facilities but do not have the same level of day-to-day control or oversight as one would have at its
own facility. 

39 

If
we or our third-party manufacturers or contract testing organizations cannot successfully produce material that conforms to our specifications
and cGMP requirements of any applicable regulatory agency, we may not be able to secure or maintain approval for our manufacturing or
testing facilities. If the FDA or another regulatory agency does not approve these facilities for commercial production, or if they do
not maintain a satisfactory regulatory standing, we will need to find alternative suppliers, which would result in significant delays
in obtaining required regulatory approvals. In addition, if we or a regulatory agency discover previously unknown problems with a product,
such as adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency or problems with the facility where the product is manufactured or tested,
a regulatory agency may impose restrictions on that product, the manufacturing or testing facility, or us, including requiring recall
or withdrawal of the product from the market or suspension of manufacturing, requiring new warnings or other labeling changes to limit
use of the drug, requiring that we conduct additional clinical trials, imposing new monitoring requirements or requiring that we establish
a REMS program. These challenges may have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 

We
manufacture clinical and commercial supplies of our 3-antigen HBV vaccine and VBI-2601 at a single location. Any disruption in the operations
of our manufacturing facility could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

We
rely on a single source for our supply of some of our raw materials and certain reagents required for the manufacture our 3-antigen
HBV vaccine and VBI-2601. Our current manufacturing facility contains highly specialized equipment and materials and utilizes
complicated production processes developed over a number of years, which would be difficult, time-consuming, and costly to duplicate
or, though a remote risk, may be impossible to duplicate. If our facility were damaged or destroyed, or otherwise subject to
disruption, including contamination, it would require substantial lead-time to replace our manufacturing capabilities and could
cause costly delays. In such event, we would be forced to identify and rely entirely on third-party contract manufacturers for an
indefinite period of time, which we may not be able to do in a timely manner and would further increase our production costs. Any
disruptions or delays at our facility or its failure to meet regulatory compliance would significantly impair our ability to
manufacture our 3-antigen HBV vaccine for sale in the jurisdictions where it is approved for sale, for future potential clinical
studies of our 3-antigen HBV vaccine, and for our ongoing and future clinical studies of VBI-2601, which would result in increased
costs and losses and adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

If
a supplier of our raw materials and certain reagents fails to provide sufficient quantities to us, we may not be able to obtain an alternative
supply on a timely or acceptable basis. 

We
rely on a single source for our supply of some of our raw materials and certain reagents required for the manufacture our 3-antigen HBV
vaccine and VBI-2601. We do not have a written or oral agreement with these single sources of supply, as all orders are handled through
individual purchase orders or on an order-by-order basis. Alternative sources from which we can obtain our supply of most of these materials
exist. However, we may not be able to find alternative suppliers in a timely manner that would provide supplies of these raw materials
or reagents at acceptable quantities and prices, if at all. Any interruption in the supply of these materials would disrupt our ability
to manufacture our 3-antigen HBV vaccine or VBI-2601 for further development, current and future clinical trials, and commercial manufacturing,
and could have a material adverse effect on our business, commercialization of our 3-antigen HBV vaccine and VBI-2601 and future profit
margins, if any. 

We
do not manufacture any of our raw materials nor do we plan to develop any capacity to do so. Instead, we rely on multiple sources to
supply our raw materials so that we can manufacture sufficient quantities of our 3-antigen HBV vaccine and VBI-2601 at our manufacturing
facility in Israel and sufficient quantities of our eVLP vaccine candidates at CDMOs. The COVID-19 pandemic has impacted lead times and
availability of many raw materials, which may adversely impact our ability to manufacture products in a timely manner. Some of the countries
of origin of our raw materials are not the same as our drug manufacturing location. Any disruption in supply of raw materials from a
qualified supplier could result in significant delays with our manufacturing, clinical trials, BLA filing, BLA approval or commercial
sale of the finished product due to contract delays, the need to manufacture new raw materials, out of specification raw materials, the
need for import and export permits, and the failure of the newly sourced raw materials to perform to the standards of the previously
sourced raw materials. These delays could have a material adverse effect on our business and future profit margins, if any. 

40 

Supply
chain and shipping disruptions may result in shipping delays, a significant increase in shipping costs, and could increase product costs
and result in lost sales and reputational damage, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial
condition. 

Our
third-party manufacturers and suppliers have experienced, and may expect to continue to experience, supply chain disruption and
shipping disruptions, including disruptions or delays in loading container cargo in ports of origin or off-loading cargo at ports of
destination, as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, congestion in port terminal facilities, labor supply and shipping container
shortages, inadequate equipment and persons to load, dock and offload container vessels and for other reasons. These disruptions, to the extent that they continue, may
impact our ability to receive our raw materials and certain components required for the manufacture of our 3-antigen HBV vaccine and
VBI-2601 and our other pipeline candidates, to distribute our products in a cost-effective and timely manner and to meet demand, all
of which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. There can be no assurance that further
unforeseen events impacting the supply chain will not have a material adverse effect on us in the future. Additionally, the impacts
that supply chain disruptions have on our third-party manufacturers and suppliers are not within our control. Prolonged supply chain disruption
that may impact us or our manufacturers and suppliers could interrupt product manufacturing, increase raw material and product lead
times, increase raw material and product costs, impact our ability to meet customer demand and result in lost sales and reputational
damage, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We
expect the healthcare industry to face increased limitations on reimbursement, rebates, and other payments as a result of continued
healthcare reform changes, which could adversely affect third-party coverage of our current and/or future products and how much or
under what circumstances healthcare providers will prescribe or administer our products, as applicable. 

In
both the U.S. and other countries, our product sales depend, or will depend, as applicable and in part, upon the availability of reimbursement from
third-party payers, which include governmental authorities, managed care organizations and other private health insurers.
Third-party payers are increasingly challenging the price and examining the cost effectiveness of medical products and
services. 

Increasing
expenditures for healthcare have been the subject of considerable public attention in the U.S. Both private and government entities
are seeking ways to reduce or contain healthcare costs. Numerous proposals that would effect changes in the U.S. healthcare system
have been introduced or proposed in Congress and in some state legislatures, including reducing reimbursement for prescription
products and reducing the levels at which consumers and healthcare providers are reimbursed for purchases of pharmaceutical
products. 

Cost
reduction initiatives and changes in coverage implemented through legislation or regulation could decrease utilization of and reimbursement
for any approved products, which in turn would affect the price we can receive for those products. Any reduction in reimbursement that
results from federal legislation or regulation may also result in a similar reduction in payments from payers. New laws may also result
in additional reductions in healthcare funding, which could have a material adverse effect on our customers, which may affect our financial
operations. Legislative and regulatory proposals may expand post-approval requirements and restrict sales and promotional activities
for pharmaceutical products. We cannot be certain whether additional legislative changes will be enacted, or whether relevant regulations,
guidance, or interpretations will be changed, or what the impact of such changes on our products may be. 

Although
we cannot predict the full effect on our business of the implementation of existing legislation or the enactment of additional legislation
pursuant to healthcare and other legislative reform, we believe that legislation or regulations that would reduce reimbursement for,
or restrict coverage of, our products could adversely affect how much or under what circumstances healthcare providers will prescribe
or administer our products. This could materially and adversely affect our business by reducing our ability to generate revenue, raise
capital, obtain additional collaborators and market our products. In addition, we believe the increasing emphasis on managed care in
the U.S. has and will continue to put pressure on the price and usage of pharmaceutical products, which may adversely impact
product sales. 

41 

Governments
outside the U.S. tend to impose strict price controls, which may adversely affect our future revenues. 

In
some countries, particularly countries in Europe, the pricing and/or reimbursement of vaccines and therapeutics is subject to governmental
control. In Canada, the prices of patented medicines are subject to price controls. In these countries, pricing negotiations with governmental,
reimbursement, and coverage authorities can take considerable time after the receipt of marketing approval for a product. To obtain reimbursement
or pricing approval in some countries, we may be required to conduct a study that compares the cost-effectiveness of our products to
other available therapies. If reimbursement of our products is unavailable or limited in scope or amount, or if pricing is set at unsatisfactory
levels, our business could be harmed, possibly materially. 

We
face intense competition and rapid technological change, which may make it more difficult to achieve significant market penetration.
If we cannot compete successfully for market share against other companies, we may not achieve sufficient product revenues and our business
will suffer. 

The
market for our products and pipeline candidates is characterized by intense competition and rapid technological advances. For example,
our 3-antigen HBV vaccine will compete in the U.S. and Europe with other approved HBV vaccines marketed by GSK, Dynavax, and Merck and
will compete outside the U.S. and Europe with vaccines from GSK and Merck. If competitors existing products or new products are
more effective than or considered superior to our current or future products, the commercial opportunity for our products will be reduced
or eliminated. Existing or future competing products may provide greater therapeutic convenience or clinical or other benefits for a
specific indication than our products or may offer comparable performance at a lower cost. We face competition from fully integrated
pharmaceutical companies and smaller companies that are collaborating with larger pharmaceutical companies, academic institutions, government
agencies and other public and private research organizations. Many of our competitors have products or pipeline candidates already approved
or in development. In addition, many of these competitors, either alone or together with their collaborative partners, are larger than
us and have substantially greater financial, technical, research, marketing, sales, distribution, and other resources. Existing and potential
competitors may develop or market products that are more effective or commercially attractive than any that we are developing or marketing.
Competitors may obtain regulatory approvals and introduce and commercialize products before we do. These developments could have a significant
negative effect on our financial condition. Even if we are able to compete successfully, we may not be able to do so in a profitable
manner. 

We
may be exposed to liability claims associated with the use of hazardous materials and chemicals. 

Our
research and development activities involve the controlled use of hazardous materials and chemicals. Although we believe that our safety
procedures for using, storing, handling and disposing of these materials comply with federal, state, provincial and local laws and regulations,
we cannot completely eliminate the risk of accidental injury or contamination from these materials. In the event of such an accident,
we could be held liable for any resulting damages and any liability could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition
and results of operations. In addition, the federal, provincial, state, and local laws and regulations governing the use, manufacture,
storage, handling and disposal of hazardous or radioactive materials and waste products may require us to incur substantial compliance
costs that could materially adversely affect our business and financial condition. 

Our
products and any pipeline candidates for which we obtain regulatory approval, if any, may never achieve market acceptance, even if
we obtain regulatory approvals. 

Regulatory approval to market a given medical product in a given country
does not guarantee that the product will be accepted by the medical community or successful in generating revenue in the applicable market.
Accordingly, the commercial success of our current and future products, as applicable, depends and will depend on, among other things,
their acceptance by physicians, patients, third-party payers such as health insurance companies and other members of the medical community
as a prophylaxis or therapeutic and a cost-effective alternative to competing products. If our products fail to gain market acceptance,
we may be unable to earn sufficient revenue to continue our business. Market acceptance of, and demand for, any product that we currently
market or may commercialize in the future depends on many factors, including: 

our
 ability to provide acceptable evidence of safety and efficacy; 

42 

the
 prevalence and severity of adverse side effects; 

whether
 our vaccines are differentiated from other vaccines based on immunogenicity or convenience; 

availability,
 relative cost, and relative efficacy of alternative and competing vaccines or treatments; 

the
 effectiveness of our marketing and distribution strategy; 

publicity
 concerning our products or competing products and treatments; and 

our
 ability to obtain sufficient third-party insurance coverage or reimbursement. 

If
our products do not become widely accepted by physicians, patients, third-party payers and other members of the
medical community, our business, financial condition, and results of operations would be materially and adversely affected. 

If
we are unable to manufacture our pipeline candidates and products in sufficient quantities, at sufficient yields or are unable to obtain
or maintain regulatory approvals for a manufacturing facility for our vaccines, we may experience delays in product development, clinical
trials, regulatory approval, commercial distribution, and the In Process Research Development IPR D assets
may become impaired and be written off at some time in the future. 

Completion
of our clinical trials and commercialization of our pipeline candidates and products require access to, or development of, facilities
to manufacture our pipeline candidates and products at sufficient yields and at commercial-scale. We have limited experience manufacturing
any of our pipeline candidates and products in the volumes that will be necessary to support large-scale clinical trials or commercial
sales. Efforts to establish these capabilities may not meet initial expectations as to scheduling, scale-up, reproducibility, yield,
purity, cost, potency, or quality. 

If
we are unable to manufacture our pipeline candidates and products in clinical or commercial quantities, as the case may be, in sufficient
yields, with sufficient purity, potency, quality, and identity, we may not be able to supply pipeline candidates or products for clinical
or commercial purposes, and we may be required to find, qualify, and rely on third parties. Any new third-party manufacturers must also
receive FDA approval and/or approval from similar regulatory agencies before we may use product manufactured by them as our commercial
products and pipeline candidates. Our products may be in competition with other products for access to these facilities and may be subject
to delays in manufacture if our third-party manufacturers give other products greater priority. Any delays experienced by third-party
manufacturers, whether directly or by its raw material suppliers in relation to our project, may result in delays in clinical development
of our pipeline candidates and products. 

As
a result, any delay or interruption, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows. In addition, the IPR D assets may become impaired and be written off at some time in the future, which could also
have a material adverse effect on the financial statements. 

In
light of our current resources and limited commercial experience, we have and may need to continue to establish third-party relationships
to successfully commercialize our products. 

The near and long-term commercial viability of our current and future (as
applicable) products may depend, in part, on our ability to successfully execute current strategic collaborations and establish new strategic
collaborations with contract commercial organizations, pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, non-profit organizations, and government
agencies. Establishing and maintaining strategic collaborations and obtaining government funding is difficult and time-consuming. Potential
collaborators may reject collaborations based upon their assessment of our financial, regulatory or intellectual property position or
based on their internal pipeline or available resources; government agencies may reject contract or grant applications based on their
assessment of public need, the public interest, the ability of our products to address these areas, or other reasons beyond our expectations
or control. If we fail to establish or maintain collaborations or government relationships necessary for successful commercialization
on acceptable terms, our current commercialization efforts may be unsuccessful, and we may not be able to commercialize our pipeline candidates
that are approved for marketing in the future, if any, or generate sufficient revenue to fund further research and development efforts. 

43 

There can be no assurances that
any new or existing collaborations, including our collaborations with Syneos, Valneva, and Brii Bio, and/or government funding will ever
result in the successful development or commercialization of any products for several reasons, including that: 

we may not have the ability to control the activities of our partners and
cannot provide assurance that they will fulfill their obligations to us, including with respect to the license, development, and commercialization
of products and pipeline candidates, in a timely manner or at all; 

such partners may not devote sufficient resources to the commercialization
or clinical development of our products or pipeline programs or properly maintain or defend our intellectual property rights (if required); 

relationships
 with our collaborators could also be subject to certain fraud and abuse laws if not structured properly to comply with such laws; 

any
 failure on the part of our partners to perform or satisfy their obligations to us could lead to delays in the development or commercialization
 of our pipeline candidates and affect our ability to realize product revenue; and 

disagreements,
 including disputes over the ownership of technology developed with such collaborators, could result in litigation, which would be
 time-consuming and expensive, and may delay or terminate research and development efforts, regulatory approvals, and commercialization
 activities. 

If
we or our collaborators fail to maintain our existing agreements or if we fail to establish agreements as necessary, we could be required
to undertake research, development, manufacturing, and commercialization activities solely at our own expense. These activities would
significantly increase our capital requirements and, given our lack of sales, marketing and distribution capabilities, significantly
delay or hinder our commercial success. 

Our
marketing, promotional, and business practices are subject to extensive regulation and any material failure to comply could result in
significant sanctions against us. 

The
marketing, promotional, and business practices of pharmaceutical and biologics companies are subject to extensive regulation, the enforcement
of which may result in the imposition of civil and/or criminal penalties, injunctions, and/or limitations on marketing practices for
some of our products. 

There
is no official FDA definition of promotion, but FDA regulations, guidance documents, and enforcement actions make clear
that the FDA takes a broad view of the term. Promotional materials include any written, oral, graphic, or broadcast material made and
distributed to consumers by a company or its agents with the intent to proactively communicate certain attributes (e.g., use/indication,
safety, effectiveness, etc.) of a given drug or biologic product. Examples include presentations, posters, brochures, notes, e-mail messages
(external), blog postings, corporate websites, social media posts, videos, oral representations made by company representatives, product
samples, reprints of scientific, and medical articles, among others. To be lawful, promotions, at a minimum, must: 

be
 consistent with, and not contrary to, labeling; 

present
 fair balance between risks and benefits; 

be
 truthful and not false or misleading; 

be
 adequately substantiated (when required); and 

include
 adequate directions for use. 

44 

Aside
from off-label promotion, a lack of fair balance between risk information and benefit information has been among the highest
enforcement priorities for the FDA in this context. We may also be subject to enforcement action in connection with any promotion of
an investigational product. Under the Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, a sponsor or investigator, or any person acting on behalf of a
sponsor or investigator, shall not represent in a promotional context that an investigational new drug is safe or effective for the
purposes for which it is under investigation or otherwise promote the product candidate. The most common factors that trigger FDA
enforcement actions for unauthorized promotion of an investigational drug include: 

Absence
 of clear and prominent statement on investigational status; 

Use
 of trade name pre-approval (without adequate clarification as to status); 

Lack
 of separation between information on investigational and approved products; 

Characterizations
 and descriptions of a promotional nature that are phrased as established facts (e.g., long actions, tamper-resistant, 
 next generation and 

Presentation
 of information in a manner that visually suggests it is an approved product (e.g., under a heading titled Products ). 

Any
enforcement action or lawsuit brought against us in connection with alleged violations of applicable promotion requirements, or prohibitions,
could harm our business and our reputation, as well as the reputation of any then approved products we may promote or commercialize. 

We
may be subject to additional risks due to the involvement of third-party drugs, devices, or other products in clinical studies evaluating
the safety and/or efficacy of our pipeline candidates and/or in connection with the commercial use of any such candidates approved by
the FDA for marketing in the U.S. in the future. 

One
or more existing FDA-approved therapies may be involved in the clinical testing of a given product candidate, as such product candidate
may be tested in combination with a therapy developed by another company or administered using a third-party medical device. 

For example, our cancer vaccine
immunotherapeutic candidate, VBI-1901, is in a Phase I/IIa clinical study where it was administered in combination with an adjuvant via
intradermal injection. Accordingly, our clinical studies for VBI-1901, and any other study involving a third-party product, may
subject us to additional risks that we may not otherwise face in connection with studies conducted without third-party products. 

Among
other potential risks, a third-party product we utilize could be defective, removed from the market, or otherwise rendered unavailable
for the applicable use. Additionally, the safety and/or efficacy of such products may be called into question for reasons beyond our
control, including, but not limited to, serious adverse events associated with the product; regulatory enforcement action against the
product s manufacturer, developer, or other responsible party, as applicable; or any other circumstance or finding that negatively
impacts the perceived utility or reliability of the product. The occurrence of any such events in connection with a third-party drug,
device, or other product used in our clinical studies could cause the FDA and/or industry to question the validity of our clinical trial
data or improperly attribute safety or efficacy issues to our pipeline candidates, either of which could have a material adverse effect
on our ability to successfully develop and commercialize such candidates. We cannot predict the ultimate impact that any third-party
product used in our clinical studies may have on our business, as such is dependent upon a number of factors outside of our reasonable
control. 

45 

Risks
Related to Our Capital Requirements and Financings 

We
will need additional financing to continue our operations. If we are unable to obtain additional financing on acceptable terms, we may
have to curtail or cease our development plans and operations. 

Our
revenue generating activities include product sales and research and development services pursuant to fee for service agreements, collaboration
agreements, and certain governmental research and development grants. However, our revenues have not been significant to date. Our long-term
success and ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon obtaining sufficient capital to fund the research and development
of our products, to bring about their successful commercial release, if approved, to generate revenue, and, ultimately, to attain profitable
operations or alternatively advance the products and technology to such a point that an acquirer would find attractive. We face substantial
demand on our cash resources to fund operations and our growth plans in the future. 

To
date, we have been able to obtain financing; however, there is no assurance that financing will be available in the future, or if it
is, that it will be available at terms acceptable to us. Additional financings may be effected through debt financing and/or the issuance
of equity securities, there being no assurance that any type of financing on terms acceptable to us will be available or otherwise occur.
Debt financing must be repaid regardless of whether we generate revenues or cash flows from operations and may be secured by substantially
all of our assets. Any equity financing or debt financing that requires the issuance of equity securities or securities convertible into
equity securities would cause the percentage ownership of our shareholders to be diluted, which dilution may be substantial. Also, any
additional equity securities issued may have rights, preferences, or privileges senior to those of existing shareholders. Furthermore,
if we issue additional securities, whether equity or debt, or if investors believe we may issue additional securities, the market price
of our common shares could decline. If such financing is not available when required or is not available on acceptable terms, we may
be required to reduce or eliminate certain pipeline candidates and development activities, and it may ultimately require us to suspend
or cease operations, which could cause investors to lose the entire amount of their investment. 

We
have incurred significant losses since inception and anticipate that we will incur continued losses for the foreseeable future. 

We have incurred significant
net losses and negative operating cash flows since inception. We incurred net losses of approximately 113.3 million and 69.8
million in 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 489.6 million and cash of 62.6 million. Cash outflows from operating activities were 73.7 million for the year
ended December 31, 2022. Our income
generating activities have been from sales of PreHevbio in the U.S. and Sci-B-Vac in Israeli markets that have generated a limited
number of sales to-date, fees from research and development services, and revenue from partnership collaborations. We expect to
incur significant operating losses for the next several years as we support the continued commercialization activities of our
3-antigen HBV vaccine, advance other pipeline candidates into and through clinical development, including our immunotherapeutic HBV
candidate, GBM vaccine immunotherapeutic candidate, prophylactic coronavirus vaccine program candidates, and CMV candidate, complete
clinical trials, and seek regulatory approval. Because of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with developing and
commercializing pharmaceutical products, as well as those related to our expectations for the License Agreement, we are unable to
predict the extent of any future losses or guarantee when, or if, our company will become profitable or cash flow positive. If we
never achieve profitability or positive cash flows, or achieve either later than we anticipate, you may lose some or all of your
investment in us. 

Our
financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis; we must raise additional capital to fund our operations in order to
continue as a going concern. 

In
its report dated March 13, 2023, EisnerAmper LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm, expressed substantial doubt about
our ability to continue as a going concern as we have suffered recurring losses from operations and have insufficient liquidity to fund
our future operations. If we are unable to improve our liquidity position, we may not be able to continue as a going concern. The accompanying
consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result if we are unable to continue as a going concern and,
therefore, be required to realize our assets and discharge our liabilities other than in the normal course of business which could cause
investors to suffer the loss of all or a substantial portion of their investment. As of December 31, 2022, we had 62.6 million of cash.
In order to have sufficient cash and cash equivalents to fund our operations in the future, we will need to raise additional equity or
debt capital and cannot provide any assurance that we will be successful in doing so. 

46 

Risks
Related to Our Business 

Adverse
effects resulting from vaccines, immunotherapies, or therapies could negatively affect the perceptions by members of the health
care community, including physicians, about the safety and effectiveness of our products and pipeline candidates. 

There
are many other companies that have developed or are currently trying to develop vaccines or immuno-oncology products for the treatment
or prevention of diseases that overlap with our products and pipeline candidates. If adverse effects were to result from vaccines or
immunotherapy drugs or therapies being developed, manufactured, and marketed by others that overlap with our products and pipeline candidates,
it could be attributed to our products or pipeline candidates or immunotherapy protocols as a whole. In the past, biologics have
been associated with certain safety risks and other companies developing biologics have had patients in trials suffer from serious adverse
events, including death. Any such attribution could negatively affect the perceptions by members of the health care community, including
physicians, about the safety and effectiveness of our products or pipeline candidates. Our industry is susceptible to rapid technological
changes and there can be no assurance that we will be able to overcome any new technological challenges presented by the adverse effects
resulting from vaccines or immunotherapy drugs or therapies developed, manufactured or marketed by others. 

We
have international operations, which subject us to risks inherent with operations outside of Canada. 

We
have international operations and we may seek to obtain market approvals in foreign markets that we deem to generate significant opportunities.
However, even with the cooperation of a commercialization partner, conducting drug development in foreign countries involves inherent
risks, including, but not limited to: difficulties in staffing, funding, and managing foreign operations; different and unexpected changes
in regulatory requirements; export restrictions; tariffs and other trade barriers; different reimbursement systems; economic weaknesses
or political instability in particular foreign economies and markets; compliance with tax, employment, immigration, and labor laws for
employees living or travelling abroad; supply chain and raw materials management; difficulties in protecting, acquiring, enforcing, and
litigating intellectual property rights; fluctuations in currency exchange rates; and potentially adverse tax consequences. 

If
we were to experience any of the difficulties listed above, or any other difficulties, our international development activities and our
overall financial condition may suffer and cause us to reduce or discontinue our international development and market approval efforts. 

Our
employees may engage in misconduct or other improper activities, including noncompliance with regulatory standards and requirements. 

We
are exposed to the risk of employee fraud or other misconduct. Misconduct by employees could include intentional failures to: 

comply
 with FDA regulations or similar regulations of comparable foreign regulatory authorities; 

provide
 accurate information to the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities; 

comply
 with manufacturing standards that we have established; 

comply
 with federal and state healthcare fraud and abuse laws and regulations and similar laws and regulations established and enforced
 by comparable foreign regulatory authorities; 

properly
 protect patient information which is subject to federal and state privacy and security laws or similar laws in foreign countries; 

report
 financial information or data accurately; or 

disclose
 unauthorized activities to us. 

47 

In
particular, sales, marketing, and business arrangements in the healthcare industry are subject to extensive laws and regulations intended
to prevent fraud, kickbacks, self-dealing, and other abusive practices. These laws and regulations may restrict or prohibit a wide range
of pricing, discounting, marketing and promotion, sales commissions, customer incentive programs, and other business arrangements. Employee
misconduct could also involve the improper use of information obtained in the course of clinical trials, which could result in regulatory
sanctions and serious harm to our reputation. It is not always possible to identify and deter employee misconduct, and the precautions
that we take to detect and prevent this activity may not be effective in controlling unknown or unmanaged risks or losses or in protecting
us from governmental investigations or other actions or lawsuits stemming from a failure to be in compliance with such laws or regulations.
If any such actions are instituted against us and we are not successful in defending or asserting our rights, those actions could have
a significant impact on our business and results of operations, including the imposition of significant fines or other sanctions. 

We are subject to federal, provincial and state healthcare laws, regulations,
and policies in connection with our healthcare-related activities and arrangements both in the U.S. and abroad, and our failure to comply
with those laws could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial conditions. 

Since
we have obtained FDA approval to commercialize PreHevbrio, our operations are directly and indirectly, through our relationships
with third parties, such as, healthcare providers, customers, and third-party payors, subject to various federal and state fraud and
abuse laws, including, without limitation the following: 

the
 federal anti-kickback statute (and state equivalents), which prohibits, among other things, persons from knowingly and willfully
 soliciting, receiving, offering, or paying remuneration, directly or indirectly, in exchange for or to induce either the referral
 of an individual, or the furnishing, arranging for, or the purchase, order or recommendation of, any item or service that is reimbursable,
 in whole or in part, by a federal healthcare program such as the Medicare and Medicaid programs; 

the
 federal physician self-referral law, commonly known as the Stark Law (and state equivalents), which prohibits a physician
 from making a referral for certain designated health services covered by the Medicare program if the physician or an immediate family
 member has a financial relationship with the entity providing the designated health services, unless the financial relationship falls
 within an applicable exception to the prohibition; 

the
 federal False Claims Act and related laws (and state equivalents) that prohibit and impose liability on any person or entity that,
 among other things, knowingly presents, or causes to be presented, a false or fraudulent claim for payment to the federal government; 

the
 so-called qui tam provisions of the federal and state False Claims Act, which permit whistleblowers to sue in the name of the federal
 or state governments healthcare providers and others for alleged violations of those laws and which permit whistleblowers
 to obtain a reward for bringing the case. These qui tam cases have been on the rise in recent years; 

federal
 criminal laws that prohibit executing a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program or making false statements relating to healthcare
 matters; 

the
 federal transparency requirements under the Affordable Care Act, including the provisions commonly referred to as the Physician Payments
 Sunshine Act, which requires certain manufacturers of drugs, devices, biologics and medical supplies that are reimbursable under
 Medicare, Medicaid or Children s Health Insurance Program to report annually to the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services
 information related to payments and other transfers of value to physicians and teaching hospitals, and ownership and investment interests
 held by physicians and their immediate family members; 

the
 federal Civil Monetary Penalties Law, which prohibits, among other things, the offering or transfer of remuneration to a Medicare
 or state healthcare program beneficiary if the person knows or should know it is likely to influence the beneficiary s selection
 of a particular provider, practitioner, or supplier of services reimbursable by Medicare or a state healthcare program, unless an
 exception applies; 

48 

the
 Prescription Drug Marketing Act, as amended, which governs the distribution of prescription drug samples to healthcare practitioners; 

the
 fraud and abuse provisions of the federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, as amended by the Health Information
 Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act HITECH ), and its implementing regulations (collectively HIPAA ),
 which imposes criminal and civil liability for executing a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program or making false statements
 relating to healthcare matters and established comprehensive federal standards with respect to the privacy and security of protected
 health information and requirements for the use of certain standardized electronic transactions, and amendments made in 2013 to HIPAA
 under the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act, which strengthens and expands HIPAA privacy and security
 compliance requirements, increases penalties for violators, extends enforcement authority to state attorneys general, and imposes
 requirements for breach notification; 

analogous state laws and regulations, including (among others) state anti-kickback,
self-referral, and false claims laws, which may apply to our business practices, including, but not limited to, research, distribution,
sales and marketing arrangements and claims involving healthcare items or services reimbursed by any third-party payor, including private
insurers; state laws that require pharmaceutical companies to comply with the pharmaceutical industry s voluntary compliance guidelines
and the relevant compliance guidance promulgated by the U.S. federal government, or otherwise restrict payments that may be made to healthcare
providers and other potential referral sources; state laws and regulations that require drug manufacturers to file reports relating to
pricing and marketing information and that require tracking gifts and other remuneration and items of value provided to healthcare professionals
and entities; state and local laws that require the registration of pharmaceutical sales representatives; and 

state
 and local law equivalents of HIPAA related to the privacy and security of patient information in certain circumstances, which are
 typically not preempted by HIPAA and may apply more broadly, and/or contain different, potentially more stringent, restrictions and
 obligations, than HIPAA thus complicating compliance efforts. 

Further,
the Affordable Care Act, among other things, amended the intent requirement of the federal anti-kickback and criminal healthcare
fraud statutes. A person or entity can be found guilty of fraud or false claims under the Affordable Care Act without actual
knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it. In addition, the Affordable Care Act provides that the government may
assert that a claim including items or services resulting from a violation of the federal anti-kickback statute constitutes a false
or fraudulent claim for purposes of the false claims statutes. Ensuring that our activities and business arrangements with third
parties comply with applicable healthcare laws and regulations generally comes with substantial costs, as does, possibly to an even greater degree, any actual or alleged failure to comply with such laws. Possible sanctions for violation of
the applicable fraud-and-abuse laws may include monetary fines, civil, and criminal penalties, exclusion from Medicare, Medicaid,
and other government programs, forfeiture of amounts collected in violation of such prohibitions, individual imprisonment,
additional reporting obligations, and oversight (if we become subject to a corporate integrity agreement or other agreement to
resolve allegations of non-compliance with these laws), and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations. Any violations of
these laws, or any action against us for violation of these laws, even if we successfully defend against such claims, could result
in a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, results of operations, and financial condition. In addition, there has
been an increase in federal and state regulation of payments made to physicians and teaching hospitals for marketing,
medical directorships, and other purposes. These laws and any other similar initiatives, including, among many others, legislation requiring publication of
drug costs, could materially and adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

49 

The
scope and enforcement of these laws is uncertain and subject to change in the current environment of healthcare reform, especially in
light of the lack of applicable precedent and regulations. We are not able to predict the impact on our business of any changes in these
laws. Federal or state regulatory authorities may challenge our future activities under these laws. Any such challenge could have a material
adverse effect on our reputation, business, results of operations and financial condition. Any state or federal regulatory review of
the Company, regardless of the outcome, would be costly and time-consuming. 

Our business, and our current and future activities and products are also
subject to equivalent healthcare-related laws and regulations of applicable foreign countries, provinces, and/or any other applicable
jurisdictions in which we currently operate or may operate in the future. There can be no assurance that the potential compliance obligations
of any such foreign laws, and any corresponding consequences of noncompliance, will be similar to those of U.S. fraud and abuse laws.
In addition to the spectrum of potentially serious consequences that could result from our noncompliance with any such applicable laws
or regulations, our global compliance efforts currently, and will continue to, require a significant commitment of our time, efforts,
and money. 

Healthcare
legislative reform measures or other changes may have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

In the U.S., there have been a
number of legislative and regulatory initiatives focused on containing the cost of healthcare. The federal Patient Protection and Affordable
Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 (the ACA ), for example, substantially changed
the way healthcare is financed by both governmental and private insurers. The ACA contains a number of provisions that could impact our
business and operations, in both foreseeable and unforeseeable ways. ACA provisions that may affect our business include those governing
enrollment in federal healthcare programs, reimbursement changes, rules regarding prescription drug benefits under health insurance exchanges,
expansion of the 340B program, expansion of state Medicaid programs, and fraud and abuse enforcement. Such changes may impact existing
government healthcare programs, industry competition, formulary composition, and may result in the development of new programs, including
Medicare payment for performance initiatives, health technology assessments, and improvements to the physician quality reporting system
and feedback program. 

Since
its enactment, there have been numerous executive, judicial, and legislative challenges to the ACA, including several efforts to repeal
or replace certain elements thereof, such as, for example, the lawsuit brought by the State of Texas (and others) challenging the constitutionality
of the ACA after the so-called Individual Mandate was repealed by Congress, which was ultimately unsuccessful, as the Supreme
Court ordered its dismissal in June 2021. While it appears that the ACA will remain intact, in its current form, for now, we cannot predict
whether, or to what extent, it will undergo additional challenges and/or amendments in the future or the impact any such efforts will
have on our business and financial results. 

Various
additional federal reform measures have been introduced in recent years, focusing on healthcare and drug pricing, in particular. For
example, on January 28, 2021, President Biden issued an executive order that initiated a special enrollment period for purposes of obtaining
health insurance coverage through the ACA marketplace, which began on February 15, 2021, and remained open through August 15, 2021. The
executive order also instructed certain governmental agencies to review and reconsider their existing policies and rules that limit access
to healthcare, including among others, reexamining Medicaid demonstration projects and waiver programs that include work requirements
and policies that create unnecessary barriers to obtaining access to health insurance coverage through Medicaid or the ACA. On the legislative
front, the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021 was signed into law on March 11, 2021, which, in relevant part, eliminates the statutory
Medicaid drug rebate cap, currently set at 100 of a drug s average manufacturer price, for single source drugs and innovator multiple
source drugs, beginning January 1, 2024. And, in July 2021, the Biden administration released an executive order entitled, Promoting
Competition in the American Economy, with multiple provisions aimed at prescription drugs. In response, on September 9, 2021,
HHS released a Comprehensive Plan for Addressing High Drug Prices that outlines principles for drug pricing reform and
sets out a variety of potential legislative policies that Congress could pursue as well as potential administrative actions HHS can take
to advance these principles. 

50 

Additionally,
in August 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act IRA was signed into law, which will, among other things, allow U.S. Department
of Health and Human Services HHS to negotiate the selling price of certain drugs and biologics that the Centers for Medicare
 Medicaid Services CMS reimburses under Medicare Part B and Part D, although only high-expenditure single-source
drugs that have been approved for at least 7 years, or 11 years for biologics, can be selected by CMS for negotiation, with the negotiated
price taking effect two years after the selection year. The negotiated prices, which will first become effective in 2026, will be capped
at a statutory ceiling price. Beginning in October 2023, the IRA will also penalize drug manufacturers that increase prices of Medicare
Part B and Part D drugs at a rate greater than the rate of inflation. The IRA permits the Secretary of HHS to implement many of these
provisions through guidance, as opposed to regulation, for the initial years. Manufacturers that fail to comply with the IRA may be subject
to various penalties, including civil monetary penalties. The IRA also extends enhanced subsidies for individuals purchasing health insurance
coverage in ACA marketplaces through plan year 2025. 

In
foreign healthcare markets, reimbursement and healthcare payment systems vary significantly by country, and many countries have instituted
price ceilings on specific products and therapies. We cannot predict how our business will ultimately be affected by existing healthcare
reform measures or what new statutory, regulatory, and/or administrative initiatives may be adopted in the future. However, we expect
there to be continued, or increased, downward pressure on drug pricing in most, if not all, jurisdictions in which we currently, or may
in the future, market one or more biological products. Any and all current and future reform measures at any level and in any country
could result in, among other things, reduced demand for or market acceptance of our current and future (if any) products. If we or any
third parties we may engage are slow or unable to adapt to changes in the applicable regulatory landscape or the adoption of new requirements
and/or policies, or if we or such third parties are not able to maintain regulatory compliance, the success of our products and development
pipeline will likely suffer, and we may have greater difficulty achieving or sustaining profitability. 

Our internal computer systems, and/or those of our third-party vendors,
collaborators, and/or other contractors may be subject to various federal and state confidentiality and data privacy laws in the U.S.
and abroad and could sustain system failures, security breaches, or other disruptions, any of which could have a material adverse effect
on our business. 

Numerous
international, national, federal, provincial and state laws, including state privacy laws (such as the California Consumer Privacy Act,
or CCPA ), state security breach notification and information security laws, and federal and state consumer protection laws
govern the collection, use, and disclosure of personal information. In addition, most healthcare providers who may, in future, prescribe
and dispense our products in the U.S. and research institutions in the U.S. with whom we collaborate for our sponsored
clinical trials are covered entities subject to privacy and security requirements under Health Care Insurance and Accountability
Act of 1996 HIPAA ). Among other things, the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act HITECH makes HIPAA s privacy and security standards directly applicable to business associates, independent contractors, or agents of
covered entities that receive or obtain protected health information in connection with providing a service on behalf of a covered entity.
HITECH also created four new tiers of civil monetary penalties, amended HIPAA to make civil and criminal penalties directly applicable
to business associates, and gave state attorneys general new authority to file civil actions for damages or injunctions in federal courts
to enforce the federal HIPAA laws and seek attorneys fees and costs associated with pursuing federal civil actions. Certain of
our clinical sites or collaborators could be subject to a wide range of penalties and sanctions under HIPAA, including criminal penalties
if they knowingly obtain or disclose individually identifiable health information maintained by a covered entity in a manner that is
not authorized or permitted by HIPAA. Failure to comply with current and future privacy laws and regulations could result in governmental
enforcement actions (including the imposition of significant penalties), criminal and civil liability, and/or adverse publicity that
negatively affects our business. 

51 

Moreover,
we rely on our internal and third-party provided information technology systems and applications to support our operations and to maintain
and process company information including personal information, confidential business information and proprietary information. Furthermore,
we generate intellectual property that is central to the future success of the business and transmit certain amounts of confidential
information. Additionally, we collect, store and transmit confidential information of collaborators, employees or other third-party contractors.
We have experienced in the past, and may experience in the future, cybersecurity incidents, threats, and intrusions. Incidents, threats,
and intrusions may require remediation to protect sensitive information, including our intellectual property and personal information,
and our overall business. The continually changing threat landscape of cybersecurity today makes our systems potentially vulnerable to
service interruptions, system errors or to security breaches from inadvertent or intentional actions by our employees, partners, and
vendors, and from attacks by malicious third parties, including supply chain attacks originating at our third-party partners. Such attacks
are of ever-increasing levels of sophistication. Attacks may be made by individuals or groups that have varying levels of expertise,
some of which are technologically advanced and well-funded including, without limitation, nation states, organized criminal groups, and
hacktivists organizations. A breach of cybersecurity, a disruption in availability, or the unauthorized alteration of systems or data
could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition, or lead to the loss, theft, destruction, corruption,
or compromise of our information or that of our collaborators, or third-party contractors, as applicable. 

While
we have invested in cybersecurity and have implemented processes and procedural controls to maintain the confidentiality and integrity
of such information, there can be no guarantee that our efforts will prevent all service interruptions or security breaches. Any such
interruption or breach of our systems could adversely affect our business operations and result in the loss of critical or sensitive
confidential information or intellectual property, and could result in financial, legal, and reputational harm to our business, including
legal claims and proceedings, liability under laws that protect the privacy of personal information, government enforcement actions,
and regulatory penalties, as well as remediation costs. While we seek to protect our information technology systems from these types
of incidents, the healthcare sector continues to see a high frequency of cyberattacks and increasingly sophisticated threat actors, and
our systems and the information maintained within those systems remain potentially vulnerable to data security incidents. Moreover, losses
from such events may not be completely covered by insurance coverage (or may not be covered at all by any of our insurance policies depending
on the circumstances). Furthermore, this insurance may not be sufficient to cover the financial, legal, or reputational losses that may
result from an interruption or breach of our systems. 

Any
of the above-described cyber or other security-related incidents may trigger notification obligations to affected individuals and government
agencies, legal claims or proceedings, and liability under foreign, federal, provincial, and state laws that protect the privacy and
security of personal information. Our proprietary and confidential information may also be accessed. Any one of these events could cause
our business to be materially harmed and our results of operations may be adversely impacted. Finally, as cyber threats continue to evolve,
and privacy and cybersecurity laws and regulations continue to develop, we may need to invest additional resources to implement new compliance
measures, strengthen our information security posture, or respond to cyber threats and incidents. 

We
may expand our business through the acquisition of rights to new pipeline candidates that could disrupt our business and harm our financial
condition. 

We
may expand our product offerings, and we may seek acquisitions of pipeline candidates or technologies to do so. We may also seek to expand
our business through the acquisition of businesses or companies having rights to new pipeline candidates. Acquisitions involve numerous
risks, including substantial cash expenditures; potentially dilutive issuances of equity securities; incurrence of debt and contingent
liabilities, some of which may be difficult or impossible to identify at the time of the acquisition; difficulties in assimilating the
acquired technologies or the operations of the acquired companies; diversion of management s attention away from other business
concerns; risks of entering markets in which we have limited or no direct experience; and the potential loss of key employees or key
employees of the acquired companies. 

52 

There
can be no assurance that any acquisition by us will result in short-term or long-term benefits to us. We may incorrectly judge the value
or worth of an acquired product, company or business. In addition, future success of the combined company will depend in part on our
ability to manage the rapid growth associated with some of these acquisitions. There can be no assurance that we will be able to make
the combination of our business with that of any acquired products, businesses, or companies work or be successful. Furthermore, the
development or expansion of our business or any acquired products, businesses, or companies may require a substantial capital investment
by us. We may not have these necessary funds, or such funds might not be available on acceptable terms or at all. We may also seek to
raise funds by selling capital stock or instruments convertible into or exercisable for capital stock, which could dilute each shareholder s
ownership interest. 

Under
current U.S., Canadian, and Israeli law, we may not be able to enforce covenants not to compete or to prevent the breach of
confidentiality agreements, and therefore, may be unable to prevent our competitors from benefiting from the expertise of some of our
former employees. 

We
generally enter into non-competition agreements with our employees and certain key consultants. These agreements prohibit our employees
and certain key consultants, if they cease working for us, from competing directly with us or working for our competitors or clients
for a limited period of time. However, under current U.S., Canadian, and Israeli law, we may be unable to enforce these agreements,
in whole or in part, and therefore, we cannot be sure that these employees and key consultants will not compete with us. For example,
in the past, Israeli courts have required employers seeking to enforce non-compete undertakings of a former employee to demonstrate that
the competitive activities of the former employee will harm one of a limited number of material interests of the employer which have
been recognized by the courts, such as the secrecy of a company s confidential commercial information or the protection of its
intellectual property. If we are unable to demonstrate that harm would be caused to us or otherwise enforce these non-competition agreements,
in whole or in part, we may be unable to prevent our competitors from benefitting from the expertise our former employees or consultants
developed while working for us and our ability to remain competitive may be diminished. 

We
rely on confidential information that we seek to protect through confidentiality agreements with our employees and other parties. If
these agreements are breached, competitors may obtain and use our confidential information to gain a competitive advantage over us or
could substantially delay product development or harm our commercialization activities. We may not have any remedies against our competitors
and any remedies that may be available to us may not be adequate to protect our business or compensate us for the damaging disclosure.
In addition, we may have to expend resources to protect our interests from possible infringement by others, which may divert our available
funds away from our business activities. 

Global,
market and economic conditions may negatively impact our business, financial condition and share price. 

Concerns
over inflation, geopolitical issues, the U.S. financial markets, foreign exchange rates, capital and exchange controls, unstable
global credit markets and financial conditions and the COVID-19 pandemic and the ongoing effects from such conditions have led to
periods of significant economic instability, declines in consumer confidence and discretionary spending, diminished expectations for
the global economy and expectations of slower global economic growth going forward, and increased unemployment rates. Our general
business strategy may be adversely affected by any such economic downturns, volatile business environments and continued unstable or
unpredictable economic and market conditions. If these conditions continue to deteriorate or do not improve, it may make any
necessary debt or equity financing more difficult to complete, more costly, and more dilutive. In addition, there is a risk that one
or more of our current or future service providers, manufacturers, suppliers, our third-party payors, and other partners could be
negatively affected by difficult economic times, which could adversely affect our ability to attain our operating goals on schedule
and on budget or meet our business and financial objectives. 

53 

In
addition, we face several risks associated with international business and are subject to global events beyond our control, including
war, public health crises, such as pandemics and epidemics, trade disputes, economic sanctions, trade wars and their collateral impacts
and other international events. Any of these changes could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition
or results of operations. There may be changes to our business if there is instability, disruption or destruction in a significant geographic
region, regardless of cause, including war, terrorism, riot, civil insurrection or social unrest; and natural or man-made disasters,
including famine, flood, fire, earthquake, storm or disease. In February 2022, armed conflict escalated between Russia and Ukraine. The
sanctions announced by the U.S. and other countries, following Russia s invasion of Ukraine against Russia to date include restrictions
on selling or importing goods, services or technology in or from affected regions and travel bans and asset freezes impacting connected
individuals and political, military, business and financial organizations in Russia. The U.S. and other countries could impose wider
sanctions and take other actions should the conflict further escalate. It is not possible to predict the broader consequences of this
conflict, which could include further sanctions, embargoes, regional instability, geopolitical shifts and adverse effects on macroeconomic
conditions, currency exchange rates and financial markets, all of which could impact our business, financial condition and results of
operations. 

We
have significant operations located in Israel and, therefore, our results may be adversely affected by political, economic, and military
instability in Israel. 

Our
subsidiary s operations are located in Rehovot, Israel. Accordingly, political, economic, and military conditions in Israel may
directly affect our business. Since the establishment of the State of Israel in 1948, a number of armed conflicts have taken place between
Israel and its neighboring countries. Any hostilities involving Israel or the interruption or curtailment of trade between Israel and
its trading partners could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

Any
armed conflicts, terrorist activities, or political instability in the region could adversely affect business conditions and could harm
our results of operations and could make it more difficult for us to raise capital. Parties with whom we do business have sometimes declined
to travel to Israel during periods of heightened unrest or tension, forcing us to make alternative arrangements when necessary in order
to meet our business partners face to face. In addition, the political and security situation in Israel may result in parties with whom
we have agreements involving performance in Israel claiming that they are not obligated to perform their commitments under those agreements
pursuant to force majeure provisions in such agreements. 

Since
the Gaza Strip s 2007 coup, by which the terrorist organization Hamas seized control, there have been a number of armed conflicts
between Hamas and Israel in December-January 2008-9, November 2012, July-August 2014, May 2021, and as recently as August 2022
 in all of which conflicts, rockets were fired from Gaza into Israeli civilian population centers. During the summer of 2006,
Israel was engaged in an armed conflict with Hezbollah, a Lebanese Islamist Shiite militia group and political party backed by Iran and
controlling large swathes of Lebanon. These conflicts involved missile strikes against civilian targets in various parts of Israel, including
areas in which our Rehovot facilities, employees and some of our consultants are located, and negatively affected business conditions
in Israel. Civil unrest and political turbulence have occurred in other countries in the region, including Syria which shares a common
border with Israel, and is affecting the political stability of those countries. Since April 2011, a civil war that has been ongoing
in Syria has escalated, and evidence indicates that chemical weapons have been used in the region. This instability and any intervention
may lead to additional conflicts in the region. In addition, Iran has threatened to attack Israel and is widely believed to be developing
nuclear weapons. Iran also has a strong influence among extremist groups in the region, such as Hamas in Gaza, Hezbollah in Lebanon,
and both the Allawite regime and various rebel militia groups in Syria. These situations may potentially escalate in the future to more
violent events which may affect Israel and us. Any armed conflicts, terrorist activities, or political instability in the region could
adversely affect business conditions and could harm our results of operations and could make it more difficult for us to raise capital. 

Commercial
insurance does not cover losses that may occur as a result of an event associated with the security situation in the Middle East. Although
the Israeli government is currently committed to covering the reinstatement value of direct damages that are caused by terrorist attacks
or acts of war, we cannot assure that this government coverage will be maintained, or if maintained, will be sufficient to compensate
us fully for damages incurred. Any losses or damages incurred by us could have a material adverse effect on our business. Any armed conflicts
or political instability in the region would likely negatively affect business conditions generally and could harm our results of operations. 

54 

Political
relations could limit our ability to sell or buy internationally. 

We
could be adversely affected by the interruption or reduction of trade between Israel and its trading partners. To date, the State of
Israel and Israeli companies have been repeatedly subjected to economic boycotts. Several countries, companies and organizations continue
to participate in a boycott of Israeli firms and others doing business with Israel or with Israeli companies. Also, over the past several
years there have been calls in Europe and elsewhere to reduce trade with Israel. These restrictive laws and policies may have an adverse
impact on our operating results, financial condition or the expansion of our business. 

The
operations of our subsidiary in Israel may be disrupted as a result of the obligation of Israeli citizens to perform military service. 

Many
Israeli citizens are obligated to perform several days, and in some cases more, of annual military reserve duty until they reach the
age of 40 (or older, for reservists who are officers or who have certain special training) and, in the event of a military conflict,
may be called to active duty. In response to increases in terrorist activity and recent armed conflicts, there have been periods
of significant call-ups of military reservists. It is possible that there will be military reserve duty call-ups in the future. The operations
of our subsidiary in Israel could be disrupted by such call-ups, which may include the call-up of our employees or the employees of our
Israeli business partners. Such disruption could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Exchange
rate fluctuations between the United States Dollar, Canadian Dollar and the New Israeli Shekel currencies may negatively affect our earnings
cash flows. 

Our functional currency is the United States Dollar. We incur expenses
in New Israeli Shekel, which we refer to as NIS, Canadian Dollars, United States Dollars and the Euro. As a result, we are exposed to
the risks that the United States Dollar may devalue relative to the Canadian Dollar, the Euro or NIS, or, if the United States Dollar
appreciates relative to the Canadian Dollar, the Euro or NIS, that the inflation rate in the U.S. may exceed such rate of devaluation
of the United States Dollar, or that the timing of such devaluation may lag behind inflation in the U.S. The average exchange rate for
the year ended December 31, 2022, was US 1.00 = NIS 3.3579, US 1.00 = CAD 1.3005 and US 1.00 = 0.9694. We cannot predict any future
trends in the rate of inflation in the U.S.or the rate of devaluation, if any, of the United States Dollar against the Canadian Dollar,
Euro or NIS. 

Risks
Related to Our Intellectual Property 

Our
success depends on our ability to maintain the proprietary nature of our technology. We may become subject to third parties claims
alleging infringement of patents and proprietary rights or seeking to invalidate our patents or proprietary rights, which would be costly,
time-consuming, and, if successfully asserted against us, delay or prevent the development of our current or future pipeline candidates
or commercialization of our products . 

Our
success in large part depends on our ability to maintain the proprietary nature of our technology. To do so, we must, at significant
cost, prosecute patent applications and maintain existing patents, obtain new patents, and pursue trade secret and other intellectual
property protection. We also must operate without infringing the proprietary rights of third parties or allowing third parties to infringe
our rights. We currently have rights to over 200 fully owned, co-owned, or exclusively licensed patents and patent applications. However,
patent issues relating to pharmaceuticals and biologics involve complex legal, scientific, and factual questions. 

To
date, no consistent policy has emerged regarding the breadth of biotechnology patent claims that are granted by the United States Patent
and Trademark Office or enforced by the federal courts. Therefore, we do not know whether our patent applications will result in the
issuance of patents, or that any patents issued to us will provide us with any competitive advantage. We also cannot be sure that we
will develop additional proprietary products that are patentable. Furthermore, there is a risk that others will independently develop
similar technology or products or circumvent the patents issued to us. 

55 

Even if we are issued patents for our technologies, there is always a risk
that third parties will submit prior art, or initiate opposition, derivation, reexamination, supplemental, examination, interference proceedings,
post grant review or inter parties review proceedings to challenge the validity of one or more of our patents. These proceedings can result
in the loss of patent claims. Even if we are successful in defending our patents during these proceedings, these procedures are time consuming
and expensive and may have a negative impact on our results. An adverse determination in any such submission or proceeding could reduce
the scope of, or invalidate, our patent rights, allow third parties to commercialize our technology or products and compete directly with
us, or reduce our ability to manufacture or commercialize products. Furthermore, if the scope or strength of protection provided by our
patents and patent applications is threatened, it could discourage companies from collaborating with us to license, develop or commercialize
current or future products. The ownership of our proprietary rights could also be challenged. 

There is also a risk that third parties may challenge our existing patents
in court or claim that we are infringing their patents or proprietary rights. We cannot assure you that the manufacture, use, sale, offer
for sale, or importation of any of our products or current or future pipeline candidates will not infringe existing or future patents.
Because we have not conducted a formal freedom to operate analysis for patents related to our products or pipeline candidates, we may
not be aware of patents that have already been issued that a third-party might assert are infringed by one of our products or current
or future pipeline candidates. Because patent applications can take many years to issue and may be confidential for eighteen months or
more after filing, there also may be applications now pending of which we are unaware and which may later result in issued patents that
we may infringe by commercializing any of our products or current or future pipeline candidates. Similarly, publication of discoveries
in the scientific or patent literature often lags behind actual discoveries. We cannot be certain that we or our licensors were the first
to invent, or the first to file, patent applications covering our products and candidates. We also may not know if our competitors filed
patent applications for technology covered by our pending applications or if we were the first to invent the technology that is the subject
of our patent applications. Competitors may have filed patent applications or received patents and may obtain additional patents and proprietary
rights that block or compete with our patents. We could incur substantial costs in defending patent infringement suits or in filing suits
against others to have their patents declared invalid or to claim infringement of our patents. It is also possible that we may be required
to obtain licenses from third parties to avoid infringing third-party patents or other proprietary rights. We cannot be sure that such
third-party licenses would be available to us on acceptable terms, if at all. If we are unable to obtain required third-party licenses,
we may be delayed in or prohibited from developing, manufacturing or selling products requiring such licenses. 

Although
our patent filings include claims covering various features of our pipeline candidates, including composition, methods of manufacture
and use, our patents do not provide us with complete protection against the development of competing products. Furthermore, follow-on
versions of patented biologic products (i.e., biosimilars) may have structural differences that cause them to fall outside the scope
of patent claims. Some of our know-how and technology is not patentable. To protect our proprietary rights in unpatentable intellectual
property and trade secrets, we require employees, consultants, advisors, and collaborators to enter into confidentiality agreements.
These agreements may not provide meaningful protection for our trade secrets, know-how, or other proprietary information. 

Our
3-antigen HBV vaccine is not currently protected by any pending patent application nor any unexpired patent. Accordingly, our 3-antigen
HBV vaccine may be subject to competition from the sale of generic products that could adversely affect our business and operations. 

Our 3-antigen HBV vaccine has no patent protection, and therefore, we will
seek to rely on trade secrets, know-how, other non-patent intellectual property, and non-patent data exclusivity in the BPCIA and similar
legislation in other countries, which is described further under Risks Related to our Intellectual Property We
may not be able to obtain marketing exclusivity in the U.S. under the BPCIA or equivalent regulatory data exclusivity protection in other
jurisdictions for our products . Non-patent protection, however, can be weaker than the protection afforded by patents. For
example, trade secret protection is effective only against wrongful acquisition, use or disclosure of confidential information, and only
while the trade secret remains confidential and meets the legal standards to qualify as a trade secret. A competitor can avoid a claim
of trade secret misappropriation by showing, for example, loss of confidentiality or independent development without use of a trade secret
owner s information, however, this typically requires some time, effort, and financial resources to develop independently. In the
event that our competition can develop a substantially equivalent product to our 3-antigen HBV vaccine independently, this competition
could have a materially adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results. 

Our
3-antigen HBV vaccine is the only product we currently market in the U.S. and Israel or are planning to commercialize in Europe and Canada.
Failure to obtain and retain marketing exclusivity or expiration of the market exclusivity could adversely affect the revenue
potential for our 3-antigen HBV vaccine in the jurisdictions where it is approved for sale. 

Our
ability to protect and enforce our patents does not guarantee that we will secure the right to commercialize the patents. 

A
patent is a limited monopoly right conferred upon an inventor, and any successors in title, in return for the making and disclosing of
a useful, new, and non-obvious invention. This monopoly is of limited duration but, while in force, allows the patent holder to prevent
others from making and/or using his invention. While a patent gives the holder this right to exclude others, it is not a license to commercialize
the invention, where other permissions may be required for permissible commercialization to occur. For example, a drug cannot be marketed
in the U.S. without the appropriate authorization from the FDA, regardless of the existence of a patent covering the product.
Further, the invention, even if patented itself, may be prohibited from commercialization if it infringes the valid patent rights of
another party. 

Furthermore,
the issuance of a patent, while presumed valid and enforceable, is not conclusive as to its validity or its enforceability and it may
not provide us with adequate proprietary protection or competitive advantages against competitors with similar products. Competitors
may also be able to design around our patents. Other parties may develop and obtain patent protection for more effective technologies,
designs or methods. We may not be able to prevent the unauthorized disclosure or use of our technical knowledge or trade secrets by consultants,
vendors, former employees and current employees. 

56 

Obtaining
and maintaining our patent protection depends on compliance with various procedural, documentary, fee payment and other requirements
imposed by governmental patent offices, and our patent protection could be reduced or eliminated for non-compliance with these requirements. 

The
United States Patent and Trademark Office and various foreign governmental patent offices require compliance with a number of procedural,
documentary, fee payment, and other provisions during the patent process. There are situations in which noncompliance can result in abandonment
or lapse of a patent or patent application, resulting in partial or complete loss of patent rights in the relevant jurisdiction. In such
an event, competitors might be able to enter the market earlier than would otherwise have been the case, which could result in a material
adverse effect on our business or results of operations. 

We
are dependent on technologies we have licensed, and we may need to license in the future, and if we fail to obtain licenses we need,
or fail to comply with our payment obligations in the agreements under which we in-license intellectual property and other rights from
third parties, we could lose our ability to develop our pipeline candidates. 

We
currently are dependent on licenses from third parties for certain of our key technologies, including the license under the Amended and
Restated Ferring License Agreement between us, Ferring International Center S.A. Ferring ), a company incorporated pursuant
to the laws of Switzerland and SciVac, and the license from UMPC. Under the Amended and Restated Ferring License Agreement, we are committed to pay
Ferring royalties equal to 3.5 of net sales (as defined therein) of HbsAg Product (as defined therein). Under the Assignment
Agreement between FDS Pharm LLP and SciGen Ltd., dated February 14, 2012 (the SciGen Assignment Agreement ), we are required
to pay royalties to SciGen Ltd. equal to 5 of net sales (as defined in the original Ferring License Agreement) of Product. Under the
original Ferring License Agreement and the SciGen Assignment Agreement, we originally were to pay royalties on a country-by-country
basis until the date 10 years after the date of commencement of the first royalty year in respect of such country. In April 2019, we
exercised our option to extend the original Ferring License Agreement in respect of all the countries that still make up the territory
for an additional 7 years by making a one-time payment to Ferring of 100. Royalties under the Amended and Restated Ferring License Agreement
and SciGen Assignment Agreement will continue to be payable for the duration of the extended license periods. Under our license agreement
with UPMC and other licensors relating to eVLP technology, we have an exclusive license to a family of patents that is expected to expire
in the U.S. in 2023 and expired in other countries in 2021. Under this agreement, we are required to pay UPMC between 0.75 
to 1.75 of net sales and certain lump-sum milestone payments. UPMC is also a co-owner of the patent family covering our VBI-1501 CMV
vaccine and we are negotiating extension of our existing license to cover this patent family. 

No
assurance can be given that our existing license will be extended on reasonable terms or at all. In addition, we expect we will need
to license intellectual property from other third parties in the future and that these licenses will be material to our business. No
assurance can be given that we will generate sufficient revenue or raise additional financing to meet our payment obligations in the
license agreements with Ferring, UPMC, or other license agreements we enter into with third parties in the future. Any failure to make
the payments required by the license agreements may permit the licensor to terminate the license. If we were to lose or otherwise be
unable to maintain these licenses for any reason, it would halt our ability to develop our pipeline candidates. Furthermore, such loss
of these licenses may enable development of new products that may compete with our pipeline candidates, and our competitors may gain
proprietary position. Any of the foregoing could result in a material adverse effect on our business or results of operations. 

In
addition, we do not own the patents or patent applications that we license, and as such, we may need to rely upon our licensors to properly
prosecute and maintain those patent applications and prevent infringement of those patents. If our licensors are unable to adequately
protect their proprietary intellectual property we license from legal challenges, or we are unable to enforce such licensed intellectual
property against infringement or alternative technologies, we will not be able to compete effectively in the drug discovery and development
business. 

57 

If
patent laws or the interpretation of patent laws change, our competitors may be able to develop and commercialize our discoveries. 

Important
legal issues remain to be resolved as to the extent and scope of available patent protection for biopharmaceutical products and
processes in the U.S. and other important markets outside the U.S., such as Europe, China and Japan. As such, litigation or
administrative proceedings may be necessary to determine the validity, scope and ownership of certain of our and others 
proprietary rights. Any such litigation or proceeding may result in a significant commitment of resources in the future and could
force us to do one or more of the following: cease selling or using any of our products that incorporate the challenged intellectual
property, which would adversely affect our revenue; obtain a license or other rights from the holder of the intellectual property
right alleged to have been infringed or otherwise violated, which license may not be available on reasonable terms, if at all; and
redesign our products to avoid infringing or violating the intellectual property rights of third parties, which may be
time-consuming or impossible to do. In addition, changes in patent laws in the U.S. and other countries may result in
allowing others to use our discoveries or develop and commercialize our products. We cannot provide assurance that the patents we
obtain or the unpatented technology we hold will afford us significant commercial protection. 

We
may not be able to enforce our intellectual property rights throughout the world. This risk is exacerbated for us because we expect that
one or more of our products or pipeline candidates will be manufactured and used in a number of foreign countries. 

Patent
rights are territorial, and patent protection extends only to those countries where we have issued patents. Filing, prosecuting, and defending
patents on our products and product candidates in all countries and jurisdictions throughout the world would be prohibitively expensive,
and our intellectual property rights in some countries outside the U.S. could be less extensive than those in the U.S. Competitors may
successfully challenge or avoid our patents, or manufacture products in countries where we have not applied for patent protection. Changes
in the patent laws in the U.S. or other countries may diminish the value of our patent rights. As a result of these and other factors,
the scope, validity, enforceability, and commercial value of our patent rights are uncertain and unpredictable. 

The
laws of foreign countries may not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the U.S. Many companies
have encountered significant problems in protecting and defending intellectual property rights in certain foreign jurisdictions. This
risk is exacerbated for us as a result of our existing and planned manufacturing operations, clinical study sites, and marketing authorizations
in a number of foreign countries. 

The
legal systems of some countries, particularly developing countries, do not favor the enforcement of patents and other intellectual property
protection, especially those relating to life sciences. This could make it difficult for us to stop the infringement or other misappropriation
of our intellectual property rights. For example, several foreign countries have compulsory licensing laws under which a patent owner
must grant licenses to third parties. In addition, some countries limit the enforceability of patents against third parties, including
government agencies or government contractors. In these countries, patents and trade secrets may provide limited or no benefit. 

Most
jurisdictions in which we have applied for, intend to apply for or have been issued patents have patent protection laws similar to those
of the U.S., but some of them do not. For example, in addition to the collaboration with Brii Bio, we may do business in China, Indonesia,
and India in the future, these countries may not provide the same or similar protection as that provided in the U.S. Additionally,
due to uncertainty in patent protection law, we have not filed applications in many countries where significant markets exist. 

Proceedings
to enforce patent rights in foreign jurisdictions could result in substantial costs and divert our efforts and attention from other aspects
of our business. Accordingly, efforts to protect our intellectual property rights in such countries may be inadequate. In addition, changes
in the law and legal decisions by courts in the U.S. and foreign countries may affect our ability to obtain adequate protection
for our technology and the enforcement of our intellectual property. 

58 

If
we are not able to adequately prevent disclosure of trade secrets and other proprietary information, the value of our technology and
products could be significantly diminished. 

We
rely on trade secrets to protect our proprietary technologies to maintain our competitive position, especially where we do not believe
patent protection is appropriate or obtainable. However, trade secrets are difficult to protect. We rely in part on confidentiality agreements
with our employees, consultants, outside scientific collaborators, sponsored researchers, contract manufacturers, vendors and other advisors
to protect our trade secrets and other proprietary information. These agreements may not effectively prevent disclosure of confidential
information and may not provide an adequate remedy in the event of unauthorized disclosure of confidential information. In addition,
we cannot guarantee that we have executed these agreements with each party that may have or have had access to our trade secrets. Furthermore,
if the employees and consultants who are parties to these agreements breach or violate the terms of these agreements, we may not have
adequate remedies for any such breach or violation, and we could lose our trade secrets through such breaches or violations. Further,
our trade secrets or similar knowledge relevant to our business could otherwise become known or be independently discovered by our competitors. 

We
may be subject to damages resulting from claims that we or our employees have wrongfully used or disclosed alleged trade secrets of their
former employers. 

Our
employees may have been previously employed at other companies in the industry, including our competitors or potential competitors. Although
we are not aware of any claims currently pending against us, we may be subject to claims that these employees or we have inadvertently
or otherwise used or disclosed trade secrets or other proprietary information of the former employers of our employees. Litigation may
be necessary to defend against these claims. Even if we are successful in defending against these claims, litigation could result in
substantial costs and be a distraction to management. If we fail in defending such claims, in addition to paying money claims, we may
lose valuable intellectual property rights or personnel. A loss of key personnel or their work product could hamper or prevent our ability
to commercialize product(s), which would materially adversely affect our commercial development efforts. 

We
may not be able to monetize intangible assets, including IPR D and goodwill, which may result in the need to record an impairment
charge. 

Our
consolidated balance sheet contains approximately 58.3 million of intangible assets. For IPR D assets, which consist of the CMV
and GBM programs, the risk of failure is significant, and there can be no certainty that these assets ultimately will yield
successful products. The nature of our business is high-risk and requires that we invest in a large number of projects in an effort
to achieve a successful portfolio of approved products. Our ability to realize value on these significant investments is often
contingent upon, among other things, regulatory approvals, availability of resources, and market acceptance. These IPR D and
goodwill assets may become impaired and be written off at some time in the future, which can have a material adverse effect on the
financial statements. The fair value of our CMV asset was in excess of its carrying value by greater than 25 as of August 31, 2022.
In the event we continue to experience challenging market conditions, insufficient internal resources due to competing programs, and
changes in the competitive and technological landscape for CMV vaccines, this may give rise to a triggering event that may require
the Company to record impairment charges on our IPR D assets and/or goodwill in the future. 

 While
all intangible assets can face events and circumstances that can lead to impairment, in general, intangible assets that are most at risk
of impairment include IPR D assets. IPR D assets are high-risk, as research and development is an inherently risky activity. 

59 

We
may not be able to obtain marketing exclusivity in the U.S. under the BPCIA or equivalent regulatory data exclusivity protection
in other jurisdictions for our products. 

The
BPCIA, which is included in the Affordable Care Act, provides the manufacturer of innovator biologic to seek a twelve-year period of
marketing exclusivity. Similar data exclusivity regimes exist in the EU and in Canada, although the term of market exclusivity is shorter
than in the U.S. We intend to seek the maximum period of market exclusivity for our 3-antigen HBV vaccine and our other pipeline candidates
in each jurisdiction, but there is no guarantee that any of our products will receive any marketing exclusivity under the BPCIA, or under
analogous legislation in other jurisdictions. Furthermore, changes in applicable law could alter any period of market exclusivity or
limit its availability. Our failure to obtain exclusivity for any product that is ultimately approved by the FDA, the EMA or Health Canada
may expose us to substantial competition, which could have significant adverse financial consequences. 

Risks
Related to Our Indebtedness 

Our
obligations under our credit facility are secured by substantially all of our assets, so if we default on those obligations, the lender
could foreclose on our assets. As a result of these security interests, such assets would only be available to satisfy claims of our
general creditors or to holders of our equity securities if we were to become insolvent at a time when the value of such assets exceeded
the amount of our indebtedness and other obligations. 

K2HV,
pursuant to the Loan Agreement, as amended by the First Amendment and the Second Amendment, has a security interest in substantially
all of our assets other than intellectual property. As a result, if we default under our obligations to the lender, the lender could
foreclose on its security interests and liquidate some or all of these assets, which would harm our business, financial condition
and results of operations. The principal amount of the term loan as of December 31, 2022, was 55 million 55.7 million including
the exit fees). 

In
the event of a default, K2HV would have a prior right to substantially all of our assets to the exclusion of our general creditors.
In that event, our assets would first be used to repay in full all indebtedness and other obligations secured by K2HV, resulting in
all or a portion of our assets being unavailable to satisfy the claims of any unsecured indebtedness. Only after satisfying the
claims of any unsecured creditors would any amount be available for our equity holders. These events of default include, among other
things, our failure to pay any amounts due under the Loan Agreement, as amended by the First Amendment and the Second Amendment, or
any of the other loan documents, a breach of covenants under the Loan Agreement, our insolvency, a material adverse effect
occurring, the occurrence of certain defaults under certain other indebtedness or certain final judgments against us. 

The
pledge of these assets and other restrictions may limit our flexibility in raising capital for other purposes. Because substantially
all of our assets are pledged under the term loan, our ability to incur additional secured indebtedness or to sell or dispose of assets
to raise capital may be impaired, which could have an adverse effect on our financial flexibility. 

If
we are unable to comply with certain financial and operating restrictions in our existing credit facility, we may be limited in our business
activities and access to credit or may default under our credit facility. 

Provisions
in the Loan Agreement as amended by the First Amendment and the Second Amendment, impose restrictions or require prior approval on our
ability, and the ability of certain of our subsidiaries to, among other things: 

incur
 additional debt; 

pay
 dividends and make distributions; 

make
 certain investments and acquisitions; 

60 

guarantee
 the indebtedness of others or our subsidiaries; 

redeem
 or repurchase capital shares; 

create
 liens or encumbrances; 

enter
 into transactions with affiliates; 

engage
 in new lines of business; 

sell,
 lease or transfer certain parts of our business or property; 

incur
 obligations for capital expenditures; 

issue
 additional capital shares; and 

acquire
 new companies and merge or consolidate. 

The
Loan Agreement, as amended by the First Amendment and the Second Amendment also contains other customary covenants, including minimum
net revenue covenants. We may not be able to comply with these covenants in the future. Our failure to comply with these covenants may
result in the declaration of an event of default, which, if not cured or waived, may result in the acceleration of the maturity of indebtedness
outstanding under this agreement and would require us to pay all amounts outstanding. If the maturity of our indebtedness is accelerated,
we may not have sufficient funds available for repayment or we may not have the ability to borrow or obtain sufficient funds to replace
the accelerated indebtedness on terms acceptable to us or at all. Our failure to repay our indebtedness would result in K2HV foreclosing
on all or a portion of our assets and force us to curtail or cease our operations. 

Our
outstanding term loan obligations may adversely affect our cash flow and our ability to operate our business. 

Pursuant
to the terms of Loan Agreement as amended by the First Amendment and the Second Amendment, K2HV made a term loan to us in aggregate
amount of 50.0 million. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we made average monthly payments of interest in the amount of approximately
 293. We are required to pay interest only until maturity on September 14, 2026. 

The
terms of our term loan could have negative consequences to us, such as: 

we
 may be unable to obtain additional financing to fund working capital, operating losses, capital expenditures or acquisitions on terms
 acceptable to us, or at all; 

the amount of our interest expense may increase because our term loan has
a variable rate of interest at any time dependent on the Wall Street Journal, Money Rates prime rate; and 

we
 may be more vulnerable to economic downturns and adverse developments in our industry or the economy in general. 

Our
ability to meet our expenses and debt obligations will depend on our future performance, which will be affected by financial, business,
economic, regulatory and other factors. We will be unable to control many of these factors, such as economic conditions. We cannot be
certain that we will continue to have sufficient capital to allow us to pay the principal and interest on our debt and meet any other
obligations. If we do not have enough money to service our debt, we may be required, but unable to refinance all or part of our existing
debt, sell assets, borrow money, or raise equity on terms acceptable to us, if at all, and K2HV could foreclose on its security interests
and liquidate some or all of our assets. 

61 

Risks
Related to Our Common Shares 

The
price of our common shares has been, and may continue to be, volatile. This may affect the ability of our investors to
sell their shares, and the value of an investment in our common shares may decline. 

During
the 12-month period ended March 10, 2023, our common shares traded as high as 1.86 per share and as low as 0.334 per share.
The market prices of our common shares may continue to be volatile and could fluctuate widely in response to various factors, many of
which are beyond our control, including the following: 

future
 announcements about us, our collaborators, or competitors, including the results of testing, technological innovations, or new products
 and services; 

clinical
 trial results; 

depletion
 of cash reserves; 

additions
 or departures of key personnel; 

operating
 results that fall below expectations; 

announcements
 by us relating to any strategic relationship; 

sales
 of equity securities or issuance of additional debt; 

industry
 developments; 

changes
 in state, provincial, or federal regulations affecting us and our industry; 

the
 continued large fluctuations in major stock market indexes which causes investors to sell our common shares; 

economic,
 political, and other external factors; and 

period-to-period
 fluctuations in our financial results. 

Furthermore,
the stock market in general and the market for biotechnology companies, in particular, have from time-to-time experienced extreme
price and volume fluctuations that are unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of the affected companies. The
COVID-19 pandemic and its ongoing effects has resulted in significant financial market volatility and uncertainty. A continuation or
worsening of the levels of market disruption and volatility seen in the recent past could have an adverse effect on our ability to
access capital, on our business, results of operations and financial condition, and on the market price of our common
shares. 

Our
failure to meet the continued listing requirements of Nasdaq could result in a delisting of our common shares. 

On
July 1, 2022, we received a letter from the Listings Qualifications Department of Nasdaq indicating that, based upon the closing bid
price of our common shares for the 30 consecutive business day period between May 18, 2022, through June 30, 2022, we did not meet the
minimum bid price of 1.00 per share required for continued listing on Nasdaq pursuant to Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2) (the Minimum Bid Price Requirement ). On December
29, 2022, we were granted an additional 180-day period, or until June 26, 2023, to regain compliance with the Minimum Bid Price Requirement. 

In
order to regain compliance with the Minimum Bid Price Requirement, our common shares must maintain a minimum closing bid price of 1.00
for at least ten consecutive business days during the additional 180-day grace period, which will end on June 26, 2023. As of the date
of this filing, we have not regained compliance with the Minimum Bid Price Rule, and there can be no assurance that the market price
of our common shares will remain at least 1.00 for a minimum of ten consecutive business days in order for us to regain compliance with
the Minimum Bid Price Rule prior to June 26, 2023. 

62 

In
the event that we do not regain compliance by June 26, 2023, Nasdaq will notify us that our common shares are subject to delisting. We
would then be permitted to appeal any delisting determination to a Nasdaq Hearings Panel. Our common shares would remain listed on Nasdaq pending the panel s decision after the hearing. If we do not appeal the delisting determination, or do not
succeed in such an appeal, we may list our common shares on an over-the-counter exchange. Any such delisting determination could seriously
decrease or eliminate the value of an investment in our common shares. 

To
resolve the noncompliance, we may consider available options including a reverse share split, which may not result in a permanent
increase in the market price of our shares, which is dependent on many factors, including general economic, market and industry
conditions and other factors detailed from time to time in the reports we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the
 SEC ). It is not uncommon for the market price of a company s shares to decline in the period following a reverse
share split. 

Although
we expect to take actions intended to restore our compliance with the listing requirements, we can provide no assurance that any action
taken by us would be successful, or that any such action would stabilize the market price or improve the liquidity of our shares. Should
a delisting occur, an investor would likely find it significantly more difficult to dispose of, or to obtain accurate quotations as to
the value of our shares, and our ability to raise future capital through the sale of our shares could be severely limited. 

We
have no immediate plans to pay dividends. 

We
plan to reinvest all of our earnings, to the extent we have earnings, in order to market our products and to cover operating costs and
to otherwise become and remain competitive. We do not plan to pay any cash dividends with respect to our securities in the foreseeable
future. We cannot assure you that we would, at any time, generate sufficient surplus cash that would be available for distribution to
the holders of our common shares as a dividend. In addition, our Loan Agreement, as amended by the First Amendment and the Second Amendment, with K2HV prohibits us from declaring or paying cash
dividends or making distributions on any class of our capital stock. We currently intend to retain earnings, if any, for reinvestment
in our business. Therefore, holders of our common shares should not expect to receive cash dividends on our common shares. 

Common
shares eligible for future sale may cause the price of our common shares to decline. 

From
time to time, certain of our shareholders may be eligible to sell all or some of their restricted common shares by means of ordinary
brokerage transactions in the open market pursuant to Rule 144, promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, subject to
certain limitations. In general, pursuant to Rule 144, non-affiliate shareholders may sell freely after six months, subject only to the
current public information requirement (which disappears after one year). Of the 258,257,494 common shares outstanding as of December
31, 2022, approximately 74.1 common shares are held by non-affiliates, all of which are currently freely tradable either
because those were issued in a registered offering or pursuant to Rule 144. 

Any
substantial sale of our common shares pursuant to Rule 144 or pursuant to any resale prospectus may have a material adverse effect on
the market price of our common shares. 

In
addition, as of December 31, 2022, we had outstanding options, awards, convertible debt, and warrants for the purchase of 32,571,391
common shares. Of this amount, options, awards, convertible debt, and warrants for the purchase of 16,248,435 common shares are held
by non-affiliates, who may sell these shares in the public markets from time to time, without limitations on the timing, amount, or method
of sale. If our share price rises, the holders may exercise their options and sell a large number of shares. This could cause the market
price of our common shares to decline. 

Although
we expect that we will not be classified as a passive foreign investment company PFIC in 2023, there can be no assurance
that we will not be classified as a PFIC in 2023 or any subsequent year, which would result in adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences
to U.S. holders of our common shares. 

A
non-U.S. corporation, such as us, would be classified as a PFIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes for any taxable year if either (i)
75 or more of its gross income is passive income, or (ii) 50 or more of the value of its assets (based on an average of the values
of the assets during a taxable year) is attributable to assets that produce or are held for the production of passive income. We do not
expect to be a PFIC for the 2023 taxable year. However, the fair market value of our assets may be determined in large part by the market
price of our common shares, which is likely to fluctuate, and the composition of our income and assets will be affected by how, and how
quickly, we spend any cash that is raised in any financing transaction. No assurance can be provided that we will not be classified as
a PFIC for the 2023 taxable year or any future taxable year. If we are a PFIC in any year, U.S. holders will be subject to certain adverse
U.S. federal income tax consequences. Prospective U.S. holders should consult their tax advisors regarding our PFIC status. 

63 

We
are a smaller reporting company and may elect to comply with reduced public company reporting requirements, which could
make our common shares less attractive to investors. 

We
are currently a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. For as long as we continue to be
a smaller reporting company , we may take advantage of exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable
to other public reporting companies that are not smaller reporting companies, including providing simplified executive compensation disclosures
in our filings and having certain other decreased disclosure obligations in our filings with the SEC, including being required to provide only two years of audited financial statements in our annual reports. Consequently,
it may be more challenging for investors to analyze our results of operations and financial prospects. 

We
will remain a smaller reporting company so long as (1) the value of our common shares held by non-affiliates is less than 250 million
as measured on the last business day of our second fiscal quarter, or (2) our annual revenues are less than 100 million during the most
recently completed fiscal year and the value of our common shares held by non-affiliates is less than 700 million as measured on the
last business day of our second fiscal quarter. 

Furthermore,
we are a non-accelerated filer as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act, and, as such, are not required to provide an auditor attestation
of management s assessment of internal control over financial reporting, which is generally required for SEC reporting companies
under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Because we are not required to, and have not, had our auditor provide an attestation
of our management s assessment of internal control over financial reporting, a material weakness in internal controls may remain
undetected for a longer period. 

We
cannot predict if investors will find our securities less attractive because we may rely on these exemptions. If some investors find
our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the price of our securities
may be more volatile. 

U.S.
civil liabilities may not be enforceable against us or certain of our officers. 

We are governed by the Business Corporations Act (British Columbia) BCBCA and a substantial portion of our assets, including our manufacturing facility in Rehovot, Israel, and our research
facility in Ottawa, Canada, are located outside the U.S. As a result, it may be difficult for investors to effect service of process within
the U.S. upon us or to enforce judgments obtained against us in U.S. courts, in any action, including actions predicated upon the civil
liability provisions of U.S. federal securities laws or any other laws of the U.S. Additionally, rights predicated solely upon civil liability
provisions of U.S. federal securities laws or any other laws of the U.S. may not be enforceable in original actions, or actions to enforce
judgments obtained in U.S. courts, brought in Canadian or Israeli courts. In addition, two of our officers reside outside of the U.S.,
and all or a substantial portion of their assets may be located outside the U.S., which may make effecting service of process within the
U.S. or enforcing judgments obtained against such persons in U.S. courts difficult. 

We
are governed by the corporate laws of British Columbia which in some cases have a different effect on shareholders than the corporate
laws of Delaware, U.S. 

We
are governed by the BCBCA and other relevant laws, which may affect the rights of shareholders differently than those of a company governed
by the laws of a U.S. jurisdiction, and may, together with our charter documents, including the advance notice provisions in
our articles for the nomination of directors, have the effect of delaying, deferring, or discouraging another party from acquiring control
of our company by means of a tender offer, a proxy contest, or otherwise, or may affect the price an acquiring party would be willing
to offer in such an instance. The material differences between the BCBCA and Delaware General Corporation Law DGCL ), that may have
the greatest such effect include, but are not limited to, the following: (i) for material corporate transactions (such as mergers and
amalgamations, other extraordinary corporate transactions or amendments to our articles) the BCBCA generally requires a two-thirds majority
vote by shareholders, whereas DGCL generally only requires a majority vote; and (ii) under the BCBCA a holder of 5 or more of our common
shares can requisition a special meeting of shareholders, whereas such right does not exist under the DGCL. 

64 

The
concentration of the capital stock ownership with our insiders will likely limit the ability of other shareholders to influence corporate
matters. 

As
of December 31, 2022, approximately 25.9 of our outstanding common shares were controlled by our officers, directors, beneficial owners
of 10 or more of our securities, and their respective affiliates. As a result, these shareholders, if they acted together, may be able
to determine or influence matters that require approval by our shareholders, including the election of directors and approval of significant
corporate transactions. Corporate actions might be taken even if other shareholders oppose them. This concentration of ownership might
also have the effect of delaying or preventing a corporate transaction that other shareholders may view as beneficial. 

General
Risk Factors 

We
may not be successful in hiring and retaining key employees, in which case our business may be harmed. 

Our
business is highly dependent upon the continued services of our senior management and key scientific and technical personnel. As such,
our future success depends on our ability to identify, attract, hire or engage, retain, and motivate well-qualified managerial, technical,
clinical, regulatory, business, and commercial personnel. Our operations require qualified personnel with expertise in nonclinical pharmacology
and toxicology, pharmaceutical development, clinical research, legal and regulatory affairs, manufacturing, sales, and marketing. We
must compete for qualified individuals with numerous biopharmaceutical companies, universities, and other research institutions. Competition
for such individuals is intense, and, when the need arises, we may not be able to hire the personnel necessary to support our efforts.
There can be no assurance that these professionals will be available in the market, or that we will be able to retain existing professionals
or to meet or to continue to meet their compensation requirements. Furthermore, the cost base in relation to such compensation, which
may include equity compensation, may increase significantly, which could have a material adverse effect on us. Failure to establish and
maintain an effective management team and work force could adversely affect our ability to operate, grow, and manage our business. Increased
turnover rates within our employee base or as a result of general macroeconomic factors, could lead to increased costs, such as increased
wage rates to attract and retain employees, and could negatively affect our ability to efficiently operate our manufacturing and distribution
facilities and overall business. If we are unable to hire and retain employees capable of performing at a high-level, or if mitigation
measures we may take to respond to a decrease in labor availability, such as overtime and third-party outsourcing, have unintended negative
effects, there may be a material adverse impact on our operations, results of operations, liquidity or cash flows. 

We
could be adversely affected by violations of the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar anti-bribery laws. 

We
are subject to the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar anti-corruption laws in other jurisdictions. These laws generally
prohibit companies and their intermediaries from engaging in bribery or making other prohibited payments to government officials for
the purpose of obtaining or retaining business, and some have record keeping requirements. The failure to comply with these laws could
result in substantial criminal and/or monetary penalties. We operate in jurisdictions that have experienced corruption, bribery, pay-offs,
and other similar practices from time-to-time and, in certain circumstances, such practices may be local custom. Our Code of Business
Conduct and Ethics mandates compliance with these anti-corruption laws. However, we cannot be certain that these policies and procedures
will protect us against liability. There can be no assurance that our employees, other agents, or third-party manufacturers or other
organizations will not engage in such conduct for which we might be held responsible. If our employees, other agents, or third-party
manufacturers or other organizations are found to have engaged in such practices, we could suffer severe criminal or civil penalties
and other consequences that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows,
and/ or share price. 

Business
interruptions could limit our ability to operate our business. 

Our
operations, as well as those of any collaborators on which we depend, are vulnerable to damage or interruption from computer viruses,
human error, natural disasters, extreme weather, electrical and telecommunication failures, international acts of terror, public health
crises, such as pandemics and epidemics, and similar events. Our formal disaster recovery plan and back-up operations and business interruption
insurance may not be adequate to compensate us for losses we may suffer. A significant business interruption could result in losses or
damages incurred by us and require us to cease or curtail our operations. 

65 

For additional discussion of the
impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business, please see the risk factor titled The coronavirus pandemic and its ongoing
effects have caused interruptions or delays of our business plan and may have a significant adverse effect on our business. 

Our
business and operations would suffer in the event of computer system failures, cyber-attacks or deficiencies in our cyber-security. 

In
the ordinary course of our business, we collect and store sensitive data, including intellectual property, research data, our proprietary
business information and that of our suppliers, technical information about our products, clinical trial plans and employee records.
Similarly, our third-party providers possess certain of our sensitive data and confidential information. The secure maintenance of this
information is critical to our operations and business strategy. Despite the implementation of security measures, our internal computer
systems, and those of third parties on which we rely, are vulnerable to damage from computer viruses, malware, ransomware, cyber fraud,
natural disasters, terrorism, war, telecommunication and electrical failures, cyber-attacks or cyber-intrusions over the Internet, attachments
to emails, persons inside our organization, or persons with access to systems inside our organization. The risk of a security breach
or disruption, particularly through cyber-attacks or cyber-intrusion, including by computer hackers, foreign governments, and cyber terrorists,
has generally increased as the number, intensity, and sophistication of attempted attacks and intrusions from around the world have increased.
Any such breach could compromise our networks and the information stored there could be accessed, publicly disclosed, encrypted, lost,
or stolen. Any such access, inappropriate disclosure of confidential or proprietary information, or other loss of information, including
our data being breached at third-party providers, could result in legal claims or proceedings, liability or financial loss under laws
that protect the privacy of personal information, disruption of our operations or our product development programs, and damage to our
reputation, which could adversely affect our business. For example, the loss of clinical trial data from completed or ongoing or planned
clinical trials could result in delays in our regulatory approval efforts and significantly increase our costs to recover or reproduce
the data. 

We are required to comply with the domestic reporting regime under the
Exchange Act, and incur significant legal, accounting, and other expenses, and our management are required to devote substantial time
to compliance initiatives and corporate governance practices. 

We are required to comply with
all of the periodic disclosure and current reporting requirements of the Exchange Act applicable to a publicly traded U.S. domestic issuer.
The obligations of being a public reporting company require significant expenditures, including costs resulting from public company reporting
obligations under the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations regarding corporate governance practices, including those under the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, and the listing requirements of Nasdaq. These rules require the establishment
and maintenance of effective disclosure and financial controls and procedures, internal control over financial reporting and corporate
governance practices, among many other complex rules that are often difficult and time consuming to implement, monitor, and maintain compliance
with. Moreover, despite recent reforms made possible by the JOBS Act, the reporting requirements, rules, and regulations will make some
activities more time-consuming and costly, particularly after we are no longer an emerging growth company. In addition,
these rules and regulations make it more difficult and more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance. Compliance
with such requirements also places significant demands on our management, administrative, operational, internal audit, and accounting
resources. As a result, we incur, and we expect to continue to incur, legal and financial compliance costs and some activities are highly
time consuming and costly. 

66 

There
are inherent limitations in all control systems, and misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 

The
ongoing internal control provisions of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act require us to identify material weaknesses in internal control
over financial reporting, which is a process to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting for external
purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. Our management, including our chief executive
officer and chief financial officer, does not expect that our internal controls and disclosure controls will prevent all errors and all
fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives
of the control system are met. In addition, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints
and the benefit of controls must be relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation
of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, in our company have been detected.
These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because
of simple errors or mistakes. Further, controls can be circumvented by individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more persons,
or by management override of the controls. The design of any system of controls is also based in part upon certain assumptions about
the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving our stated goals under all potential
future conditions. Over time, a control may be inadequate because of changes in conditions, such as growth of the company or increased
transaction volume, or the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of inherent limitations in a
cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 

In
addition, discovery and disclosure of a material weakness, by definition, could have a material adverse impact on our financial statements.
Such an occurrence could discourage certain customers or suppliers from doing business with us, cause downgrades in our future debt ratings
leading to higher borrowing costs and affect how our common shares trade. This could, in turn, negatively affect our ability to access
public debt or equity markets for capital. 

We
may be subject to securities litigation, which is expensive and could divert management attention. 

In
the past, companies that have experienced volatility in the market price of their securities have been subject to securities class action
litigation. We may be the target of this type of litigation in the future. Litigation of this type could result in substantial costs
and diversion of management s attention and resources, which could seriously hurt our business. Any adverse determination in litigation
could also subject us to significant liabilities. 

If
securities or industry analysts do not publish research or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, the price of
our common shares and trading volume could decline. 

The
trading market for our common shares will depend in part on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about
us or our business. Multiple securities and industry analysts currently cover us. If one or more of the analysts downgrade our common
shares or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, the price of our common shares would likely decline. If one
or more of these analysts cease coverage of us or fail to publish reports on us regularly, demand for our common shares could decrease,
which could cause the price of our common shares and trading volume to decline. 

ITEM
1B: UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

Not
applicable. 

67 

ITEM
2: PROPERTIES 

We
rent office and research facility space under several operating leases. 

a) 
 Our headquarters, which is currently comprised of approximately 5,874 square
feet of office space, is held pursuant to a lease agreement that was entered into on September 23, 2021 with Rayjoe Limited Partnership
with a base rent for the premises of 42 per month, subject to a 3 annual increase. The lease commenced on November 1, 2021, and will
run through October 31, 2024 with no option to extend. We are also responsible
for the payment of additional rent, including our pro rata share of real estate taxes, operating expenses, as defined in the lease, and
betterment assessments, as defined in the lease. 

b) 
 Our
 manufacturing facility, which is currently comprised of approximately of 3,651 square meters of manufacturing suite, laboratory and
 office space is held pursuant to a lease agreement that was entered into on June 16, 2006 with Eilot Hashkaot and has been amended
 five times since it was entered into for the purpose of revising the length of the term, providing for a new base rent and adding
 additional office space. The amount of the lease is approximately 37 per month and linked to the CPI. The commitments for existing
 space are for a term of five years ending January 31, 2027. 

On
 January 16, 2017, we entered into a sublease agreement for additional office space of 200 square meters with Green Power YE. The
 term of the sub lease has been extended twice, and on January 15, 2019, we signed a three year and 9-day extension for the sub lease
 agreement, the amount of the extended sub lease was for a fixed price including all rental utilities of 8 per month. This agreement
 was terminated as of January 1, 2022. 

On
 July 11, 2021, we entered into a non-cancelable sublease agreement for additional office space of 536 square meters with EMI Car
 Wash Systems Ltd at our manufacturing facility in Israel. The term of the lease is for 47 months, commencing January 1, 2022, with
 the option to extend for an additional 24 months. The amount of the lease is approximately 17 per month. 

On
 September 9, 2021, we entered into a non-cancelable lease agreement for additional office space of 900 square meters with Ayalot
 Investment at our manufacturing facility in Israel. The term of the lease is 60 months, commencing July 1, 2022, with the option
 to extend for an additional 60 months. The amount of the lease is approximately 12 per month. We are also responsible for the payment
 of additional rent, including our pro rata share of real estate taxes, operating expenses, as defined in the lease, and betterment
 assessments, as defined in the lease. 

c) 
 VBI
 Cda s research facility, which is comprised of laboratory and office space, is held pursuant to a sub-sublease that was
 entered into on September 1, 2014 with Iogen Corporation and subsequently amended to include some additional space with a term
 ending on December 31, 2022. On September 5, 2019, the sub-sublease was assigned by Iogen Corporation to 310 Hunt Club GP Inc.
 the Assignee ). In 2022, we extended the lease for the laboratory and office space with a term ending on April 30,
 2026. The base and additional rent for the premises is approximately 30 per month through December 31, 2023. VBI Cda is
 also responsible for its pro rata share of additional rent, payable monthly, which includes, but is not limited to, operating and
 maintenance costs, real estate taxes, general maintenance and repair costs, insurance and professional fees. In addition to the base
 rent and the additional rent, VBI Cda is responsible for the payment of a refundable harmonized sales tax as require by the Excise
 Tax Act (Canada). Pursuant to the sub-sublease, the additional rent per month will not exceed CAD 24.00 per square foot of rentable
 premises. VBI Cda was required to provide a security deposit in the amount of CAD 18.80 which the Assignee will hold until the end
 of the term and may, in the event of a failure by VBI Cda to pay rent as and when due, apply the security deposit to the unpaid rent
 obligation. 

Pursuant
to these leases, we made rent payments of 1,865 in 2022. 

We
believe that our office, manufacturing and research facilities are suitable and adequate for our current operations but will consider
term extensions or expansion of leased space, depending on market conditions and needs. 

68 

ITEM
3: LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

From
time to time, we may be involved in certain claims and litigation arising out of the ordinary course and conduct of business. Management
assesses such claims and, if it considers that it is probable that an asset had been impaired or a liability had been incurred and the
amount of loss can be reasonably estimated, provisions for loss are made based on management s assessment of the most likely outcome. 

On
September 13, 2018, two civil claims were brought in the District Court of the central district in Israel naming our subsidiary SciVac
as a defendant. In one claim, two minors, through their parents, allege, among other things: defects in certain batches of Sci-B-Vac
discovered in July 2015; that Sci-B-Vac was approved for use in children and infants in Israel without sufficient evidence establishing
its safety; that SciVac failed to provide accurate information about Sci-B-Vac to consumers; and that each child suffered side effects
from the vaccine. The claim was filed together with a motion seeking approval of a class action on behalf of 428,000 children vaccinated
with Sci-B-Vac in Israel from April 2011 and seeking damages in a total amount of NIS 1,879.5 million 534.1 million). The second claim
is a civil action brought by two minors and their parents against SciVac and the IMoH alleging, among other things,
that SciVac marketed an experimental, defective, hazardous or harmful vaccine; that Sci-B-Vac was marketed in Israel without sufficient
evidence establishing its safety; and that Sci-B-Vac was produced and marketed in Israel without approval of a western regulatory body.
The claim seeks damages for past and future losses and expenses as well as punitive damages. 

The
District Court has accepted SciVac s motion to suspend reaching a decision on the approval of the class action pending the determination
of liability under the civil action. Preliminary hearings for the trial of the civil action began on January 15, 2020, with subsequent
preliminary hearings held on May 13, 2020, December 3, 2020, September 30, 2021, June 9, 2022, and January 12, 2023. The next preliminary
hearing is scheduled to be held on July 13, 2023. 

On December 5, 2022, another tort
claim was filed in the District Court of the central district in Israel naming our subsidiary, SciVac, as a defendant. The claim was filed
by a minor and his parents against SciVac, the IMoH, and Prof. Arieh Raziel, requesting compensation due to bodily injury of the minor,
who was diagnosed as suffering from an Autism Spectrum Disorder (ASD). The plaintiffs allege that the minor s disabilities and the
syndrome from which he suffers were caused due to a combination of several factors, including negligent pregnancy monitoring, negligent
labor and delivery procedure, and administration of the alleged defective vaccine (Sci-B-Vac vaccine). Preliminary hearings will begin
on July 3, 2023. 

SciVac
believes these matters to be without merit and intends to defend these claims vigorously. 

ITEM
4: MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

69 

PART
II. 

ITEM
5: MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS, AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 

Market
Information 

Our
common shares began publicly trading on Nasdaq on May 9, 2016, under the symbol VBIV. 

Holders 

As of March 8, 2023, we had approximately
814 shareholders of record. This number does not include an indeterminate number of shareholders whose shares are held by brokers in street
name. 

Dividends 

We
have not paid cash dividends on our common shares since January 1, 2015, and do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the
foreseeable future but intend to retain our capital resources for reinvestment in our business. In addition, our Loan Agreement with
K2HV prohibits us from declaring or paying dividends or making distributions on any class of our capital stock. 

Recent
Issuances of Unregistered Securities 

All
sales of unregistered securities during the year ended December 31, 2022, were previously disclosed in a Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
or Current Report on Form 8-K. 

Purchase
of Equity Securities 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
6: [RESERVED]. 

ITEM
7: MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The
following discussion and analysis summarizes the significant factors affecting our operating results, financial condition, liquidity,
and cash flows as of and for the periods presented below. The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results
of operations should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in
this Form 10-K. In addition to historical information, this discussion and analysis here and throughout this Form 10-K contains forward-looking
statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these
forward-looking statements. 

Overview 

We
are a commercial stage biopharmaceutical company driven by immunology in the pursuit of prevention and treatment of disease. Through
our innovative approach to virus-like particles VLPs ), including a proprietary enveloped VLP eVLP platform
technology, we develop vaccine candidates that mimic the natural presentation of viruses, designed to elicit the innate power of the
human immune system. We are committed to targeting and overcoming significant infectious diseases, including hepatitis B HBV ),
COVID-19 and coronaviruses, and cytomegalovirus CMV ), as well as aggressive cancers including glioblastoma GBM ).
We are headquartered in Cambridge, Massachusetts, with research operations in Ottawa, Canada, and a research and manufacturing site in
Rehovot, Israel. 

Product
Pipeline 

Our
pipeline is comprised of vaccine and immunotherapeutic programs developed by virus-like particle technologies to target two distinct,
but often related, disease areas - infectious disease and oncology. We prioritize the development of programs for disease targets that
are challenging, underserved, and where the human immune system, when powered and stimulated appropriately, can be a formidable opponent. 

VLP
vaccines are a type of sub-unit vaccine, in which only the portions of viruses critical for eliciting an immune response are presented
to the body. Because of their structural similarity to viruses presented in nature, including their particulate nature and repetitive
structure, VLPs can stimulate potent immune responses. VLPs can be customized to present any protein antigen, including multiple antibody
and T cell targets, making them, we believe, ideal technologies for the development of both prophylactic and therapeutic vaccines. However,
only a few antigenic proteins self-assemble into VLPs, which limit the number of potential targets. Notably, HBV antigens are among those
that are able to spontaneously form orderly VLP structures. Our eVLP platform technology expands the list of potentially viable target
indications for VLPs by providing a stable core (Gag Protein) and lipid bilayer (the envelope ). It is a flexible platform
that enables the synthetic manufacture of an enveloped VLP, or eVLP , which looks structurally and morphologically
similar to the virus, with no infectious material. 

Our
product pipeline includes an approved vaccine and multiple late- and early-stage investigational programs. The investigational programs
are in various stages of clinical development and the scientific information included about these therapeutics is preliminary and investigative.
The investigational programs have not been approved by the United States Food and Drug Administration FDA ), European Medicines
Agency EMA ), United Kingdom Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency MHRA ), Health Canada, or
any other health authority and no conclusion can or should be drawn regarding the safety or efficacy of these investigational programs. 

In
addition to our existing pipeline programs, we may also seek to in-license clinical-stage vaccines or vaccine-related technologies that
we believe complement our pipeline, as well as technologies that may supplement our efforts in both immuno-oncology and infectious disease. 

Key
Targeted Disease Areas 

Hepatitis
B Virus HBV 

HBV
infection can cause liver inflammation, fibrosis, and liver injury, resulting in potentially life-threatening conditions through acute
illness and chronic disease, including liver failure, cirrhosis, and cancer. HBV remains a significant public health burden with as many
as 2.2 million chronically infected people in the U.S. alone. Worldwide, this number is estimated to be as high as 350 million, with
approximately 800,000 deaths resulting from the consequences of HBV infection each year. 

Despite
the highly infectious nature of HBV, due to its often-asymptomatic nature, it is estimated that as many as 67 of chronically infected
adults in the U.S. are unaware of their infection status. There is no cure available for HBV infection and while public health initiatives
highlight immunization as the most effective strategy for the prevention of HBV infections, the U.S. adult HBV vaccination rates remain
persistently low at only about 30 of all adults aged 19 years and older. 

70 

In
April 2022, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention CDC Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices ACIP implemented a change to the adult HBV vaccine recommendations. As incorporated in the CDC s 2022 Adult Immunization Schedule and
as published in the April 1, 2022, CDC Morbidity and Mortality Weekly Report, adults aged 19 to 59 years are now universally recommended
to be vaccinated against HBV infection. Additionally, while adults aged 60 years and older with risk factors for HBV infection are still
recommended to receive HBV vaccinations, adults aged 60 years and older without known risk factors for HBV may now also receive HBV vaccinations. 

In
addition to our approved vaccine, PreHevbrio [Hepatitis B Vaccine (Recombinant)], there are four other vaccines approved in the U.S.
for the prevention of HBV infection in adults: Engerix-B and Twinrix , manufactured by GlaxoSmithKline
Biologicals S.A. GSK ), Recombivax HB , manufactured by Merck . Co. Merck ), and Heplisav-B ,
manufactured by Dynavax Technologies Corporation Dynavax ). 

COVID-19
and Other Coronaviruses 

Coronaviruses
are a large family of enveloped viruses that cause respiratory illness of varying severities. Only seven coronaviruses are known to cause
disease in humans, four of which most frequently cause symptoms typically associated with the common cold. Three of the seven coronaviruses,
however, have more serious outcomes in people. These more pathogenic coronaviruses are (1) SARS-CoV-2, a novel coronavirus identified
as the cause of COVID-19; (2) MERS-CoV, identified in 2012 as the cause of Middle East Respiratory Syndrome MERS and
(3) SARS-CoV, identified in 2002 as the cause of Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome SARS ). 

The
virus that causes COVID-19 continues to evolve and several SARS-CoV-2 variants have emerged and certain of these variants have been identified
as having a significant public health impact. To date, notable Variants of Concern VOC have included: 

Alpha
 (B.1.1.7) First identified as in the United Kingdom UK ), VOC in December 2020 

Beta
 (B.1.351) First identified in South Africa, VOC in December 2020 

Gamma
 (P.1) First identified in Brazil, VOC in January 2021 

Delta
 (B.1.617.2) First identified in India, VOC in May 2021 

Omicron
 and subvariants First identified in South Africa, VOC in November 2021 

Glioblastoma GBM 

GBM
is among the most common and aggressive malignant primary brain tumors in humans. In the U.S. alone, about 12,000 new GBM cases are diagnosed
each year. The current standard of care for GBM is surgical resection, followed by radiation and chemotherapy. Even with intensive treatment,
GBM progresses rapidly and has a high mortality rate, with median overall survival for primary GBM of about 14 months. Median overall
survival for recurrent GBM is even lower, at about 8 months. 

Cytomegalovirus CMV 

CMV
is a common virus that is a member of the herpes family. It infects one in every two people in many developed countries. Most CMV infections
are silent , meaning the majority of people who are infected exhibit no signs or symptoms. Despite its typically asymptomatic
nature in older children and adults, CMV may cause severe infections in newborn children (congenital CMV) and may also cause serious
infections in people with weakened immune systems, such as solid organ or bone marrow transplant recipients. Congenital CMV infection
can be treated but not cured and there are currently no approved vaccines available for the prevention of infection in
either the congenital or the transplant setting. 

71 

Zika 

Zika
is a mosquito-borne virus that is spread primarily through the bite of an infected Aedes species mosquito, but can also be transmitted
sexually, during pregnancy, or during childbirth. Acute infections are typically mild, but Zika has been associated with a number of
neurological complications in newborns. The first formal description of Zika virus was published in 1952, but it was not until 2007 that
the first Zika outbreak in humans was recorded. Over the past decade, Zika has begun to spread globally, and between January 2014 and
February 2016, 33 countries reported circulation of the Zika virus, including in North America. There is currently no vaccine to prevent
Zika infection. 

Pipeline
Programs 

The
table below is an overview of our commercial vaccine and our investigational programs as of February 28, 2023: 

Indication 
 
 Program 
 
 Technology 
 
 Current Status 
 
 Approved
 Vaccine 
 
 Hepatitis B 
 
 PreHevbrio 1,2,3 
 Hepatitis
 B Vaccine 
 
 VLP 
 
 Registration/Commercial 

(Recombinant) 

Prophylactic
 Candidates 

Coronaviruses (Multivalent) 
 
 VBI-2901 
 
 eVLP 
 
 Ongoing Phase I 

COVID-19 (Beta variant) 
 
 VBI-2905 
 
 eVLP 
 
 Phase Ib 

COVID-19 (Ancestral) 
 
 VBI-2902 
 
 eVLP 
 
 Phase Ia 

Cytomegalovirus 
 
 VBI-1501 
 
 eVLP 
 
 Phase I Completed 

Coronaviruses (Multivalent) 
 
 Undisclosed 
 
 eVLP 
 
 Pre-Clinical 

Zika 
 
 VBI-2501 
 
 eVLP 
 
 Pre-Clinical 

Therapeutic
 Candidates 

Hepatitis B 
 
 VBI-2601 
 
 VLP 
 
 Ongoing Phase II 

Glioblastoma 
 
 VBI-1901 
 
 eVLP 
 
 Phase I/IIa 

Other CMV-Associated Cancers 
 
 Undisclosed 
 
 eVLP 
 
 Preclinical 

1 Approved
for use in the U.S. and Canada, under the brand name PreHevbrio, for the prevention of infection caused by all known subtypes of HBV
in adults 18 years of age and older. 

 2
 Approved for use in the European Union EU / European Economic Area EEA and the UK, under the brand
name PreHevbri, for active immunization against infection caused by all known subtypes of the HBV in adults. It can be expected that
hepatitis D will also be prevented by immunization with PreHevbri as hepatitis D (caused by the delta agent) does not occur in the absence
of HBV infection. 

 3 Approved
for use in Israel, under the brand name Sci-B-Vac, for active immunization against hepatitis B virus (HBV infection). 

A
summary of our marketed product, lead pipeline programs, and recent developments follows. 

72 

Marketed
Product 

PreHevbrio
[Hepatitis B Vaccine (Recombinant)] 

PreHevbrio
[Hepatitis B Vaccine (Recombinant)] was approved by the FDA on November 30, 2021, for the prevention of infection caused by all known
subtypes of HBV in adults aged 18 years and older. PreHevbrio contains the S, pre-S2, and pre-S1 HBV surface antigens, and is the only
approved 3-antigen HBV vaccine for adults in the U.S. On February 23, 2022, following discussion at the CDC s ACIP meeting, PreHevbrio
joined the list of recommended products for prophylactic adult vaccination against HBV infection. The inclusion of PreHevbrio in the
ACIP recommendation was reflected in a CDC publication on April 1, 2022 and was a notable milestone as many insurance plans and institutions
require an ACIP recommendation before a vaccine can be reimbursed or is made available to patients. Additionally, PreHevbrio was included
in the 2023 annual update of the CDC Adult Immunization Schedule, as detailed in the CDC publication on February 10, 2023. VBI launched
PreHevbrio in the U.S. at the end of the first quarter of 2022, and revenue generation began in the second quarter of 2022. 

Commercial
and regulatory activity for VBI s 3-antigen HBV vaccine outside of the U.S. include: 

EU:
 On May 2, 2022, we announced that the European Commission (the EC granted Marketing Authorization for PreHevbri
 [Hepatitis B Vaccine (Recombinant, Adsorbed)]. The European Commission s centralized marketing authorization is valid in all
 EU Member States as well as in the EEA countries (Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway). On September 8, 2022, we announced a partnership
 with Valneva SE Valneva for the marketing and distribution of PreHevbri in select European markets, initially including
 the UK, Sweden, Norway, Denmark, Finland, Belgium, and the Netherlands. As part of this partnership, VBI expects PreHevbri will be
 available in certain European countries beginning in the first half of 2023. 

UK:
 On June 1, 2022, we announced that the MHRA granted marketing authorization for PreHevbri [Hepatitis B Vaccine (Recombinant,
 Adsorbed)]. This follows the EC centralized marketing authorization received in May 2022 and was conducted as part of the EC Decision
 Reliance Procedures ECDRP ). VBI expects to make PreHevbri available in the UK in the first half of 2023 as part of
 the partnership with Valneva. 

Canada:
 On December 8, 2022, we announced that Health Canada approved PreHevbrio [3-antigen Hepatitis B Vaccine (Recombinant)] for the
 prevention of infection caused by all known subtypes of HBV in adults aged 18 years and older. VBI expects to make PreHevbrio available
 in Canada in 2023. 

Israel:
 Approved and commercially available under the brand name Sci-B-Vac . 

Prophylactic
Investigational Candidates 

VBI-2900:
Coronavirus Vaccine Program (VBI-2901, VBI-2902, VBI-2905) 

In
response to the ongoing SARS-CoV-2 (COVID-19) pandemic, VBI initiated development of a prophylactic coronavirus vaccine program. Coronaviruses
are enveloped viruses by nature which make them a prime target for VBI s flexible eVLP platform technology. 

On
August 26, 2020, we announced data from three pre-clinical studies conducted to enable selection of optimized clinical candidates for
our coronavirus vaccine program. As a result of these studies, VBI selected two vaccine candidates with the goal of bringing forward
candidates that add meaningful clinical and medical benefit to those already approved: (1) VBI-2901, a multivalent coronavirus vaccine
candidate expressing the SARS-CoV-2, SARS, and MERS spike proteins; and (2) VBI-2902, a monovalent vaccine candidate expressing an optimized
 prefusion form of the SARS-CoV-2 spike protein. 

In
March 2021, a Phase I study of VBI-2902 was initiated and on June 29, 2021, we announced initial positive data from the Phase Ia portion
of this study that evaluated one- and two-dose regimens of 5 g of VBI-2902 in 61 healthy adults aged 18-54 years. After two doses,
VBI-2902 induced neutralization titers in 100 of participants, with 4.3x higher geometric mean titer GMT than that of
the convalescent serum panel (n=25), and peak antibody binding GMT of 1:4,047. VBI-2902 was also well tolerated with no safety signals
observed. 

73 

In
response to the increased circulation of SARS-CoV-2 variants, the Phase Ib portion of the Phase I study was initiated in September 2021
to assess VBI-2905, our eVLP vaccine candidate directed against the SARS-CoV-2 Beta variant. On April 5, 2022, we announced new data
from the Phase Ib study (n=53). A single-dose booster of VBI-2905 increased the geometric mean titer GMT of neutralizing
antibodies directed against the Beta variant 3.8-fold, at day 28, in participants who had previously received two-doses of an mRNA vaccine
(ancestral strain) approximately 2-fold increases were also seen at day 28 in antibody GMTs against both the ancestral and delta
variant. New preclinical data announced at the same time showed that against a panel of coronavirus variants in mice, reactivity was
seen with VBI-2902 against all variants including the ancestral strain, Delta, Beta, Omicron, Lambda, and RaTG13 (a bat coronavirus that
is distant to circulating human strains). In this same panel, VBI-2901 was able to elicit an even stronger response against all variants
tested as the strains became more divergent from the ancestral strain, VBI-2901 elicited a greater difference in GMT from VBI-2902,
ranging from 2.5-fold higher against the ancestral strain to 9.0-fold higher against the bat coronavirus. Additionally, a validated pseudoparticle
neutralization assay PNA benchmarked against the WHO reference standard demonstrated that VBI-2902 elicited neutralizing
antibody responses of 176 IU50/mL in its Phase Ia study this international standard measure would predict a greater than 90 
efficacy, with two internationally approved vaccines estimated to have 90 efficacy at 83 and 140 IU50/mL (Gilbert, PB, 2021). 

The
clinical and preclinical data for all three candidates continue to support the potential of the eVLP platform against coronaviruses.
On September 29, 2022, we announced that we initiated the first clinical study of VBI s multivalent coronavirus candidate, VBI-2901,
designed to increase breadth of protection against COVID-19 and related coronaviruses. Interim data from this study are expected mid-year
2023. 

The
VBI-2900 program is supported by a partnership with the Coalition for Epidemic Preparedness Innovations CEPI and the partnership,
the CEPI Funding Agreement ), with contributions of up to 33 million; a partnership with the Strategic Innovation Fund SIF ), established by the Government of Canada, with an award of up to CAD 56 million; contribution of up to CAD 1 million
from the Industrial Research Assistance Program IRAP of the National Research Council of Canada NRC 
and a collaboration with the NRC. On December 6, 2022, we and CEPI announced that we expanded the scope of the CEPI Funding Agreement
to advance the development of multivalent coronavirus vaccines that could be deployed against COVID-19 as well as a future Coronavirus
X . 

VBI-1501:
Prophylactic CMV Vaccine Candidate 

Our
prophylactic CMV vaccine candidate uses the eVLP platform to express a modified form of the CMV glycoprotein B gB antigen
and is adjuvanted with alum, an adjuvant used in FDA-approved products. 

Following
the successful completion of the Phase I study in May 2018, and positive discussions with Health Canada, we announced plans for a Phase
II clinical study evaluating VBI-1501 on December 20, 2018. We received similarly positive guidance from the FDA in July 2019. The Phase
II study is expected to assess the safety and immunogenicity of dosages of VBI-1501 up to 20 g with alum. We are currently evaluating
the timing of the Phase II study. 

Therapeutic
Investigational Candidates 

VBI-2601:
HBV Immunotherapeutic Candidate 

VBI-2601
(BRII-179) is our novel, recombinant, protein-based immunotherapeutic candidate in development for the treatment of chronic HBV infection.
VBI-2601 is formulated to induce broad immunity against HBV, including T-cell immunity which plays an important role in controlling HBV
infection. 

On
April 12, 2021, and June 23, 2021, we announced data from the completed Phase Ib/IIa clinical study in patients with chronic HBV infection,
which was conducted by our partner Brii Biosciences Limited Brii Bio ). The study was a randomized, controlled study designed
to assess the safety, tolerability, antiviral and immunologic activity of VBI-2601. The study was a two-part, dose-escalation study assessing
different dose levels of VBI-2601 with and without an immunomodulatory adjuvant, conducted at multiple study sites in New Zealand, Australia,
Thailand, South Korea, Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of China, and China. 

74 

The
data from the Phase Ib/IIa for 33 evaluable patients across all study arms suggested: (1) VBI-2601 was well tolerated at all dose levels
with and without the adjuvant with no significant adverse events identified; (2) VBI-2601 induced both B cell (antibody) and T cell responses
in chronically-infected HBV patients, (3) VBI-2601 induced restimulation of T cell responses to HBV surface antigens, including S, Pre-S1,
and Pre-S2, in greater than 50 of the evaluable patients compared to no detectable response in the control arm; (4) the T cell responses
and antibody responses were comparable across the 20 g and 40 g unadjuvanted study arms; and (5) T cell response rates between
the adjuvanted and unadjuvanted cohorts were also comparable. Based on the acceptable safety profile and vaccine-induced adaptive immune
responses seen in this study, VBI-2601 (BRII-179) advanced to Phase II studies. 

On
April 21, 2021, we announced that the first patient had been dosed in a Phase II clinical study evaluating VBI-2601 in combination with
BRII-835 (VIR-2218), an investigational small interfering ribonucleic acid siRNA targeting HBV, for the treatment of
chronic HBV infection. The multi-center, randomized, open-label study is designed to evaluate the safety and efficacy of this combination
with and without interferon-alpha as a co-adjuvant. The study is being conducted at clinical sites in Australia, Taiwan, Hong Kong Special
Administrative Region of China, South Korea, New Zealand, Singapore, and Thailand. VBI s partner, Brii Bio, is the study sponsor.
A total of 50 adult, non-cirrhotic patients who received NRTI therapy for at least 12 months were randomized and dosed across three cohorts: 

Cohort
 A: BRII-835 Alone Regimen Nine subcutaneous 100mg doses of BRII-835, dosed every four (4) weeks through Week 32 

Cohort
 B: BRII-835 Alone Regimen + nine 40 g intramuscular doses of VBI-2601 admixed with interferon-alpha (IFN- as co-adjuvant
 every four weeks from Week 8 through Week 40 

Cohort
 C: BRII-835 Alone Regimen + nine 40 g intramuscular doses of VBI-2601 without IFN- every four weeks from Week 8 through
 Week 40 

On
February 15, 2023, we announced interim data from the Phase II combination study. The data, which was featured in an oral presentation
at the 32 nd Conference of the Asian Pacific Association for the Study of the Liver APASL on February 18, 2023,
demonstrated that the combination therapy was generally well-tolerated, restored strong anti-HBsAg antibody responses, and led to improved
HBsAg-specific T-cell responses, when compared to BRII-835 alone. Notably: 

Mean changes in HBsAg reduction relative to baseline at
week 40 were -1.68 log10 IU/mL in Cohort A, -1.75 log10 IU/mL in Cohort B, and -1.77 log10 IU/mL in Cohort C 

Potent HBV surface antibody levels (> 100 IU/L) were observed in more than 40 of participants in Cohorts B and C at week 40 
 by comparison, no antibody responses were detected in Cohort A 

Out of 25 evaluable patients, a higher proportion of Cohort B and C patients demonstrated potent HBsAg-specific T-cell responses
 (70 ; 14/20) relative to those in Cohort A (20 ; 1/5) through week 44 

To date, two participants receiving combination regimens achieved either HBsAg below LLOQ (0.05 mIU/mL), to an undetectable level,
 or at LLOQ with maximum reductions of 4 log10 HBsAg both participants mounted potent anti-HBs antibody and HBV-specific
 T-cell responses 

75 

Additional
data from the study are expected to be announced later this year. 

On
January 5, 2022, we announced that the first patient was dosed in a second Phase IIa/IIb clinical study evaluating VBI-2601. This Phase
II study assesses VBI-2601 as an add-on therapy to the standard-of-care in China nucleos(t)ide reverse transcriptase inhibitor NRTI and pegylated interferon therapy (PEG-IFN- ,). Interim topline clinical data from part one of this Phase IIa/IIb clinical study
is expected in the third quarter of 2023. 

VBI-1901:
Glioblastoma (GBM) 

Our
cancer vaccine immunotherapeutic program, VBI-1901, targets CMV proteins present in tumor cells. CMV is associated with a number of solid
tumors including GBM, breast cancer, and pediatric medulloblastoma. 

In
January 2018, we initiated dosing in a two-part, multi-center, open-label Phase I/IIa clinical study of VBI-1901 in 38 patients with
recurrent GBM. Phase I (Part A) of the study was a dose-escalation phase that defined the safety, tolerability, and optimal dose level
of VBI-1901 adjuvanted with granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor (GM-CSF) in recurrent GBM patients with any number of prior
recurrences. In December 2018, this phase completed enrollment of 18 patients across three dose cohorts, the highest of which (10 g)
was selected as the optimal dose level to test in the Phase IIa portion (Part B) of the study. Phase IIa of the study, which initiated
enrollment in July 2019, is a two-arm study that enrolled 20 first-recurrent GBM patients to receive 10 g of VBI-1901 in combination
with either GM-CSF or GSK proprietary adjuvant system, AS01, as immunomodulatory adjuvants. AS01 is provided pursuant to a Clinical Collaboration
and Support Study Agreement with GSK, which we entered into on September 10, 2019. Enrollment of the 10 patients in the VBI-1901 with
GM-CSF arm was completed in March 2020 and enrollment of the 10 patients in the VBI-1901 with AS01 arm was completed in October 2020. 

Data
from the Phase IIa portion of the study was announced throughout 2020, 2021, and 2022, with the latest data presented in November 2022
at the 2022 Society for Neuro-Oncology (SNO) Annual Meeting. The data from the Phase IIa portion of this study demonstrate: (1) improvement
in 6-month, 12-month, and 18-month overall survival OS data compared to historical controls; (2) 12-month OS of 60 (n=6/10)
in the VBI-1901 + GM-CSF study arm and 70 (n=7/10) in the VBI-1901 + AS01 study arm, compared to historical controls of ~30 ; (3) 18-month
OS of 30 (3/10) in the VBI-1901 + GM-CSF study arm and 40 (n=4/10) in the VBI-1901 + AS01 study arm; (3) 2 patients with partial tumor
responses, one of whom remained on protocol for over two years and had achieved a 93 tumor reduction relative to baseline at initiation
of treatment at the start of the study, and 10 stable disease observations across all study arms; and (4) VBI-1901 continues to be safe
and well tolerated at all doses tested, with no safety signals observed. 

On
June 8, 2021, we announced that the FDA granted Fast-Track Designation for VBI-1901 formulated with GM-CSF for the treatment of recurrent
GBM patients with first tumor recurrence. The designation was granted based on data from the Phase I/IIa study. 

On
June 22, 2022, we announced that the FDA granted Orphan Drug Designation for VBI-1901 for the treatment of GBM. 

Based
on the data seen to-date, as part of the next phase of development we anticipate assessing VBI-1901 in randomized, controlled studies
in both primary and recurrent GBM patients. In the recurrent setting, we aim to expand the number of patients in the current trial and
add a control arm, with the potential to support an accelerated approval application based on tumor response rates and improvement in
overall survival. Subject to discussion with the FDA, the amended protocol is expected to initiate enrollment of additional patients
in the second quarter of 2023. 

On
October 12, 2022, we announced a collaboration with Agenus Inc. to evaluate VBI-1901 in combination with anti-PD-1 balstilimab in a Phase
II study as part of the INSIGhT adaptive platform trial in patients with primary GBM. Subject to approval from regulatory bodies, we
expect enrollment to initiate in the VBI-1901 study arm in INSIGhT mid-year 2023. 

76 

Third
Party License and Assignment Agreements 

We
currently are dependent on licenses from third parties for certain of our key technologies, including the license granted pursuant
to an agreement between Savient Pharmaceuticals Inc. and SciGen Ltd dated June 2004, as subsequently amended (the original
Ferring License Agreement and a license from L Universite Pierre et Marie Curie, now Sorbonne Universit UPMC ), Institut National de la Sant et de la Recherche M dicale INSERM and
L cole Normale Sup rieure de Lyon. 

On
October 18, 2022, the Company amended and restated the original Ferring License Agreement (the Amended and Restated Ferring
License Agreement ), which amends and restates certain of the terms relating to the manufacture and marketing of HBsAg
products, which includes, among others, updates to the definition of net sales, and a reduction in the fixed royalty rate on net
sales of HBsAg products Product from seven percent (7 to three and a half percent (3.5 in consideration for the
grant of the license to utilize genetically engineered CHO cells encoding the hepatitis B antigen and certain information related to
the manufacture of hepatitis B vaccines. In connection with the Amended and Restated Ferring License Agreement, the Company has also
agreed to act as the guarantor for SciVac s obligations under the Amended and Restated Ferring License Agreement, or if the
Amended and Restated Ferring License Agreement is assigned to a third party, guarantor for SciVac s obligations that have
accrued up until the date of such assignment. Under an Assignment Agreement between FDS Pharm LLP and SciGen Ltd., dated February
14, 2012 (the SciGen Assignment Agreement ), we are required to pay royalties to SciGen Ltd. equal to 5 of net sales
(as defined in the original Ferring License Agreement) of Product. Under the original Ferring License Agreement and the SciGen
Assignment Agreement, we originally were to pay royalties on a country-by-country basis until the date 10 years after the date of
commencement of the first royalty year in respect of such country. In April 2019, we exercised our option to extend the original
Ferring License Agreement in respect of all the countries that still make up the territory for an additional 7 years by making a
one-time payment to Ferring of 0.1 million. Royalties under the Amended and Restated Ferring License Agreement and SciGen
Assignment Agreement will continue to be payable for the duration of the extended license periods. 

Under
a license agreement with UPMC and other licensors relating to eVLP technology, we had an exclusive license to a family of patents that
will expire in the U.S. in 2023 and expired in other countries in 2021. UPMC is also a co-owner of the patent family covering
our VBI-1501 CMV vaccine and we are negotiating an agreement with UPMC to cover this patent family. During year ended December
31, 2022, we did not make any milestone payments. 

Financial
Operations Overview 

At
present, our operations are focused on: 

continuing the commercialization of PreHevbrio in the U.S.; 

preparing for commercialization of our 3-antigen HBV vaccine in Europe and Canada; 

manufacturing
 our 3-antigen HBV vaccine at commercial scale to meet demand in the U.S., Europe, Canada and Israel, where it is approved, and to
 prepare for supply in markets where we may obtain marketing authorization; 

conducting
 the Phase I/IIa clinical studies of our GBM vaccine immunotherapeutic candidate, VBI-1901; 

preparing
 for the next phase of development for our GBM vaccine immunotherapeutic candidate, VBI-1901; 

77 

conducting
 the Phase I clinical study of our multivalent coronavirus candidate, VBI-2901; 

completing
 the Phase I clinical study of our prophylactic COVID-19 vaccine candidates, VBI-2902 and VBI-2905 (Beta variant); 

continuing
 our development and scaling-up production processes for our prophylactic coronavirus vaccine candidates using a Contract Development
 and Manufacturing Organization CDMO located in Canada; 

developing VBI-2601, our protein-based immunotherapeutic candidate for
treatment of chronic HBV, in collaboration with Brii Bio; 

preparation
 for further development of VBI-1501, our preventative CMV vaccine candidate; 

continuing
 the research and development R D of our other pipeline candidates, including the exploration and development
 of new pipeline candidates; 

implementing
 operational, compliance, financial, and management information systems, including through third party partners, to support our commercialization
 activities; 

maintaining,
 expanding, and protecting our intellectual property portfolio; and 

developing
 our internal systems and processes for regulatory affairs, legal, and compliance. 

VBI s revenue generating
activities have been the sale of our 3-antigen HBV vaccine, under the brand name PreHevbrio in the U.S., and in Israel under the name
Sci-B-Vac. In addition, we have sold through named patient programs in countries where our 3-antigen HBV vaccine was not approved, though
those markets have generated a limited number of sales. We have also generated revenue from various business development transactions
and R D services generating fees. To date, we have financed our operations primarily with proceeds from sales of our common stock,
our long-term debt agreements, and contribution agreements and partnerships with CEPI and the Government of Canada. 

VBI
has incurred significant net losses and negative operating cash flows since inception and expects to continue incurring losses and negative
cash flows from operations as we carry out planned clinical, regulatory, R D, commercial, and manufacturing activities with respect
to the advancement of our 3-antigen HBV vaccine and new pipeline candidates. As of December 31, 2022, VBI had an accumulated deficit
of approximately 489.6 million, stockholders equity of approximately 64.2 million and cash of 62.6 million. Cash outflows from operating activities were 73.7 million for the year
ended December 31, 2022. Our ability to maintain our status as
an operating company and to realize our investment in our In Process Research Development IPR D assets, which
consist of our CMV and GBM programs, is dependent upon obtaining adequate cash to finance our clinical development, manufacturing, our
administrative overhead and our research and development activities, and ultimately to profitably monetize our IPR D. We expect that
we will need to secure additional financing to finance our business plans, which may be a combination of proceeds from the issuance of
equity securities, the issuance of additional debt, government or non-governmental organization grants or
subsidies, and revenues from potential business development transactions, if any. There is no assurance we will manage to obtain these
sources of financing, if required. These factors raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. The accompanying
financial statements have been prepared assuming that we will continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any
adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classifications
of liabilities that may result from this uncertainty. 

78 

We
have incurred operating losses since inception, have not generated significant product sales revenue and have not achieved profitable
operations. We incurred net losses of 113.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 ,
and we expect to continue to incur substantial losses in future periods. We anticipate that we will continue to incur substantial operating
expenses as we continue our research and development and clinical studies, and as we continue the commercialization of PreHevbrio in
the U.S. and Canada, and PreHevbri in Europe. These include expenses related to the
focus of our operations highlighted above. 

In
addition, we have incurred and will continue to incur significant expenses as a public company, which subject us to the reporting requirements
of the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the rules and regulations of Nasdaq, and the Canadian securities regulators. We have also
incurred and will continue to incur regulatory compliance costs and general and administrative costs related to our clinical regulatory
operations and commercialization of our marketed product and product candidates. 

Overall
Performance 

We
had net losses of 113,303 and 69,753 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We had an accumulated deficit
of 489,609, cash of 62,629 and, net working capital of 40,748 as of December 31, 2022. We had cash outflows from operating activities of 73,695 for the year
ended December 31, 2022. 

Revenues,
net 

Revenues,
net consist of product sales of PreHevbrio in the U.S. and Sci-B-Vac in Israel, as well as R D services revenue recognized as part
of the License Agreement with Brii Bio and other R D services. 

In
the U.S., beginning in the second quarter of 2022, PreHevbrio was sold to a limited number of wholesalers and specialty distributors
(collectively, our Customers ). We expect to continue to expand our market share over
the coming year. Revenues from product sales are recognized when we have satisfied our performance obligations, which is the
transfer of control of our product upon delivery to the Customer. Our standard credit terms are short-term, and we expect to receive
payment in less than one year, there is no significant financing component on the related receivables. Taxes collected from
Customers relating to product sales and remitted to governmental authorities are excluded from revenues. 

In
Israel, Sci-B-Vac is sold through procurement requests from four health funds HMOs (collectively, the Sci-B-Vac
Customers ). 

Overall,
product revenue, net, reflects our best estimates of the amount of consideration to which we are entitled based on the terms of the contract.
The amount of variable consideration is included in the net sales price only to the extent that it is probable that a significant reversal
in the amount of the cumulative revenue recognized will not occur in a future period. If our estimates differ significantly from actuals,
we will record adjustments that would affect product revenue, net in the period of adjustment. 

Pursuant
to the License Agreement with Brii Bio, we provide R D services to Brii Bio as part of the development of VBI-2601. 

In
addition, pursuant to an agreement with the Israel Innovation Authority (formerly the Office of the Chief Scientist of Israel), we are
required to make services available for the biotechnology industry in Israel. These services include relevant activities for development
and manufacturing of therapeutic proteins according to international standards and cGMP quality level suitable for toxicological studies
in animals. Service activities include analytics/bio analytics methods for development and process development of therapeutic proteins
starting with a candidate clone through manufacturing. These R D services are primarily marketed to the Israeli research community
in academia and Israeli biotechnology companies in the life sciences industry lacking the infrastructure or experience in the development
and production of therapeutic proteins to the standards and quality required for clinical trials for human use. During the year ended
December 31, 2022, we provided services to biotechnology companies including analytical development. 

Cost
of Revenues 

Cost
of revenues consist primarily of costs incurred for manufacturing our 3-antigen HBV vaccine which includes cost of materials, consumables,
supplies, contractors, and manufacturing salaries. 

79 

Research
and Development R D Expenses 

R D
expenses, net of government grants and funding arrangements, consist primarily of costs incurred for the advancement of our lead programs,
including: our 3-antigen HBV vaccine; VBI-1901, our GBM vaccine immunotherapeutic candidate; VBI-1501, our CMV vaccine candidate; VBI-2601, our hepatitis B immunotherapeutic candidate; and VBI-2900, our coronavirus vaccine program. These costs include: 

the
 cost of acquiring, developing, and manufacturing clinical study materials, and other consumables and lab supplies used in our pre-clinical
 studies; 

expenses
 incurred under agreements with contractors or CDMOs or Contract Research Organizations to advance the vaccines into and through completion
 of clinical studies; and 

employee-related
 expenses, including salaries, benefits, travel, and stock-based compensation expense. 

We
expense R D costs when we incur them. 

Sales,
General and Administrative SG A Expenses 

SG A
expenses consist principally of commercialization costs, salaries, and related costs for executive and other administrative personnel
and consultants, including stock-based compensation, and travel expenses. Other general and administrative expenses include professional
fees for legal, patent protection, consulting and accounting services, travel and conference fees, board of directors meeting costs,
scientific and commercial advisory board meeting costs, rent, maintenance of facilities, depreciation, office supplies, information technology
costs and expenses, insurance, and other general expenses. SG A expenses are expensed when incurred. 

Over
the coming quarters, we expect to redefine the deployment of our commercial resources and, as such, reduce our commercial expenses. As
a result, we expect our SG A expenses will decrease. 

Interest
Expense, Net of Interest Income 

Interest
expense, net of interest income, is associated with our long-term debt as discussed in Note 10 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Results
of Operations 

Year
Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2021 

All
dollar amounts stated below are in thousands, unless otherwise indicated. 

Year
 ended December
 31 

2022 
 2021 
 Change
 
 Change

Revenues,
 net 
 1,082 
 631 
 451 
 71 

Expenses: 

Cost of revenues 
 11,276 
 10,770 
 506 
 5 
 
 Research and development 
 15,506 
 19,558 
 (4,052 
 (21 
 
 Sales,
 general and administrative 
 56,120 
 38,335 
 17,785 
 46 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 82,902 
 68,663 
 14,239 
 21 

Loss from operations 
 (81,820 
 (68,032 
 (13,788 
 20 

Interest expense, net of interest income 
 (4,007 
 (4,732 
 725 
 (15 
 
 Foreign exchange
 (loss) gain 
 (27,476 
 3,011 
 (30,487 
 (1,013 
 
 Loss before income taxes 
 (113,303 
 (69,753 
 (43,550 
 62 

Income tax expense 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

NET
 LOSS 
 (113,303 
 (69,753 
 (43,550 
 62 

80 

Revenues,
net 

Revenues,
net for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 1,082 as compared to 631 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Revenues for the year
ended December 31, 2022 increased by 451 or 71 due to an increase in product revenue as a result of the launch of PreHevbrio in the
U.S. in late Q1 2022 with revenue generation beginning in Q2 2022. Over the next year, VBI expects to expand its market share, continuing
to broaden access to PreHevbrio in the U.S. and Canada, and PreHevbri in select EU markets and in the UK. 

Revenue
Composition 

2022 
 2021 

Product revenue, net 
 931 
 262 
 
 R D service revenue,
 net 
 151 
 369 
 
 Total
 revenues, net 
 1,082 
 631 

Revenues,
net by Geographic Region 

Years
 ended December 31 

2022 

2021 

Change 

Change 

Revenue,
 net in United States 

695 

- 

695 

100 

Revenue,
 net in Israel 

315 

321 

(6) 

(2) 

Revenue,
 net in China/Hong Kong 

66 

306 

(240) 

(78) 

Revenue,
 net in Europe 

6 

4 

2 

50 

Total
 Revenue, net 

1,082 

631 

451 

71 

Cost
of Revenues 

Cost
of revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 11,276 as compared to 10,770 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase
in the cost of revenues of 506 or 5 is due to increased outsourced testing costs, direct labor costs, and inventory related costs incurred
in the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Research
and Development Expenses 

R D expenses for the
year ended December 31, 2022 were 15,506 as compared to 19,558 for the year ended December 31, 2021. R D expenses were offset
by 8,859 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 14,856 for the year ended December 31, 2021 due to government grants and funding
arrangements. The decrease in R D expenses of 4,052 or 21 , is mainly a result of (i) the decrease in the costs related to our
coronavirus vaccine program, that were not offset by government grants and funding arrangements - for the year ended December 31,
2021, both the VBI-2902 and VBI-2905 clinical trials were ongoing compared to the year ended December 31, 2022 where there was only
the VBI-2901 clinical trial ongoing and (ii) receipt of a refund from the FDA of 2,876 originally expensed in 2021 related to the
Prescription Drug User Fee Act program fee for PreHevbrio due to the FDA s determination that we qualified as a small business
in 2022, thereby reducing our regulatory cost by the refunded amount; partially offset by an increase in R D expenses
related to continued development of our other vaccine candidates, specifically, our GBM our vaccine immunotherapeutic candidate,
VBI-1901, as we prepare for the next phase of development. 

81 

Sales,
General and Administrative Expenses 

SG A expenses, net of government
grants and funding arrangements, for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 56,120 as compared to 38,335 for the year ended December
31, 2021. SG A expenses were offset by 735 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 859 for the year ended December 31, 2021 due
to government grants and funding arrangements. The SG A expense increase of 17,785 or 46 , is mainly a result of the increase in
the U.S. sales, marketing and other commercial activities related to PreHevbrio, most notably the deployment of our commercial field teams
and development of our distribution infrastructure, as FDA regulatory approval of PreHevbrio occurred in late 2021. Additional increase
in costs include increased insurance costs, increased professional costs, and increased labor costs. 

Loss
from Operations 

The
loss from operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 81,820 as compared to 68,032 for the year ended December 31, 2021.
The 13,788 increase in the loss from operations resulted from the items discussed above. 

Interest
Expense, Net of Interest Income 

Interest
expense, net of interest income for the year ended December 31 , 2022 was 4,007 as
compared to 4,732 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in interest expense, net of interest income of 725 or 15 is
due to the conversion of 2,000 of the secured term loan to common shares in the year ended
December31, 2021, which resulted in 1,161 of additional interest accretion being recognized in interest expense, net of
interest income and an increased interest income earned on cash due to higher interest rates applied for the year ended December 31,
2022. This decrease is partially offset by an increase in long-term debt of 20,000 beginning mid-September 2022 and an increased
interest payments on our long-term debt due to higher interest rates applied during the year
ended December 31 , 2022. 

Foreign
Exchange (Loss) Gain 

Foreign
exchange loss for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 27,476 as compared to a gain of 3,011 for the year ended December 31, 2021.
Certain intercompany loans between us and our subsidiaries are denominated in a currency other than the functional currency of each entity.
The primary driver of the increase in foreign exchange loss was the impact of the relative strengthening of the U.S. and Canadian Dollars
against the New Israeli Shekel upon translation of these intercompany loans. 

Net
Loss 

Net loss of 113,303 for the year
ended December 31, 2022, compared to 69,753 for the year ended December 31, 2021, respectively,
is a result of the items discussed above. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Year
 ended December 31 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Change 
 
 Change 

Cash 
 62,629 
 121,694 
 (59,065 
 (49 
 
 Current Assets 
 77,690 
 130,284 
 (52,594 
 (40 
 
 Current Liabilities 
 36,942 
 32,586 
 4,356 
 13 
 
 Working Capital 
 40,748 
 97,698 
 (56,950 
 (58 
 
 Accumulated Deficit 
 (489,609 
 (378,371 
 (111,238 
 29 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had cash of 62,629 as compared to 121,694 as of December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2022, we had working
capital of 40,748 as compared to working capital of 97,698 at December 31, 2021. Working capital is calculated by subtracting current
liabilities from current assets. 

82 

On March 10, 2023, Silicon Valley Bank SVB was closed by
the California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation, and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC was
appointed as receiver. We have deposit accounts at SVB. The standard deposit insurance amount is up to 250 per depositor, per insured
bank, for each account ownership category. As of March 10, 2023, we had approximately 1.2 million in deposit accounts at SVB. On March 12, 2023, the U.S. Treasury, Federal Reserve, and FDIC announced that SVB depositors will have access to
all of their money starting March 13, 2023. 

Net
Cash Used in Operating Activities 

We incurred net losses of 113,303
and 69,753 in the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We used 73,695
and 39,908 in cash for operating activities during the year ended December 31, 2022 and
2021, respectively. The increase in cash outflows is largely a result of an increase in commercial expenses related to the launch of
PreHevbrio in the U.S., increased usage of cash as we build inventory for continued commercialization, less funding received from CEPI,
and changes in other operating working capital balances. Cash received from the CEPI Funding Agreement, as amended by the CEPI Amendment,
was 18,363 during the year ended December 31, 2021, compared to cash received of 964 during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Net
Cash Used in Investing Activities 

Net cash flows used in investing activities was 4,344 for the year ended
December 31, 2022 compared to cash provided by investing activities of 23,156 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in cash
flows in investing activities is largely as a result of the redemption of short-term investments of 25,151 during the year ended December
31, 2021. Net cash flows used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022, were due to capital expenditures in the U.S.,
Canada and Israel. 

Net
Cash Provided by Financing Activities 

Net cash flows provided by financing activities was 19,449 for the year
ended December 31, 2022 compared to net cash flows provided by financing activities of 44,293 during the year ended December 31, 2021.
During the year ended December 31, 2022, we received proceeds from our refinanced long-term debt compared to the year ended December 31,
2021, whereby we issued common shares for cash and received proceeds from our long-term debt amendment. 

Sources
of Liquidity 

Jefferies
Open Market Sale Agreement 

On August 26, 2022, we 1) filed a registration statement on Form S-3 (File
No. 333-267109), which included a base prospectus which covers the offering, issuance and sale of up to 300,000 of common shares, warrants,
units and/or subscription rights; and 2) entered into an Open Market Sale Agreement with Jefferies LLC Jefferies ), pursuant
to which we may offer and sell our common shares having an aggregate price of up to 125,000 from time to time through Jefferies, acting
as agent or principal (the ATM Program ). The ATM Program replaced the Open Market Sale Agreements previously entered into
with Jefferies on July 31, 2020 and September 3, 2021, pursuant to each of which we could offer and sell our common shares having an aggregate
price of up to 125,000 from time to time, through at the market equity offering programs. Prior to termination, 27,022
of our common shares remained available for sale pursuant to the first ATM program, and 125,000 of our common shares remained available
for sale pursuant to the second ATM program. Neither ATM program was utilized in 2022. We did not make any sales under the ATM Program
during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

K2 HealthVentures LLC K2HV Long Term Debt 

On May 22, 2020, the Company, along with its subsidiary VBI Cda (collectively,
the Borrowers ), entered into the Loan and Guaranty Agreement (the Loan Agreement with K2HV and any other
lender from time-to-time party thereto (the Lenders ). On May 22, 2020, the Lenders advanced the first tranche of term loans
of 20,000. Pursuant to the Loan Agreement, the Lenders originally had the ability to convert, at the Lenders option, up to 4,000
of the secured term loan into common shares of the Company at a conversion price of 1.46 per share until the original maturity date of
June 1, 2024. On February 3, 2021, pursuant to the Loan Agreement, the Lenders converted 2,000 of the secured term loan into 1,369,863
common shares at a conversion price of 1.46 per share. 

83 

On
May 17, 2021, the Company entered into the First Amendment to the Loan and Guaranty Agreement First Amendment with the
Lenders and received additional loan advances of 12,000. 

On
September 14, 2022, the Company entered into the Second Amendment to the Loan Agreement (the Second Amendment with the
Lenders to: (i) increase the amount of the term loans available under the Loan Agreement to 100,000 from 50,000, which term loans are
available in up to four tranches subject to the achievement of milestones and other customary conditions, (ii) add certain minimum
net revenue covenants to the Second Amendment, (iii) extend the final maturity date for the term loans to September 14, 2026, which may
be extended to September 14, 2027, under certain circumstances, and (iv) to the extent that the maturity date is extended, the term loans
will begin amortizing on a monthly basis on September 14, 2026. 

On
September 15, 2022, the Lenders advanced to the Borrowers the Restatement First Tranche Term Loan (as defined in the Second Amendment)
in an aggregate amount of 50,000 which included the refinancing of the 30,000 in term loans that were outstanding under the Loan Agreement
as amended by the First Amendment. The second tranche of term loans of up to 15,000 will be available from April 1, 2023, through June
30, 2023, subject to the achievement of certain clinical milestones and compliance with a liquidity requirement which requires the Company
to have sufficient cash on hand to funds its operations for at least nine months (the Liquidity Requirement ). The third
tranche of term loans of up to 10,000 will be available from April 1, 2024, through June 30, 2024, so long as certain of the milestones
for the second tranche of term loans were achieved, no events of default under the Loan Agreement have occurred and are continuing, and
the Liquidity Requirement is satisfied. The fourth tranche of term loans of up to 25,000 shall be available at any time from September
14, 2022, until September 14, 2026, subject to the Lender s review of the Company s clinical and financial plans and Lender s
investment committee approval. 

Pursuant
to the Second Amendment, the Lenders have the ability to convert 7,000 into common shares, by which 2,000 of the term loans shall be
convertible into 1,369,863 shares of common stock at a conversion price of 1.46 per share and 5,000 of the term loans shall be convertible
into 4,792,026 shares of common stock at a conversion price of 1.0434 per share K2HV conversion feature ). 

In
connection with the Loan Agreement, on May 22, 2020, the Company issued the Lenders a warrant to purchase up to 625,000 common shares
(the Original K2HV Warrant at an exercise price of 1.12 per share. On May 17, 2021, in connection with the First Amendment,
the Company amended and restated the Original K2HV Warrant to purchase an additional 312,500 common shares for a total of 937,500 common
shares (the First Amendment Warrant with the same exercise price of 1.12 per share. On September 14, 2022, in connection
with the Second Amendment and the advance of the first tranche of term loans of 50,000 by the Lenders, the Company issued the Lenders
a warrant to purchase an additional 2,180,413 common shares (the Second Amendment Warrant with a warrant exercise price
of 0.8026. If the full remaining 50,000 available in the K2HV tranches is advanced pursuant to the Second Amendment, up to an additional
2,180,413 common shares will be issuable pursuant to the Second Amendment Warrant. The First Amendment Warrant and the Second Amendment
Warrant may be exercised either for cash or on a cashless net exercise basis. The First Amendment Warrant expires on May
22, 2030 and the Second Amendment Warrant expires on September 14, 2032. 

The
Company is required to make a final payment equal to 6.95 of the aggregate term loan principal on the maturity date of the term loan,
or upon earlier prepayment of the term loans in accordance with the Second Amendment (the Second Amendment Final Payment ).
The final payment related to the refinanced 30,000 in term loans that were outstanding under the Loan Agreement as amended by the First
Amendment of 2,224 remains and is due the earlier of June 1, 2024 or the earlier prepayment of the term loans in accordance with the
Second Amendment (the Original Final Payment ). 

Upon
receipt of additional funds, issuable pursuant to the second, third and fourth tranches, under the Second Amendment, additional common
shares will be issuable pursuant to the Second Amendment Warrant as determined by the principal amount of the second tranche, third tranche
and fourth tranche actually funded multiplied by 3.5 and divided by the warrant exercise price of 0.8026, and the Second Amendment
Final Payment will increase by 6.95 of the funds advanced. 

84 

The
total principal amount of the loan under the Loan Agreement as amended by the Second Amendment, outstanding at December 31, 2022, including
the Original Final Payment of 2,224 and the Second Amendment Final Payment of 3,475 in connection with the Second Amendment, is 55,699.
The principal amount of the loan made under the Loan Agreement as amended by the Second Amendment accrues interest at an annual rate
equal to the greater of (a) 8.00 or (b) prime rate plus 4.00 . The interest rate as of December 31, 2022 was 11.50 . The Company is
required to pay only interest until September 14, 2026. 

CEPI
Partnership 

On March 9, 2021, we and CEPI announced the CEPI Funding Agreement, to
develop eVLP vaccine candidates against SARS-COV-2 variants, including the Beta variant, also known as the B.1.351 variant and as 501Y.V2,
first identified in South Africa. CEPI agreed to provide up to 33,018 to support the advancement of VBI-2905, a monovalent eVLP candidate
expressing the pre-fusion form of the spike protein from the Beta variant strain, through Phase I clinical development. On December 6,
2022, we and CEPI entered into the CEPI Amendment to expand the scope of the CEPI Funding Agreement. The CEPI Amendment, among others,
(i) expands the definition of Project Vaccine to include additional multivalent vaccine constructs within the VBI-2900 program,
(ii) removes certain pricing restrictions previously allocated to high-income countries in the CEPI Funding Agreement, (iii) updates the
proposed volume commitment percentage contributions by us to CEPI for a Project Vaccine, and (iv) adds certain commercial benefits and
related adjustments for CEPI following the pandemic period, including royalties paid to CEPI, in the event that CEPI provides funding
for Phase III clinical studies of the Project Vaccine. Since inception of the CEPI Funding Agreement we received 19,327, of which there
is a balance remaining of 6,966 in other current liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet. 

Plan
of Operations and Future Funding Requirements 

The report of our
independent registered public accounting firm on our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022,
contains an explanatory paragraph regarding our ability to continue as a going concern. VBI has incurred significant net losses and
negative operating cash flows since inception and expects to continue incurring losses and negative cash flows from operations as we
carry out our planned clinical, regulatory, R D, commercial, and manufacturing activities with respect to the advancement of our
3-antigen HBV vaccine and the advancement of our pipeline candidates. As of December 31, 2022, VBI had an accumulated deficit of
 489,609, stockholders equity of 64,163 and cash of 62,629. Cash outflows from operating activities were 73,695 for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Our
ability to maintain our status as an operating company and to realize our investment in our IPR D assets is dependent upon obtaining
adequate cash to finance our clinical development, manufacturing, our commercialization activities, our administrative overhead and our
research and development activities. We expect that we will need to secure additional financing to finance our business plans, which
may be a combination of proceeds from the issuance of equity securities, the issuance of additional debt, government or non-government
grants or subsidies, and revenues from potential business development transactions, if any. There is no assurance we will manage
to obtain these sources of financing. The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that we will continue as a going
concern; however, the above conditions raise substantial doubt about our ability to do so. The financial statements do not include any
adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classifications
of liabilities that may result from this uncertainty. Our long-term success and ability to continue as a
going concern is dependent upon obtaining sufficient capital to fund the research and development of our products, to bring about their
successful commercial release, to generate revenue, and, ultimately, to attain profitable operations, or, alternatively, to advance our
products and technology to such a point that they would be attractive candidates for acquisition by others in the industry. 

We
will require additional funds to conduct clinical and non-clinical trials, achieve regulatory approvals, and, subject to such approvals,
commercially launch our products, and will need to secure additional financing in the future to support our operations and to realize
our investment in our IPR D assets. We base this belief on assumptions that are subject to change, and we may be required to use
our available cash and cash equivalent resources sooner than we currently expect. Our actual future capital requirements will depend
on many factors, including the progress and results of our ongoing clinical trials, the duration and cost of discovery and preclinical
development, laboratory testing and clinical trials for our pipeline candidates, the timing and outcome of regulatory review of our products,
product sales outside of Israel, the costs involved in preparing, filing, prosecuting, maintaining, defending, and enforcing patent claims
and other intellectual property rights, the number and development requirements of other pipeline candidates that we pursue, and the
costs of commercialization activities, including product marketing, sales, and distribution. 

85 

We expect to finance our future cash needs through public or private equity
offerings, debt financings, government grants or non-government funding, or business development transactions. Pursuant to the Contribution
Agreement, we will receive up to CAD 55,976 as a government grant to support the development of the Company s coronavirus vaccine
program, though Phase II clinical studies, and pursuant to the CEPI Funding Agreement, as amended by the CEPI Amendment, we will receive
up to 33,018 in funding to support the development of the Company s coronavirus vaccine program.
We may need to raise additional funds more quickly if one or more of our assumptions prove to be incorrect or if we choose to expand our
product development efforts more rapidly than we presently anticipate. We may also decide to raise additional funds even before we need
them if the conditions for raising capital are favorable. Additional equity, debt, government grants or non-government funding, or business
development transactions may not be available on acceptable terms, if at all. If adequate funds are not available, we may be required
to delay, reduce the scope of or eliminate our R D programs, reduce our planned commercialization efforts or obtain funds through
arrangements with collaborators or others that may require us to relinquish rights to certain pipeline candidates that we might otherwise
seek to develop or commercialize independently. 

To
the extent we raise additional capital by issuing equity securities or obtaining borrowings convertible into equity, ownership
dilution to existing stockholders will result and future investors may be granted rights superior to those of existing stockholders.
The incurrence of indebtedness or debt financing would result in increased fixed obligations and could also result in covenants that
would restrict our operations. Our ability to obtain additional capital may depend on prevailing economic conditions and financial,
business, and other factors beyond our control. The COVID-19 pandemic, its ongoing effects, the continuing armed conflict between
Russia and Ukraine, and inflation among others, have caused an unstable economic environment globally. Disruptions in the global
financial markets may adversely impact the availability and cost of credit, as well as our ability to raise money in the capital
markets. Current economic conditions have been, and continue to be, volatile. Continued instability in these market conditions may
limit our ability to access the capital necessary to fund and grow our business. 

The
Company s long-term success and ability to continue as a going concern are dependent upon obtaining sufficient capital to fund
the research and development of its pipeline candidates, to bring about their successful commercial release, to generate revenue and,
ultimately, to attain profitable operations or, alternatively, to advance its products and technology to such a point that they would
be attractive candidates for acquisition by others in the industry. 

To
date, the Company has been able to obtain financing as and when it was needed however, there is no assurance that financing will
be available in the future, or if it is, that it will be available at acceptable terms. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we have no off-balance sheet transactions, arrangements, obligations (including contingent obligations), or other
relationships with unconsolidated entities or other persons that have, or may have, a material effect on our financial condition, changes
in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures, or capital resources. 

Net
Operating Loss Carryforwards NOLs 

At
December 31, 2022, the Company had NOLs aggregating approximately 409.4 million. The NOLs are available to reduce taxable income of future
years and expire as follows: 

Netherlands 
 United States 
 Canada 
 Israel 
 Total 
 
 2025 
 - 
 - 
 843 
 - 
 843 
 
 2026 
 - 
 10 
 3,510 
 - 
 3,520 
 
 2027 
 - 
 446 
 4,067 
 - 
 4,513 
 
 2028 
 - 
 718 
 1,575 
 - 
 2,293 
 
 2029 
 - 
 672 
 2,949 
 - 
 3,621 
 
 2030 
 - 
 2,556 
 955 
 - 
 3,511 
 
 2031 
 - 
 3,617 
 1,181 
 - 
 4,798 
 
 2032 
 - 
 2,962 
 - 
 - 
 2,962 
 
 2033 
 - 
 3,126 
 1,380 
 - 
 4,506 
 
 2034 
 - 
 5,626 
 5,166 
 - 
 10,792 
 
 2035 
 - 
 4,661 
 1,553 
 - 
 6,214 
 
 2036 
 - 
 5,323 
 8,242 
 - 
 13,565 
 
 2037 
 - 
 6,017 
 9,263 
 - 
 15,280 
 
 2038 
 - 
 - 
 2,301 
 - 
 2,301 
 
 2039 
 - 
 - 
 7,322 
 - 
 7,322 
 
 2040 
 - 
 - 
 15,544 
 - 
 15,544 
 
 2041 
 - 
 - 
 11,423 
 - 
 11,423 
 
 2042 
 - 
 - 
 20,159 
 - 
 20,159 
 
 No expiration 
 250 
 19,641 
 - 
 256,305 
 276,196 
 
 Total losses 
 250 
 55,375 
 97,433 
 256,305 
 409,363 

NOL
and tax credit carryforwards are subject to review and possible adjustment by the tax authorities in the respective countries. This could
limit the amount of tax attributes that can be utilized annually to offset future taxable income or tax liabilities. At December 31,
2022, we recorded a 100 valuation allowance against our NOL, as we believe it is more likely than not that the tax benefits will not
be fully realized. In the future, if we determine that a portion or all of the tax benefits associated with our tax carryforwards will
be realized, net income would increase in the period of determination. 

86 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Critical
accounting policies are those that are most important to the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations and require
difficult, subjective and complex judgments by management in order to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently
uncertain. During the year ended December 31, 2022, there were no significant changes to our critical accounting policies, which are
discussed in Note 2 to our Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Preparation of the consolidated
financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. U.S. GAAP requires management
to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual
amounts could differ from the estimates made. We continually evaluate estimates used in the preparation of the consolidated financial
statements for reasonableness. Appropriate adjustments, if any, to the estimates used are made prospectively based upon such periodic
evaluation. 

In
particular, significant judgments made by management in the application of U.S. GAAP during the preparation of the consolidated financial
statements and estimates with a risk of material adjustment include: 

Revenue
Recognition 

Product
revenues, net 

Revenues
from product sales are recognized when we have satisfied our performance obligation, which is the transfer of control of our product
upon delivery to the Customer. The timing between the recognition of revenue for product sales and the receipt of payment is not significant.
Because our standard credit terms are short-term and we expect to receive payment in less than one-year, there is no significant financing
component on the related receivables. Taxes collected from Customers relating to product sales and remitted to governmental authorities
are excluded from revenues. Since our performance obligation is part of a contract that has an original expected duration of one year
or less, we elect not to disclose the information about our remaining performance obligations. 

Overall,
product revenue, net, reflects our best estimates of the amount of consideration to which we are entitled based on the terms of the contract.
The amount of variable consideration is included in the net sales price only to the extent that it is probable that a significant reversal
in the amount of the cumulative revenue recognized will not occur in a future period. If our estimates differ significantly from actuals,
we will record adjustments that would affect product revenue, net in the period of adjustment. If we were to change any of these judgments
or estimates, it could cause a material increase or decrease in the amount of revenue that we report in a particular period. We evaluate
our estimates of variable considerations including, but not limited to, product returns, chargebacks, rebates, and other fees, periodically or when
there is an event or change in circumstances that may indicate that our estimates may change. 

87 

Reserves
for Variable Consideration 

Revenues
from product sales are recorded at the net sales price, which includes estimates of variable consideration such as product returns, chargebacks,
discounts, rebates, and other fees that are offered within contracts between us and our Customers, healthcare providers, pharmacies and
others relating to our product sales. We estimate variable consideration using either the most likely amount method or the expected value
method, depending on the type of variable consideration and what method better predicts the amount of consideration we expect to
receive. We take into consideration relevant factors such as industry data, current contractual terms, available information about Customers 
inventory, resale and chargeback data and forecasted customer buying and payment patterns, in estimating each variable consideration.
The variable consideration is recorded at the time product sales is recognized, resulting in a reduction in product revenue and a reduction
in accounts receivable (if the Customer offsets the amount against its accounts receivable) or as an accrued liability (if we pay the
amount through our accounts payable process). Variable consideration requires significant estimates, judgment and information obtained
from external sources. 

Product
Returns 

Consistent
with industry practice, we offer our Customers a limited right of return based on the product s expiration date for product that
has been purchased from us. We estimate the amount of our product sales that may be returned by our Customers and record this estimate
as a reduction of revenue in the period the related product revenue is recognized. We consider several factors in the estimation of potential
product returns including expiration dates of the product shipped, the limited product return rights, available information about Customers 
inventory and other relevant factors. 

Chargebacks 

Our
Customers subsequently resell our product to healthcare providers, pharmacies and others. In addition to distribution agreements with
Customers, we enter into arrangements with qualified healthcare providers that provide for chargebacks and discounts with respect to
the purchase of our product. Chargebacks represent the estimated obligations resulting from contractual commitments to sell product to
qualified healthcare providers at prices lower than the list prices charged to Customers who directly purchase the product from us. Customers
charge us for the difference between what they pay for the product and the ultimate selling price to the qualified healthcare providers.
These reserves are established in the same period that the related revenue is recognized, resulting in a reduction of product revenue
and accounts receivable. Chargeback amounts are determined at the time of resale to the qualified healthcare providers by Customers,
and we issue credits for such amounts generally within a few weeks of the Customer s notification to us of the resale. Reserves
for chargebacks consists of credits that we expect to issue for units that remain in the distribution channel inventories at each reporting
period end that we expect will be sold to the qualified healthcare providers, and chargebacks for units that our Customers have sold
to the qualified healthcare providers, but for which credits have not been issued. 

Trade
Discounts and Allowances 

We
provide our Customers with discounts which include early payment incentives that are explicitly stated in our contracts, and are recorded
as a reduction of revenue in the period the related product revenue is recognized. 

Distribution
Fees 

Distribution
fees include fees paid to certain Customers for sales order management, data, and distribution services. Distribution fees are recorded
as a reduction of revenue in the period the related product revenue is recognized. 

Collaborative
Arrangements 

The
Company first evaluates license and/or collaboration arrangements to determine whether the arrangement (or part of the arrangement) represents
a collaborative arrangement pursuant to Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 808, Collaborative Arrangements ASC
808 ), based on the risks and rewards and activities of the parties pursuant to the contractual arrangement. The Company then determines
if the collaborative arrangements are within the scope of ASC Topic 606, Revenue Recognition ASC 606 ). 

88 

Collaborative
arrangements with partners which are within the scope of ASC 606 typically include payment to us of one or more of the following: (i)
license fees; (ii) research and development services to be performed as part of the contract R D services (iii) payments
related to the achievement of developmental, regulatory, or commercial milestones; and (iv) royalties on net sales of licensed products. 

Collaborative
arrangements (or elements within the contract that are deemed part of a collaborative arrangement) with partners which represent a collaborative
relationship and not a customer relationship, are accounted for outside the scope of ASC Topic 606. 

License
Fees 

If
a license to our intellectual property is determined to be distinct from the other performance obligations identified in the arrangement,
we recognize revenues from non-refundable, up-front fees allocated to the license when the license is transferred to the licensee and
the licensee is able to use and benefit from the license. 

R D
Services 

The
promises under the Company s collaboration and license agreements generally include research and development services to be performed
by the Company. For performance obligations that include research and development services, the Company generally recognizes revenue
allocated to such performance obligations based on an appropriate measure of progress. The Company utilizes judgment to determine the
appropriate method of measuring progress for purposes of recognizing revenue, which is generally an input measure such as costs incurred.
The Company evaluates the measure of progress each reporting period and, if necessary, adjusts the measure of performance and related
revenue recognition. 

Royalties 

For
arrangements that include sales-based royalties, including milestone payments based on a level of sales, and the license is deemed to
be the predominant item to which the royalties relate, the Company recognizes revenue at the later of (i) when the related sales occur
or (ii) when the performance obligation to which some or all of the royalty has been allocated has been satisfied (or partially satisfied).
To date, the Company has not recognized any royalty revenue resulting from any of its licensing arrangements. 

Income
Taxes 

In
assessing the probability of realizing income tax assets, management makes estimates related to expectations of future taxable income,
applicable tax opportunities, expected timing of reversals of existing temporary differences and likelihood that tax positions taken
will be sustained upon examination by applicable tax authorities. The Company has recorded a full valuation allowance on its entire net
deferred tax assets as it believes it is not more likely than not the tax benefits will be realized. 

Intangible
Assets and Goodwill 

The
Company s intangible assets determined to have indefinite useful lives including IPR D and goodwill, are tested for impairment
annually, or more frequently if events or circumstances indicate that the assets might be impaired. Such circumstances could include
but are not limited to: (1) a significant adverse change in legal factors or in business climate, (2) unanticipated competition, or (3)
an adverse action or assessment by a regulator. The Company has established August 31st as the date for its annual impairment test of
IPR D and goodwill. 

The
IPR D assets, which consist of the CMV and GBM programs, were acquired in a business combination, capitalized as an intangible asset
and are tested for impairment at least annually until commercialization, after which time the IPR D will be amortized over its estimated
useful life. The impairment test compares the carrying amount of the IPR D asset to its fair value. If the carrying amount exceeds
the fair value of the asset, such excess is recorded as an impairment loss. There was no IPR D impairment determined as a result
of the Company s annual testing on August 31, 2022. The fair value of the IPR D assets included in the impairment test was
determined using the income approach method and is considered Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy. Some of the more significant estimates
and assumptions inherent in the estimate of the fair value of IPR D assets include the amount and timing of costs to develop the
IPR D into viable products, the amount and timing of future cash inflows, the discount rate and the probability of technical and
regulatory success applied to the cash flows. The discount rate used was 12 and the cumulative probability of technical and regulatory
success to achieve approval to market the products ranged from approximately 10 to 17 . 

89 

Goodwill
represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the net tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired in a
business combination. When evaluating goodwill for impairment, we may first perform an assessment qualitatively whether it is more likely
than not that a reporting unit s carrying amount exceeds its fair value, referred to as a step zero approach. Subsequently
(if necessary, after step zero), if the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeded its fair value an impairment would be recorded. We
would perform our goodwill impairment test by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount. There was no goodwill
impairment determined as a result of the Company s annual testing on August 31, 2022. The fair value of the Company, which consists
of a single reporting unit, included in the impairment test was determined using the closing market stock price of VBI as of August 31,
2022. 

Accrued
Research and Development Expenses 

When
preparing our financial statements, we are required to estimate our accrued research and development expenses. This process involves
reviewing contracts and communicating with our personnel to identify services that have been performed on our behalf and estimating the
level of service performed and the associated cost incurred for the service when we have not yet been invoiced or otherwise notified
of actual cost. Payments under some of the contracts we have with third parties depend on factors such as successful enrollment of certain
numbers of patients, site initiation and the completion of clinical trial milestones. 

When
accruing research and development expenses, we estimate the time period over which services will be performed and the level of effort
to be expended in each period. If possible, we obtain information regarding unbilled services directly from our service providers. However,
we may be required to estimate the cost of these services based only on information available to us. If we underestimate or overestimate
the cost associated with research and development services at a given point in time, adjustments to research and development expenses
may be necessary in future periods. Historically, our estimated accrued research and development expenses have approximated actual expense
incurred. 

Long-Term
Debt 

The
Company accounts for long-term debt under the provisions of ASC 470-20, Debt Debt with conversion and other options ASC
470 ). Debt discount is charged to interest expense, net of interest income in the consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive
loss using the effective interest method over the term of the debt. 

Known
Trends, Events and Uncertainties 

As
with other companies that are commercializing novel pharmaceutical products, we will need to successfully manage normal business and
scientific risks. Research and development of new technologies is, by its nature, unpredictable. We cannot assure you that our
technology will be adopted, that we will ever earn revenues sufficient to support our operations, or that we will ever be
profitable. In addition, the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and its ongoing effects is currently indeterminable and continually
evolving, and has adversely affected and may continue to adversely affect our operations and the global economy. Furthermore, other
than as discussed in this report, we have no committed source of financing and may not be able to raise money as and when we need it
to continue our operations. If we cannot raise funds as and when we need them, we may be required to severely curtail, or even to
cease, our operations. 

Other
than as discussed above and elsewhere in this report, we are not aware of any trends, events or uncertainties that are likely to have
a material effect on our financial condition. 

90 

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements 

See
Note 3 of Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Related
Parties 

During
the year ended December 31, 2019, the Company agreed to pay a car loan with an officer of the Company, as part of their compensation
arrangement, for 56, repayable over 3 years. The total amount of the car loan lease at December 31, 2022 and 2021, is 0 and 29, respectively.
The car loan lease was repaid during the year ending December 31, 2022. 

ITEM
7A: QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Interest
Rate Risk 

We
are exposed to market risk related to changes in interest rates with respect to our cash holdings and our outstanding long-term debt. 

As
of December 31, 2022, and 2021, we had cash of 62.6 million and 121.7 million, respectively which has been deposited in high interest
rate bank accounts. Our cash holdings are in accordance with our investment policy approved by our board of directors, which specifies
the categories, allocations and ratings of securities we may consider for investment. The primary objective of our investment activities
is to preserve principal while at the same time maximizing the income we receive without significantly increasing risk. We do not hold
or issue derivatives, derivative commodity instruments or other financial instruments for speculative trading purposes. Further, we do
not believe our cash have significant risk of default or illiquidity. 

As
of December 31, 2022, and 2021 we had long-term debt outstanding of 55.7 million and 32.2 million, respectively. The principal amount
of the loan made under the Loan Agreement, as amended by the Second Amendment accrues interest at an annual rate equal to the greater
of (a) 8.00 or (b) prime rate plus 4.00 . The interest rate as of December 31, 2022 was 11.50 . Our interest rate risk exposure is primarily
due to prime rate fluctuations. 

Based
on our current interest rate risk, we do not believe that our results of operations or our financial position would be materially affected
by a change in interest rates of 100 basis points. 

Foreign
Currency Risk 

We
are also exposed to market risk related to change in foreign currency exchange rates. We have operations in Israel, Europe, Canada, and
the U.S. and therefore we incur expenses in NIS, the Euro, Canadian Dollars, and United States Dollars. We also contract with
certain vendors which have contracts denominated in foreign currencies. We are subject to fluctuations in foreign currency rates in connection
with our foreign operations and certain agreements. We do not currently hedge our foreign exchange rate risk. As of December 31, 2022,
and December 31, 2021, we had minimal liabilities to third parties denominated in foreign currencies. 

ITEM
8: FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

The
financial statements and notes thereto required by this item begin on page F-1 of this Form 10-K, as listed in Item 15 of Part IV. 

ITEM
9: CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

Not
applicable. 

91 

ITEM
9A: CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Disclosure
Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure
controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed
by an issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the issuer s management,
including its principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow
timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

We
carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer
(our principal executive officer) and our Chief Financial Officer and Head of Business Development (our principal financial and accounting
officer), of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered
by this Form 10-K. The evaluation was undertaken in consultation with our accounting personnel and external consultants. Based on that
evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer and Head of Business Development concluded that, as of December
31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports
that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the
SEC s rules and forms. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial
reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act as a process designed by, or under the supervision
of, our principal executive and principal financial and accounting officers and effected by our Board of Directors, management and other
personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that: 

pertain
 to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; 

provide
 reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with
 generally accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations
 of management and our directors; and 

provide
 reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that
 could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, our internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore, even those
systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation.
Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because
of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

92 

Our
 Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer and Head of Business Development
 assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December
 31, 2022. In making this assessment, management evaluated the criteria set forth by the Committee
 of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated
 Framework (2013) . 

Based
on our assessment, our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer and Head of Business Development determined that, as of
December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting is effective. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under
the Exchange Act) during the fourth quarter of the last fiscal year that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM
9B: OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM
9C: DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not
applicable. 

93 

PART
III 

ITEM
10: DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The
information required in response to this Item 10 is incorporated herein by reference from our definitive proxy statement on Schedule
14A for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which we will file with the SEC within 120 days of the end of the fiscal year to which
this Annual Report on Form 10-K relates (the Proxy Statement ). 

ITEM
11: EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The
information required by this Item 11 is incorporated herein by reference from our Proxy Statement. 

ITEM
12: SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS 

The
information required by this Item 12 is incorporated herein by reference from our Proxy Statement. 

ITEM
13: CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

The
information required by this Item 13 is incorporated herein by reference from our Proxy Statement. 

ITEM
14: PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

The
information required by this Item 14 is incorporated herein by reference from our Proxy Statement. 

94 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15: EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

1. 
 Financial
 Statements 

The
following financial statements are included herein: 

Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB: 

Consolidated
 Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Consolidated
 Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Consolidated
 Statements of Stockholders Equity - For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Consolidated
 Statements of Cash Flows - For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Notes
 to Consolidated Financial Statements 

2. 
 Exhibits 

See
Index to Exhibits 

ITEM
16: FORM 10-K SUMMARY. 

Not
applicable. 

95 

VBI
Vaccines Inc. 

Table
of Contents 

Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-2 

Consolidated
 Balance Sheets December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 F-4 

Consolidated
 Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss - For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 

Consolidated
 Statements of Stockholders Equity - For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 

Consolidated
 Statements of Cash Flows - For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-7 

Notes
 to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-8 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and Stockholders of 

 VBI
Vaccines Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance
sheets of VBI Vaccines Inc. and Subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated
statements of operations and comprehensive loss, stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years then ended, and the
related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly,
in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, and the consolidated results
of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in
the United States of America. 

Going
Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared
assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company faces several
risks, including but not limited to, uncertainties regarding the success of the development and commercialization of its products, demand
and market acceptance of the Company s products, and reliance on major customers. The Company anticipates that it will continue
to incur significant operating costs and losses in connection with the development and commercialization of its products. The Company
has an accumulated deficit as of December 31, 2022 and cash outflows from operating activities for the year-ended December 31, 2022 and,
as such, will require significant additional funds to conduct clinical and non-clinical trials, commercially launch its products, and
achieve regulatory approvals that raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in
regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the
outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards
of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform,
an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal
control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

The critical audit matters communicated below are
matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the
audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially
challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on
the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing a separate opinion
on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which it they relate. 

Valuation of In-Process Research and Development 

As described in Notes 2 and 7 to the financial statements,
the Company s consolidated In-Process Research Development IPR D indefinite-lived intangible asset balance
was approximately 58 million as of December 31, 2022, related to both cytomegalovirus CMV and glioblastoma GBM programs. The Company performs impairment testing of indefinite-lived intangible assets on August 31st each year, and tests indefinite-lived
intangible assets for impairment between annual tests if events or circumstances indicate that the assets might be impaired. The impairment
test compares the carrying amount of the IPR D asset to its estimated fair value. If the carrying amounts exceeds the fair value of
the asset, such excess is recorded as an impairment loss. There was no IPR D impairment loss determined as a result of the Company s
annual testing on August 31, 2022. The fair value of the IPR D assets included in the impairment test was determined using the income
approach method and is considered Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy. Some of the more significant estimates and assumptions inherent
in the estimate of the fair value of IRP D assets include the amount and timing of costs to develop the IPR D into viable products,
the amount and timing of future cash inflows, the discount rate, and the probability of technical and regulatory success applied to the
cash flows. The valuation of IPR D assets was also identified as a critical accounting estimate by management. 

F- 2 

We identified the valuation of IPR D as a critical
audit matter due to the significant judgment, assumptions and estimation required by management in determining the estimated fair value
of the IPR D. This in turn led to a high degree of auditor subjectivity relating to management s determination, and significant
audit effort was required, including the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge, in performing our procedures and evaluating
the audit evidence obtained relating to estimates made by management. 

Addressing the matter involved performing procedures
and evaluating audit evidence, in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We obtained an
understanding and evaluated the design of controls over the Company s valuation of IPR D assets. Our procedures also included,
among others, testing management s process and evaluating the reasonableness of significant assumptions used in estimating the fair
value of IPR D. Significant assumptions included the amount and timing of future cash flows, probability adjustments surrounding technical
and regulatory success, and the discount rate. Evaluating the reasonableness of the significant assumptions involved considering consistency
with third-party market and industry data, evidence obtained in other areas of the audit, historical assumptions used by the Company as
well as management s representation as to its commitment to develop the IPR D into viable products. Valuation professionals
with specialized skill and knowledge were used to assist in evaluating the appropriateness of the income approach and the reasonableness
of certain significant assumptions, including the discount rate, and reperforming the calculation. 

Accrual for research and development expenses

As described in Note 2 to the financial statements,
at each balance sheet date the Company estimates its accrued research and development expenses resulting from its obligations under contracts
with vendors in connection with conducting clinical trials, and may depend on factors such as successful enrollment of certain numbers
of patients, site initiation, and the completion of clinical trial milestones. The Company accounts for research and development expenses
based on services that have been performed on the Company s behalf and estimating the level of service performed and the associated
cost incurred for the service when an invoice has not been received or the Company has not otherwise been notified of the actual cost.
The Company estimates the time period over which services will be performed and the level of effort to be expended in each period. The
Company s accrual for research and development expenses of 6.7 million is included in other current liabilities on the December
31, 2022 consolidated balance sheet. The amounts recorded for research and development expenses represent the Company s estimate
of the unpaid research and development expenses based on the information available to the Company at that time. The estimation of research
and development expenses was also identified as a critical accounting estimate by management. 

We identified the accrual for research and development
expenses as a critical audit matter due to the significant judgment and estimation required by management in determining progress or state
of completion of trials or services completed. This in turn led to a high degree of auditor subjectivity, and significant audit effort
was required in performing our procedures and evaluating audit evidence relating to estimates made by management. 

Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit
evidence, in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We obtained an understanding and evaluated
the design of controls over the Company s estimation of the accrual for research and development expenses, including the process
of estimating the expenses incurred to date based on the status of the clinical trials. Our procedures also included, among others, confirming
the assumptions, described above, which were used in developing the research and development estimates, directly with the third parties
involved in performing the research and development services on behalf of the Company. Our alternative procedures when confirmations were
not obtained, or when differences were noted in the confirmation response, included (i) reading agreements and contract amendments
with vendors in connection with conducting clinical trials, (ii) evaluating the significant assumptions described above and the methods
used in developing the research and development estimates, (iii) making direct inquiries of financial and research and development client
personnel regarding status and progress to completion of clinical trials and description of future commitments, and (iv) verifying amounts
paid to date under each contract by vouching to invoices and payment support. For items selected for testing we also recalculated the
amounts that were unpaid at the balance sheet date and compared to management s estimates. 

/s/
 EisnerAmper LLP 

We
 have served as the Company s auditor since 2016. 

March 13, 2023 

F- 3 

VBI
Vaccines Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Consolidated
Balance Sheets 

 (in
thousands, except share amounts) 

December
 31, 2022 
 December
 31, 2021 

CURRENT ASSETS 

Cash 

Accounts receivable,
 net 

Inventory, net 

Prepaid expenses 

Other
 current assets 

Total current assets 

NON-CURRENT ASSETS 

Other long-term assets 

Property and equipment,
 net 

Right of use assets 

Intangible assets, net 

Goodwill 

Total non-current assets 

TOTAL
 ASSETS 

CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Accounts payable 

Other current liabilities 

Current portion of deferred
 revenues 

Current
 portion of lease liability 

Total current liabilities 

NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Lease liability, net
 of current portion 

Long-term debt, net
 of debt discount 

Liabilities for severance
 pay 

Deferred
 revenues, net of current portion 

Total
 non-current liabilities 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES
 (NOTE 17) 
 - 

STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Common shares unlimited authorized; 
 par value) (2022 issued and outstanding ; 2021 - issued and outstanding 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders 
 equity 

TOTAL
 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

See
accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

F- 4 

VBI
Vaccines Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Consolidated
Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 

 (in
thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

2022 
 2021 

For
 the Years Ended December 31 

2022 
 2021 

Revenues, net 

Operating expenses: 

Cost of revenues 

Research and development 

Sales,
 general and administrative 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Interest expense, net of interest income 

Foreign exchange
 (loss) gain 

Loss before income taxes 

Income tax expense 
 - 
 - 

NET
 LOSS 

Other comprehensive
 income (loss) 

COMPREHENSIVE
 LOSS 

Net loss per share of common shares, basic
 and diluted 

Weighted-average number of common shares
 outstanding, basic and diluted 

See
accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

F- 5 

VBI
Vaccines Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Consolidated
Statements of Stockholders Equity 

 (in
thousands, except number of common shares) 

Number
 of Common Shares 
 Share
 Capital 
 Additional
 Paid-in Capital 
 Accumulated
 Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 Accumulated
 Deficit 
 Total
 Stockholders Equity 

BALANCE
 AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2020 

Common
 shares issued in financing transactions, net of share issuance costs 

- 
 - 
 - 

Common
 shares issued upon exercise of warrants 

- 
 - 
 - 

Common
 shares issued upon exercise of options 

- 
 - 
 - 

Common
 shares issued upon cashless exercise of warrants 

- 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common
 shares issued upon conversion of long term debt 

- 
 - 
 - 

Warrant
 modification in connection with debt amendment 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Stock
 based compensation 
 - 

- 
 - 

Net
 loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Currency
 translation adjustments 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

BALANCE AS OF DECEMBER 31,
 2021 

Balance 

Adjustments for prior periods from adoption
 of ASU 2020-06 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Common shares issued upon exercise of options 

- 
 - 
 - 

Warrant issued in connection with debt amendment 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Stock-based compensation 
 - 

- 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Currency translation
 adjustments 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

BALANCE
 AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Balance 

See
accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

F- 6 

VBI
Vaccines Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows 

 (in
thousands) 

2022 
 2021 

For
 the Years Ended in December 31 

2022 
 2021 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile
 net loss to cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Stock-based compensation 

Amortization of debt
 discount 

Loss on extinguishment
 of long-term debt 
 
 - 
 
 Inventory reserve 

Unrealized foreign exchange
 loss (gain) 

Net change in operating
 working capital items: 

Change in accounts receivable 

Change in inventory 

Change in prepaid expenses 

Change in other current
 assets 

Change in other long-term
 assets 

Change in operating
 right of use assets 

Change in accounts payable 

Change in deferred revenues 

Change in other current
 liabilities 

Payments
 made on operating lease liabilities 

Net cash flows used
 in operating activities 

INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Redemption of short-term
 investments 
 - 

Purchase
 of property and equipment 

Net cash flows used in/ provided by investing
 activities 

FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Proceeds from issuance
 of common shares for in financing transactions 
 - 

Share issuance costs 
 - 

Proceeds from issuance
 of common shares upon exercise of warrants 
 - 

Proceeds from issuance
 of common shares upon exercise of stock options 

Proceeds from debt financing 

Debt
 issuance costs 

Net cash flows provided by financing activities 

Effect of exchange
 rates on cash 

CHANGE IN CASH FOR
 THE YEAR 

CASH, BEGINNING OF YEAR 

CASH, END OF YEAR 

Supplementary information: 

Interest paid 

Non-cash investing and financing: 

Adjustments for prior periods from adoption of ASU 2020-06 
 
 - 
 
 Warrant modification
 in connection with debt amendment 
 - 

Warrants issued in connection
 with financing transactions 
 
 - 
 
 Common shares issued
 in connection with cashless warrant exercise 
 - 

Common shares issued
 upon conversion of long-term debt 
 - 

Capital expenditures
 included in accounts payable and other current liabilities 

Share issuance costs
 included in accounts payable and other current liabilities 

See
accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

F- 7 

VBI
Vaccines Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 (in
thousands except share and per share amounts) 

. 

The
Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries, VBI Vaccines (Delaware) Inc., a Delaware corporation VBI DE VBI DE s
wholly-owned subsidiary, Variation Biotechnologies (US), Inc., a Delaware corporation VBI US Variation Biotechnologies,
Inc. a Canadian company and the wholly-owned subsidiary of VBI US VBI Cda SciVac Ltd. an Israeli company SciVac 
SciVac Hong Kong Limited SciVac HK and VBI Vaccines B.V a Netherlands company VBI BV ), are collectively
referred to as the Company , we , us , our , or VBI . 

The
Company s registered office is located at Suite 1700, Park Place, 666 Burrard Street, Vancouver, BC V6C 2X8 with its principal
office located at 160 Second Street, Floor 3, Cambridge, MA 02142. In addition, the Company has manufacturing facilities located in Rehovot,
Israel and research facilities located in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada. 

Principal
Operations 

VBI
Vaccines Inc. VBI is a commercial stage biopharmaceutical company driven by immunology in the pursuit of prevention and
treatment of disease. Through its innovative approach to virus-like particles VLPs ), including a proprietary enveloped
VLP eVLP platform technology, VBI develops vaccine candidates that mimic the natural presentation of viruses, designed
to elicit the innate power of the human immune system. VBI is committed to targeting and overcoming significant infectious diseases,
including hepatitis B HBV ), COVID-19 and coronaviruses, and cytomegalovirus CMV ), as well as aggressive
cancers including glioblastoma GBM ). VBI is headquartered in Cambridge, Massachusetts, with research operations in Ottawa,
Canada, and a research and manufacturing site in Rehovot, Israel. 

The
COVID-19 pandemic has materially negatively affected the global economy, and the ongoing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, including
but not limited to, supply chain issues, global shortages of supplies, materials and products, volatile market conditions and rising
global inflation, continue to do so. As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, our business and results of operations were adversely
affected and, as the ongoing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic continue to impact the global economy, these effects may continue to
adversely affect our business and results of operations. The extent to which these effects will continue to impact our business will
depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. We do not yet know the full extent of potential
delays or impacts on our business, our clinical studies, our research programs, the recoverability of our assets, and our
manufacturing; however, the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic may continue to disrupt or delay our business operations, including
with respect to efforts relating to potential business development transactions, and it could continue to disrupt the marketplace
which could have an adverse effect on our operations. 

Liquidity
and Going Concern 

The
Company faces a number of risks, including but not limited to, uncertainties regarding the success of the development and commercialization
of its products, demand and market acceptance of the Company s products, and reliance on major customers. The Company anticipates
that it will continue to incur significant operating costs and losses in connection with the development and commercialization of its
products. 

The
Company has an accumulated deficit of 
 and cash of as of December 31, 2022.
Cash outflows from operating activities were 
 for the year-ended December 31, 2022. 

The
Company will require significant additional funds to conduct clinical and non-clinical trials, commercially launch our products, and
achieve regulatory approvals. Additional financing may be obtained from the issuance of equity securities, the issuance of
additional debt, government or non-governmental organization grants or subsidies, and/or revenues from potential business
development transactions, if any. There is no assurance the Company will manage to obtain these sources of financing, if required. The above conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The consolidated
financial statements do not include any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification
of assets or the amounts and classifications of liabilities that may result from this uncertainty. 

.
This funding will also support preclinical expansion of additional multivalent vaccine candidates designed to evaluate the potential
breadth of our eVLP technology. The preclinical expansion is intended to develop clinic-ready vaccine candidates capable of addressing
emerging variants. See more information on the CEPI Funding Agreement in Note 14. 

On
May 17, 2021, the Company entered into the First Amendment to the Loan and Guaranty Agreement and Affirmation of Pledge and Security
Agreement (the First Amendment with K2 HealthVentures LLC K2HV and any other lender from time-to-time
party thereto. See Note 10 for more details. 

In
June 2021, the Company issued common shares to Perceptive Credit Holdings, LP and PCOF EQ AIV, LP (related parties), upon exercise
of warrants on a cashless net exercise basis. 

On
September 3, 2021, the Company entered into a second Open Market Sale Agreement SM with Jefferies LLC Jefferies to act as the Company s sales agent and/or principal, for the issuance and sale of up to an additional of the Company s
common shares from time to time in an at-the-market public offering, which the Company could choose to use when no shares remain available
for issuance under the first ATM Program. On July 31, 2020, the Company entered into an Open Market Sale Agreement with Jefferies, pursuant
to which the Company may offer and sell its common shares having an aggregate price of up to from time to time through Jefferies,
acting as agent or principal (the first ATM Program ). Common shares were offered pursuant to a sales agreement prospectus
included in the Company s automatic shelf registration on Form S-3 filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission SEC on July 31, 2020. 

On
July 1, 2022, we received a letter from the Listings Qualifications Department of Nasdaq indicating that, based upon the closing bid
price of our common shares for the 30 consecutive business day period between May 18, 2022, through June 30, 2022, we did not meet
the minimum bid price of 
per share required for continued listing on Nasdaq pursuant to Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2) (the Minimum Bid Price
Requirement ). In accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A), we were provided an initial period of 180 calendar days,
or until December 28, 2022, to regain compliance. On December 29, 2022, we were granted an additional 180-day grace period to regain
compliance with the Minimum Bid Price Requirement. To regain compliance and qualify for continued listing on Nasdaq, the closing bid
price of our common shares must be at least 1.00 for a minimum of 10 consecutive business days during the additional 180-day grace
period, which will end on June 26, 2023. Nasdaq s determination was based on our meeting the continued listing requirement for
market value of publicly held shares and all other applicable requirements for initial listing on Nasdaq, with the exception of the
Minimum Bid Price Requirement, and our written notice of our intention to cure the deficiency during the second compliance period by
effecting a reverse stock split, if necessary. We have not regained compliance as of the date of this filing, and if
we fail to regain compliance during this grace period, our common shares will be subject to delisting by Nasdaq, which could
seriously decrease or eliminate the value of an investment in our common shares. 

On
August 26, 2022, the Company 1) filed a registration statement for a base prospectus which covers the offering, issuance and sale of
up to of common shares, warrants, units and/or subscription rights; and 2) entered into an Open Market Sale Agreement with Jefferies,
pursuant to which the Company may offer and sell its common shares having an aggregate price of up to from time to time through
Jefferies, acting as agent or principal (the ATM Program ). The ATM Program replaces Open Market Sale Agreements previously
entered into with Jefferies on July 31, 2020, and September 3, 2021, pursuant to each of which we could offer and sell our common shares
having an aggregate price of up to from time to time, through ATM equity offering programs. Both ATM programs were terminated,
effective as of August 26, 2022. Prior to termination, of our common shares remained available for sale pursuant to the first
ATM program, and of our common shares remained available for sale pursuant to the second ATM program. Neither ATM program was
utilized in 2022. 

In
September 2022, the Company refinanced its existing term loan facility with K2HV to increase the amount of term loans available to 
among other items. See Note 10 for more details. The refinanced long-term debt has a maturity date of September 14, 2026. 

per depositor,
per insured bank, for each account ownership category. As of March 10, 2023, the Company had approximately in deposit accounts
at SVB. On March 12, 2023, the U.S. Treasury, Federal Reserve, and FDIC announced that SVB depositors will have access to
all of their money starting March 13, 2023. 

- 
 
 Machinery
 and equipment 
 
 - 
 
 Computers 
 
 - 
 
 Leasehold
 improvements 

When
assets are retired or otherwise disposed of, the cost and the related accumulated depreciation is removed from the accounts, and any
resulting gain or loss is recognized in the consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive loss. The cost of maintenance and
repairs is charged to expense as incurred; significant renewals and betterments are capitalized. 

. 

The
fair value of our CMV asset was in excess of its carrying value by greater than 25 as of August 31, 2022. In the event we continue
to experience challenging market conditions, insufficient internal resources due to competing programs, and changes in the competitive
and technological landscape for CMV vaccines, this may give rise to a triggering event that may require the Company to record impairment
charges on our IPR D assets in the future. 

Goodwill
represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the net tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired in a
business combination. When evaluating goodwill for impairment, we may first perform an assessment qualitatively whether it is more likely
than not that a reporting unit s carrying amount exceeds its fair value, referred to as a step zero approach. Subsequently
(if necessary, after step zero), if the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeded its fair value an impairment would be recorded. We
would perform our goodwill impairment test by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount. There was no goodwill
impairment determined as a result of the Company s annual testing on August 31, 2022. The fair value of the Company, which consists
of a single reporting unit, included in the impairment test was determined using the closing market stock price of VBI as of August 31,
2022. 

. See more information on the CEPI Funding Agreement in
Note 14. 

Trade
Discounts and Allowances 

We
provide our Customers with discounts which include early payment incentives that are explicitly stated in our contracts, and are recorded
as a reduction of revenue in the period the related product revenue is recognized. 

Distribution
Fees 

Distribution
fees include fees paid to certain Customers for sales order management, data, and distribution services. Distribution fees are recorded
as a reduction of revenue in the period the related product revenue is recognized. 

Collaborative
Arrangements 

The
Company first evaluates license and/or collaboration arrangements to determine whether the arrangement (or part of the arrangement) represents
a collaborative arrangement pursuant to Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 808, Collaborative Arrangements ASC
808 ), based on the risks and rewards and activities of the parties pursuant to the contractual arrangement. The Company then determines
if the collaborative arrangements are within the scope of ASC Topic 606, Revenue Recognition ASC 606 ). 

Collaborative
arrangements with partners which are within the scope of ASC 606 typically include payment to us of one or more of the following: (i)
license fees; (ii) research and development services to be performed as part of the contract R D services (iii) payments
related to the achievement of developmental, regulatory, or commercial milestones; and (iv) royalties on net sales of licensed products. 

Collaborative
arrangements (or elements within the contract that are deemed part of a collaborative arrangement) with partners which represent a collaborative
relationship and not a customer relationship, are accounted for outside the scope of ASC Topic 606. 

License
Fees 

If
a license to our intellectual property is determined to be distinct from the other performance obligations identified in the arrangement,
we recognize revenues from non-refundable, up-front fees allocated to the license when the license is transferred to the licensee and
the licensee is able to use and benefit from the license. 

R D
Services 

The
promises under the Company s collaboration and license agreements generally include research and development services to be performed
by the Company. For performance obligations that include research and development services, the Company generally recognizes revenue
allocated to such performance obligations based on an appropriate measure of progress. The Company utilizes judgment to determine the
appropriate method of measuring progress for purposes of recognizing revenue, which is generally an input measure such as costs incurred.
The Company evaluates the measure of progress each reporting period and, if necessary, adjusts the measure of performance and related
revenue recognition. 

Royalties 

For
arrangements that include sales-based royalties, including milestone payments based on a level of sales, and the license is deemed to
be the predominant item to which the royalties relate, the Company recognizes revenue at the later of (i) when the related sales occur
or (ii) when the performance obligation to which some or all of the royalty has been allocated has been satisfied (or partially satisfied).
To date, the Company has not recognized any royalty revenue resulting from any of its licensing arrangements. 

and at December 31,
2022 and 2021, respectively. The fair value of the outstanding debt is considered to be Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy and was estimated
by discounting to present value the scheduled coupon payments and principal repayment, using an appropriate fair market yield. 

Stockholders equity 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Recently
Issued Accounting Standards, not yet Adopted 

In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13, Financial
Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments ASU 2016-13 ). The
amendments in ASU 2016-13, among other things, require the measurement of all expected credit losses for financial assets held at the
reporting date based on historical experience, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts. Financial institutions and
other organizations will now use forward-looking information to better inform their credit loss estimates. Many of the loss estimation
techniques applied today will still be permitted, although the inputs to those techniques will change to reflect the full amount of expected
credit losses. ASU 2016-13 will be effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022, including interim periods within those
fiscal years. This ASU will be implemented through a modified retrospective method of transition. While the Company is currently evaluating
the adoption impact of ASU 2016-13 on its consolidated financial statements, the preliminary assessment is that the adoption of this standard
is not expected to have a material effect on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

- 
 
 Work-in-process 

Raw materials 

Inventory, net 

The
Company recorded a provision of approximately and during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The provision
is for inventory largely related to excess work-in process which is no longer expected to be used in the manufacturing process. 

Other current assets 

Total other current
 assets 

Furniture and office equipment 

Computer equipment and software 

Leasehold improvements 

2021 

Cost 
 Accumulated
 Depreciation 
 Net
 Book Value 
 
 Machinery and equipment 

Furniture and office equipment 

Computer equipment and software 

Leasehold improvements 

Related
depreciation expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 was and , respectively. 

- 
 - 
 - 
 
 IPR D
 assets 
 
 - 

2021 

Gross
 Carrying Amount 
 Accumulated
 Amortization 
 Cumulative 
 Impairment Charge 
 Cumulative
 Currency Translation 
 Net
 Book Value 
 
 License 

- 

IPR D assets 
 
 - 

The
license is held in Israel at SciVac. Amortization expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 amounted to and , respectively.
The license is fully amortized as of December 31, 2022. These amounts do not include any amortization related to the IPR D assets,
which will not begin amortizing until the Company commercializes its products. 

The
IPR D assets are in VBI Cda and the change in carrying value for IPR D assets from December 31, 2021 relates to currency translation
adjustments which decreased by for the year ended December 31, 2022. The change in carrying value from December 31, 2020 to December
31, 2021 relates to currency translation adjustments which increased IPR D assets by . 

2021 

Gross
 Carrying Amount 
 Cumulative
 Impairment Charge 
 Cumulative
 Currency Translation 
 Net
 Book Value 
 
 Goodwill 

The
goodwill is in VBI Cda and the change in carrying value from December 31, 2021 relates to currency translation adjustments which decreased
goodwill by for the year ended December 31, 2022. The change in carrying value for goodwill from December 31, 2020 relates to currency
translation adjustments which increased by for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Accrued professional fees 

Payroll and employee-related costs 

Deferred funding 

Other current liabilities 

Total other current
 liabilities 

Stock options and unvested stock awards 

K2HV conversion feature 

at December 31, 2021) 

Less: current portion,
 net of debt discount of at December 31, 2021) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Long-term debt 

On
May 22, 2020, the Company (along with its subsidiary VBI Cda) entered into the Loan and Guaranty Agreement (the Loan Agreement with K2HV and any other lender from time-to-time party thereto (the Lenders ). On May 22, 2020, the Lenders advanced the
first tranche of term loans of . Pursuant to the Loan Agreement, the Lenders originally had the ability to convert, at the Lenders 
option, up to of the secured term loan into common shares of the Company at a conversion price of per share until the original
maturity date of . On February 3, 2021, pursuant to the Loan Agreement, the Lenders, converted of the secured term
loan into common shares at a conversion price of per share. 

On
May 17, 2021, the Company entered into the First Amendment to the Loan and Guaranty Agreement First Amendment with the
Lenders and received additional loan advances of . 

On
September 14, 2022, the Company entered into the Second Amendment to the Loan Agreement (the Second Amendment with the
Lenders to: (i) increase the amount of the term loans available under the Loan Agreement to from , which term loans are
available in up to four tranches subject to the achievement of milestones and other customary conditions, (ii) add certain minimum
net revenue covenants to the Second Amendment, extend the final maturity date for the term loans to September 14, 2026, which may be
extended to September 14, 2027, under certain circumstances, and (iv) to the extent that the maturity date is extended, the term loans
will begin amortizing on a monthly basis on September 14, 2026. 

On
September 15, 2022, the Lenders advanced to the Borrowers the Restatement First Tranche Term Loan (as defined in the Second Amendment)
in an aggregate amount of which included the refinancing of the in term loans that were outstanding under the Loan Agreement
as amended by the First Amendment. The second tranche of term loans of up to will be available from April 1, 2023, through June
30, 2023, subject to the achievement of certain clinical milestones and compliance with a liquidity requirement which requires the Company
to have sufficient cash on hand to funds its operations for at least nine months (the Liquidity Requirement ). The third
tranche of term loans of up to will be available from April 1, 2024, through June 30, 2024, so long as certain of the milestones
for the second tranche of term loans were achieved, no events of default under the Loan Agreement have occurred and are continuing, and
the Liquidity Requirement is satisfied. The fourth tranche of term loans of up to shall be available at any time from September
14, 2022, until September 14, 2026, subject to the Lender s review of the Company s clinical and financial plans and Lender s
investment committee approval. 

Pursuant
to the Second Amendment, the Lenders have the ability to convert into common shares, by which of the term loans shall be
convertible into shares of common stock at a conversion price of per share and of the term loans shall be convertible
into shares of common stock at a conversion price of per share K2HV conversion feature ). 

In
connection with the Loan Agreement, on May 22, 2020, the Company issued the Lenders a warrant to purchase up to common shares
(the Original K2HV Warrant at an exercise price of per share. On May 17, 2021, in connection with the First Amendment,
the Company amended and restated the Original K2HV Warrant to purchase an additional common shares for a total of common
shares (the First Amendment Warrant with the same exercise price of per share. On September 14, 2022, in connection
with the Second Amendment and the advance of the first tranche of term loans of by the Lenders, the Company issued the Lenders
a warrant to purchase an additional common shares (the Second Amendment Warrant with a warrant exercise price
of per share. If the full remaining available in the K2HV tranches is advanced pursuant to the Second Amendment, up to
an additional common shares will be issuable pursuant to the Second Amendment Warrant. The First Amendment Warrant and the
Second Amendment Warrant may be exercised either for cash or on a cashless net exercise basis. The First Amendment Warrant
expires on May 22, 2030 and the Second Amendment Warrant expires on September 14, 2032. 

The
Company is required to make a final payment equal to of the aggregate term loan principal on the maturity date of the term loan,
or upon earlier prepayment of the term loans in accordance with the Second Amendment (the Second Amendment Final Payment ).
The final payment related to the refinanced in term loans that were outstanding under the Loan Agreement as amended by the First
Amendment of remains and is due the earlier of June 1, 2024 or the earlier prepayment of the term loans in accordance with the
Second Amendment (the Original Final Payment ). 

Upon
receipt of additional funds, issuable pursuant to the second, third and fourth tranches, under the Second Amendment, additional common
shares will be issuable pursuant to the Second Amendment Warrant as determined by the principal amount of the second tranche, third tranche
and fourth tranche actually funded multiplied by 3.5 and divided by the warrant exercise price of , and the Second Amendment
Final Payment will increase by of the funds advanced. 

The
Company accounted for the Second Amendment as a debt extinguishment and resulted in an extinguishment loss of , which is included
in interest expense, net of interest income in the consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive loss. The term loans under
the Loan Agreement as amended by the First Amendment were derecognized and the term loan under the Loan Agreement as amended by the Second
Amendment was recorded at fair value of , which resulted in a total debt discount of . Fees paid to the Lender, including
the fair value of the Second Amendment Warrant of and the facility fee of , were included in the calculation of extinguishment
loss. Fees paid to third parties were de minimums and expensed as incurred in general and administrative in the consolidated statement
of operations and comprehensive loss. 

The
total principal amount of the loan under the Loan Agreement as amended by the Second Amendment, outstanding at December 31, 2022, including
the Original Final Payment of and the Second Amendment Final Payment of in connection with the Second Amendment, is .
The principal amount of the loan made under the Loan Agreement as amended by the Second Amendment accrues interest at an annual rate
equal to the greater of (a) or (b) prime rate plus . The interest rate as of December 31, 2022 was . The Company is
required to pay only interest until September 14, 2026. The effective interest rate on the loan of , excluding the Original Final
Payment and Second Amendment Final Payment, is . 

Upon
the occurrence of an Event of Default, and during the continuance of an Event of Default, the applicable rate of interest, described
above, will be increased by per annum. The secured term loan maturity date is , or if the milestone for the Restatement
Third Tranche Term Loan (as defined in the Second Amendment) has been achieved, September 14, 2027, and the Loan Agreement as amended
by the Second Amendment includes both financial and non-financial covenants. The Company was in compliance with these covenants as of
December 31, 2022. 

The
obligations under the Loan Agreement as amended by the Second Amendment are secured on a senior basis by a lien on substantially all
of the assets of the Company and its subsidiaries other than intellectual property. The subsidiaries of the Company, other than VBI Cda,
SciVac HK, and VBI BV, are guarantors of the obligations of the Company and VBI Cda under the Loan Agreement. The Loan Agreement also
contains customary events of default. 

The
total initial debt discount related to the Second Amendment is , as of December 31, 2022 the unamortized debt discount was .
The total initial debt discount related to First Amendment was (subsequent to adjustments made as a result of the implementation
of ASU-2020-06), as of December 31, 2021 the unamortized debt discount was . 

The
debt discount is being charged to interest expense, net of interest income in the consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive
loss using the effective interest method over the term of the debt. 

Amortization of debt discount 

Extinguishment loss 
 
 - 
 
 Interest income 

Total interest expense,
 net of interest income 

2025 
 - 
 
 2026 

Total 

of the
employee s salary to a retirement benefit, which contribution is based on a match of participating employee contributions.
Prior to May 1, 2021, for VBI DE and VBI Cda employees the respective companies contributed up to of the employee s salary
to a retirement benefit, which contribution was based on a match of participating employee contributions. The total expense recognized
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 

For
qualifying employees in Israel, under Israeli law, the assets of the plan are held separately from those of the Company, in funds under
the control of trustees. The total expense recognized for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively,
and represents contributions payable to these plans by the Company at rates specified in the rules of the plan. 

Liability
for Severance Pay 

Israel s
labor laws and the Law severance pay, 1963 (the Law ), require the Company to pay severance pay to employees
during dismissal, disability and retirement. Legal retirement age under Israeli labor laws is currently 64 for women and 67 for men.
Thus, under the plan, an employee who was employed by the Company for at least one year (and in the circumstances defined by the law)
and was involuntarily terminated by the Company after the said period is entitled to severance pay. The rate of compensation listed in
the Law is the employee s final monthly salary for each year of employment. 

Under
the program, the Company is obligated to deposit amounts at the rate fixed by Law (since January 1, 2008), to ensure the accrual of such
a severance pay due to the employee as described above. The rate required by law is of the employee s salary, which is deposited
in a pension fund/insurance severance fund. 

Severance
payments pursuant to the aforementioned statutory or contractual obligations, included in the consolidated statement of operations and
comprehensive loss for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 

common shares upon exercise of stock options at
 an average exercise price of for gross proceeds of . 

2021
common shares issuances were as follows: 

i. 
 On
 February 3, 2021, the Company issued common shares upon conversion of long-term debt; 

ii. 
 On
 June 9, 2021, the Company issued commons shares upon cashless exercise of warrants; 

iii. 
 During
 the year ended December 31, 2021, as part of the ATM Program, the Company issued common shares for total gross proceeds
 of at an average price of . The Company incurred of share issuance costs; 

iv. 
 During
 the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued common shares upon exercise of National Warrants at an exercise price
 of for gross proceeds of ; 

vi. 
 During
 the fourth quarter of the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued common shares upon exercise of stock options 
 for gross proceeds of . 

Stock
Option Plans 

The
Company s stock option plans are approved by and administered by the Board and its Compensation Committee. The Board designates,
in connection with recommendations from the Compensation Committee, eligible participants to be included under the plan, and designates
the number of options, exercise price and vesting period of the new options. 

2006
VBI US Stock Option Plan 

The
2006 VBI US Stock Option Plan (the 2006 Plan ), was approved by and was previously administered by the VBI US board of directors
which designated eligible participants to be included under the 2006 Plan, and designated the number of options, exercise price and vesting
period of the new options. The 2006 Plan was not approved by the stockholders of VBI US. The 2006 Plan was superseded by the 2014 Plan
(as defined below) following the PLCC Merger and no further options will be issued under the 2006 Plan. As of December 31, 2022, there
were options outstanding under the 2006 Plan. 

2014
Equity Incentive Plan 

On
May 1, 2014, the VBI DE board of directors adopted the VBI Vaccines Inc. 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2014 Plan ). The
2014 Plan was approved by the VBI DE s shareholders on July 14, 2014. No further options will be issued under the 2014 Plan. As
of December 31, 2022, there were options outstanding under the 2014 Plan. 

2016
VBI Equity Incentive Plan 

The
2016 Plan, as amended, is a rolling incentive plan that sets the number of common shares issuable under the 2016 Plan, together with
any other security-based compensation arrangement of the Company, at a maximum of of the aggregate common shares issued and outstanding
on a non-diluted basis at the time of any grant under the 2016 Plan. The 2016 Plan is an omnibus equity incentive plan pursuant to which
the Company may grant equity and equity-linked awards to eligible participants in order to promote the success of the Company by providing
a means to offer incentives and to attract, motivate, retain and reward persons eligible to participate in the 2016 Plan. Grants under
the 2016 Plan include a grant or right consisting of one or more options, stock appreciation rights SARs ), restricted
share units RSUs ), performance share units PSUs ), shares of restricted stock or other such award as may
be permitted under the 2016 Plan. As of December 31, 2022, there were options outstanding and RSUs unvested under the
2016 Plan. 

The
principal features of the 2016 Plan are as follows: 

Eligible
Participants 

Eligible
participants include individuals employed (including services as a director) by the Company or its affiliates, including a service provider,
who, by the nature of his or her position or job is, in the opinion of the Board, in a position to contribute to the success of the Company Eligible Persons ). 

Reservation
of Shares 

The
aggregate number of common shares reserved for issuance to any one participant under the 2016 Plan, together with all other security-based
compensation arrangements must not exceed of the total number of issued and outstanding common shares on a non-diluted basis. 

The
maximum number of common shares (a) issued to insiders within any one-year period; and (b) issuable to insiders at any time, under the
2016 Plan, when combined with all of the Company s other security-based compensation arrangements, must not exceed of the total
number of issued and outstanding common shares. 

The
aggregate number of common shares remaining available for issuance for awards under the 2016 Plan totaled at December 31, 2022. 

The
source of common shares issued under the various stock option plans are new common shares. 

Options
and Stock Appreciation Rights 

The
Company may grant options to Eligible Persons on such terms and conditions consistent with the 2016 Plan. The exercise price for an option
must not be less than 100 of the market price, as that term is defined in the 2016 Plan, based on the trading price per
common share, on the date of grant of such option. 

With
respect to SARs attached to an option, which allows the holder, upon vesting of the option and Tandem SAR, to choose to exercise the
stock appreciation right or to exercise the option, the exercise price is the exercise price applicable to the option (as explained above)
to which the Tandem SAR relates, subject to adjustment provisions under the 2016 Plan. For stand-alone SARs, a SAR that is granted without
reference to any related Company options, the base price must not be less than 100 of the market price on the date of grant of such
Stand-Alone SAR. Stock appreciation rights (and in the case of Tandem SARs, the related options) will be settled by payment in cash or
common shares or a combination thereof, with an aggregate value equal to the product of (a) the excess of the market price on the date
of exercise over the exercise price or base price under the applicable stock appreciation right, multiplied by (b) the number of stock
appreciation rights exercised or settled. The Company has not issued any SARs under the 2016 Plan at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Under
the 2016 Plan unless otherwise designated by the Board of Directors, of the options will vest on each of the first four anniversaries
of the grant date. The term of options will be for a maximum of years, unless exercised or terminated earlier in accordance with the
terms of the 2016 VBI Plan or the applicable grant agreement. 

Upon
a participant s termination of employment due to death, or in the case of disability: (a) the outstanding options that were granted
prior to the year that includes the participant s death or disability that have not become vested prior to such date will continue
to vest and, upon vesting, be exercisable during the 36-month period following such date; and (b) the outstanding options that have become
vested prior to the participant s death or disability will continue to be exercisable during the 36-month period following such
date. 

In
the case of a participant s termination of employment or contract for services without cause: (a) the outstanding options that
have not become vested prior to the participant s termination will continue to vest and, upon vesting, be exercisable during the
120-day period following such date; and (b) the outstanding options that have become vested prior to the participant s termination
will continue to be exercisable during the 120-day period following such date. 

In
the case of a participant s termination due to resignation (including voluntary withdrawal of services by a non-employee participant):
(a) the outstanding options that have not become vested prior to the date of notice of resignation will be forfeited and cancelled as
of such date; and (b) the outstanding options that have become vested prior to the date of notice of resignation will continue to be
exercisable during the 90-day period following such date. 

In
the case of a participant s termination of employment or contract for services for cause, any and all then outstanding unvested
options granted to such participant will be immediately forfeited and cancelled, without any consideration therefor, as of the date such
notice of termination is given. 

Share
Units 

The
Board of Directors may grant share units, which include RSUs and PSUs, to Eligible Persons on such terms and conditions consistent with
the 2016 Plan. 

The
Board will determine the grant value and the valuation date for each grant of share units. The number of share units to be covered by
each grant will be determined by dividing the grant value for such grant by the market value of a common share as of the valuation date,
rounded up to the next whole number. 

Share
units subject to a grant will vest as specified in the grant agreement governing such grant, provided that the participant is employed
on the relevant vesting date. RSUs and PSUs will be settled upon, or as soon as reasonably practicable following the vesting thereof,
subject to the terms of the grant agreement. In all events, RSUs and PSUs will be settled on or before the earlier of the 90 th 
day following the vesting date and the date that is 2 months after the end of the year in which the vesting occurred. Settlement
will be made by way of issuance of one common share for each RSU or PSU, a cash payment equal to the market value of the RSUs or PSUs
being settled, or a combination thereof. If the share units would be settled within a blackout period, such settlement will be postponed
until the earlier of the 6 th trading day following the end of such blackout period and the otherwise applicable date of settlement
as determined in accordance with the settlement provision set out above. The Company has not issued any PSUs under this plan at December
31, 2022 and 2021. All RSUs issued under the 2016 Plan at December 31, 2022 and 2021 contain no cash settlement provision. 

If
and when cash dividends are paid with respect to common shares to shareholders of record during the period from the grant date to the
date of settlement of the RSUs or PSUs, a number of dividend equivalent RSUs or PSUs, as applicable, will be credited to the share unit
account of such participant. 

In
the event a participant s employment is terminated due to resignation, share units that have not vested prior to the date of resignation
will not vest and all such common shares will be forfeited immediately. 

In
the case of a participant s termination due to death, or in the case of disability, all share units granted prior to the year that
includes the participant s death or disability, that have not vested prior to the participant s death or disability will
vest at the end of the vesting period and in the case of PSUs, subject to the achievement of applicable performance conditions and the
adjustment of the number of PSUs that vest to reflect the extent to which such performance conditions were achieved. 

In
the event a participant s employment or contract for services is terminated without cause, prior to the end of a vesting period
relating to such participant s grant, the number of RSUs or PSUs, respectively, as determined by their respective formula set out
in the 2016 Plan will become vested at the end of the vesting period. 

In
the event a participant s employment is terminated for cause, share units that have not vested prior to the date of the termination
for cause will not vest and all such share units will be forfeited immediately. 

Restricted
Stock 

Restricted
stock means common shares that are subject to restrictions on such participant s free enjoyment of the common shares granted, as
determined by the Board. Notwithstanding the restrictions, the participant will receive dividends paid on the restricted stock, will
receive proceeds of the restricted stock in the event of any change in the common shares and will be entitled to vote the restricted
stock during the restriction period. 

The
participant will not have rights to sell, transfer or assign, or otherwise dispose of the shares of restricted stock or any interest
therein while the restrictions remain in effect. Grants of restricted stock will be forfeited if the applicable restriction does not
lapse prior to such date or occurrence of such event or the satisfaction of such other criteria as is specified in the grant agreement. 

No
restricted stock has been issued through December 31, 2022. 

Stock-Based
Compensation Expense 

2014 Plan 

2016 Plan 

Total 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited 

Balance outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited 

Balance outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Exercisable at December 31, 2022 

+ 

The
weighted average remaining contractual life of exercisable options was years and years at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Vested 

Forfeited 

Unvested shares outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Vested 

Forfeited 

Unvested shares outstanding at December 31, 2022 

The
intrinsic value of outstanding options at December 31, 2022 was (the intrinsic value of vested options was and the intrinsic value
of those expected to vest was ). The fair value of the vested RSU s was for the year ended December 31, 2022. There were
 options exercised for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the intrinsic value of exercised options was for the year ended December
31, 2022. There were options exercised for the year ended December 31, 2021 and the intrinsic value of exercised options was 
for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Risk free interest rate 

Expected term in years 

Expected dividend yield 

Weighted average fair value per option 

The
volatility was based on the Company s recent historic volatility since May 6, 2016. 

The
risk-free rate was based on rates provided by the United States Treasury with a term equal to the expected life of the option. 

The
Company does not have sufficient historical exercise data to provide a reasonable basis upon which to estimate expected term due to the
limited period of time its equity shares have been publicly traded. As a result, the Company uses the simplified method to determine
the expected term of stock options whereby the expected term equals the average between the vesting period and the contractual life. 

The
fair value of the options is recognized as an expense on a straight-line basis over the vesting period, forfeitures are accounted for
when they occur. 

General and administration 

Cost of revenue 

Total stock-based compensation
 expense 

There
is of unrecognized compensation from all equity awards as of December 31, 2022. This expense will be recognized over a weighted
average period of years. 

Warrants 

In
April 2020, the Company engaged National to provide financial advisory services in connection with the April 2020 underwritten public
offering, discussed above. As consideration for such services, the Company issued to National or its designees warrants to purchase up
to an aggregate of common shares, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the form of warrant agreement. The National
Warrants are exercisable immediately upon issuance and terminate following issuance and have an exercise price of per
share. 

On
May 22, 2020, in connection with the Loan Agreement, as described in Note 10, the Company issued a warrant to purchase up to an aggregate
of common shares (the Original K2HV Warrant ). The Original K2HV Warrant expires on and has an exercise
price of per share. 

During
the fourth quarter of the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued common shares upon exercise of National Warrants at
an exercise price of for gross proceeds of . 

On
May 17, 2021, in connection with the First Amendment, as described in Note 10, the Company amended and restated the Original K2HV Warrant
to purchase an additional common shares for a total of common shares (the First Amendment Warrant with
the same Warrant Price of . The Frist Amendment Warrant expires on . 

On
June 9, 2021, the Company issued common shares upon exercise of warrants on a cashless net exercise basis. 

On
September 14, 2022, in connection with the Second Amendment, as described in Note 10, the Company issued a warrant to purchase an additional
 common shares (the Second Amendment Warrant with a warrant exercise price of per share. The Second Amendment
Warrant expires on . 

Risk free interest rate 

Expected term in years 

Expected dividend yield 

Fair value per warrant 

Issued 

Exercised 

Balance outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Issued 

Balance outstanding at December 31, 2022 

R D Service revenue 

Total 

Cost
of revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 for product revenue and R D services revenue is and , respectively. Cost
of revenues for the year ended December 31, 2021 for product revenue and R D services revenue is and , respectively. 

- 

R D Service revenue 

Total 

Recognition of deferred revenue 
 - 
 
 Currency translation 
 - 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2021 

Recognition of deferred revenue 

Currency translation 

Balance at December
 31, 2022 

Short Term 

Long Term 

Collaboration
and License Agreement Brii Bio 

On
December 4, 2018, the Company entered into a Collaboration and License Agreement with Brii Biosciences Limited Brii Bio (the License Agreement ), amended on April 8, 2021, whereby: 

the
 Company and Brii Bio agreed to collaborate on the development of a HBV recombinant protein-based immunotherapeutic in the licensed
 territory, which consists of China, Hong Kong, Taiwan and Macau (collectively, the Licensed Territory ), and to conduct
 a Phase II collaboration clinical trial for the purpose of comparing VBI-2601, which is a recombinant protein-based immunotherapeutic
 developed by VBI for use in treating chronic HBV, with a novel composition developed jointly with Brii Bio (either being the Licensed
 Product 

the
 Company granted Brii Bio an exclusive royalty-bearing license to perform studies, and regulatory and other activities, as may be
 required to obtain and maintain marketing approval of the Licensed Product, for the treatment of HBV in the Licensed Territory and
 to commercialize and the Licensed Product for the diagnosis and treatment of chronic HBV in the Licensed Territory; 

Brii
 Bio granted the Company an exclusive royalty-free license under Brii Bio s technology and Brii Bio s interest in any
 joint technology developed during the collaboration to develop and commercialize the Licensed Product for the diagnosis and treatment
 of chronic HBV in the countries of the world other than the Licensed Territory. 

On
December 20, 2021, the Company and Brii Bio amended the License Agreement (the Brii Second Amendment whereby: 

the
 Company and Brii Bio agreed to conduct an additional Phase II combination clinical trial of VBI-2601, both with and without
 IFN- , and BRII-835 (VIR-2218) Combo Clinical Trial and 

Brii
 Bio granted the Company a non-exclusive royalty free license under the Brii Bio technology arising from the data generated in the
 Combo Clinical Trial solely for use in the development, manufacture or commercialization of the Licensed Product in combination with
 an siRNA in the countries of the world other than the Licensed Territory. 

Pursuant
to the License Agreement, as amended, the Company is responsible for the R D Services and Brii Bio is responsible for costs relating
to the clinical trials for the Licensed Territory. 

The
Company and Brii Bio will jointly own all right, title and interest in the joint know-how development and the patents claiming joint
inventions made pursuant to the Second Amendment License Agreement. 

The
initial consideration of the License Agreement consisted of an non-refundable upfront payment. As part of the License Agreement,
the Company and Brii Bio entered into a stock purchase agreement. Under the terms of the stock purchase agreement, the Company issued
to Brii Bio shares of its common stock valued at (based on the Company s common stock price on December 4, 2018).
The remaining , deemed to be the initial transaction price, was allocated to two performance obligations: i) the VBI-2601 license and ii) R D services. The R D services were allocated of the transaction price using an estimated selling price
based on an expected cost plus a margin approach and the remaining transaction price of was allocated to the VBI-2601
license using the residual method. 

There
was no additional consideration contemplated in the Brii Second Amendment. 

In
addition, the Company is also eligible to receive an additional in potential regulatory and sales milestone payments, along
with royalties on commercial sales in the Licensed Territory. Milestone payments that are not within the control of the Company or the
licensee, such as regulatory approvals, are not considered probable of being achieved until those approvals are received. Therefore,
no variable consideration was included in the initial transaction price and no such amounts have been recognized to date. 

On
December 4, 2018, the Company recognized the VBI-2601 license when it was granted as it was determined to be distinct and
Brii Bio was able to use and benefit from the license. The R D Services will be satisfied over time as services are rendered using
the cost-to-cost input method as this method represents the most accurate depiction of the transfer of services based on
the types of costs expected to be incurred. As of December 31, 2022, R D services related to Brii Bio that remain unsatisfied are
 , out of the total deferred revenue. 

Upon
termination of the License Agreement prior to the end of the term, there is no obligation for refund and any amounts in deferred revenue
related to unsatisfied performance obligations will be immediately recognized. 

and , respectively. 

National
Research Council of Canada NRC 

On
March 31, 2020, the Company announced a collaboration with the NRC, Canada s largest federal research and development organization,
to develop a pan-coronavirus vaccine candidate, targeting COVID-19, SARS, and MERS. The NRC and the Company are collaborating to evaluate
and select promising coronavirus vaccine candidates. The collaboration combines the Company s viral vaccine expertise, eVLP technology
platform, and modified coronavirus antigens with the NRC s proprietary SARS-CoV-2 antigens and assay development capabilities to
select the most immunogenic vaccine candidate for further development. 

On
December 21, 2020, the Company signed an amendment to the collaboration agreement with the NRC to broaden the scope of collaboration
to include certain pre-clinical evaluations, bioprocess optimization, technology transfer, and the performance of additional scale up
work. 

On
July 8, 2021, the Company signed a second amendment to the collaboration agreement with the NRC to broaden the scope of the collaboration
to include developing a vaccine against the Beta variant of SARS-CoV-2. 

On
August 27, 2021, the Company signed a third amendment to the collaboration agreement with the NRC further broaden the scope to include
certain stable cell line work for our vaccine candidate against the Beta variant of SARS-CoV-2. 

On
November 15, 2021, we signed a fourth amendment to the collaboration agreement with the NRC to further broaden the scope to include additional
animal studies and PRNT analysis for our vaccine candidate against the Beta variant of SARS-CoV-2. 

On
February 8, 2022, we signed a fifth amendment to the collaboration agreement with the NRC to further broaden the scope to include additional
assays of new variants against SARS-CoV-2. 

On
April 28, 2022, we signed a sixth amendment to the collaboration agreement with the NRC to further broaden the scope to include generation
and testing of stable pools of cells expressing SARS-CoV-2 spike protein. 

On February 28, 2023, we signed a seventh amendment
to the collaboration agreement with the NRC to extend the expiration date of the collaboration agreement to December 31, 2023. 

This
relationship is considered a collaborative relationship and not a customer relationship and is therefore accounted for outside the scope
of ASC Topic 606. Costs associated with the collaboration will be expensed as incurred in Research and Development expenses; costs for
the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 are and , respectively. 

CEPI 

. 

On
December 6, 2022, we and CEPI entered into an amendment to the CEPI Funding Agreement (the CEPI Amendment to expand
the scope of the CEPI Funding Agreement. The CEPI Amendment, among others, (i) expands the definition of Project
Vaccine to include additional multivalent vaccine constructs within the VBI-2900 program, (ii) removes certain pricing
restrictions previously allocated to high-income countries in the CEPI Funding Agreement, (iii) updates the proposed volume
commitment percentage contributions by us to CEPI for a Project Vaccine, and (iv) adds certain commercial benefits and related
adjustments for CEPI following the pandemic period, including royalties paid to CEPI, in the event that CEPI provides funding for
Phase III clinical studies of the Project Vaccine. 

This
relationship is considered a collaborative relationship and not a customer relationship and is therefore accounted for outside the scope
of ASC Topic 606. 

Costs
associated with the CEPI Funding Agreement are expensed as incurred in Research and Development expenses and overhead charges are
included in General and Administrative. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized 
and , respectively, such expenses, for the year ended December 31, 2022 were reduced by the same amount. During the
year ended December 31, 2022, the Company received 
from CEPI and as of December 31, 2022, the Company had 
recorded as deferred funding, recorded in other current liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet. 

Brii
Biosciences Limited 

On
December 4, 2018, the Company entered into a License Agreement with Brii Bio, as described in Note 13. 

As
described in Note 13, the Company and Brii Bio entered into the Brii Second Amendment on December 20, 2021. The Combo Clinical Trial
collaboration is considered a collaborative relationship and not a customer relationship and is therefore accounted for outside the scope
of ASC Topic 606. Costs associated with the Combo Clinical Trial collaboration will be expensed as incurred in Research and Development
expenses; costs for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were and , respectively. 

Agenus
Inc. 

On
October 12, 2022, the Company entered into a Clinical Collaboration Agreement Agenus Collaboration Agreement pursuant
to which the Company will evaluate VBI-1901 in combination anti-PD-1 balstilimab in a Phase II study as part of the INSIGhT adaptive
platform trial in patients first diagnosed with GBM. 

This
relationship is considered a collaborative relationship and not a customer relationship and is therefore accounted for outside the scope
of ASC Topic 606. Costs associated with the INSIGhT adaptive platform trial will be expensed as incurred in Research and Development
expenses; costs for the year ended December 31, 2022 is . 

for the transfer and scale-up of the technical production process for our prophylactic coronavirus vaccine program. 

Costs
associated with the contribution agreement are expensed as incurred in Research and Development expenses. For the year ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized and , respectively, as a reduction in expenses. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the
Company had and , respectively, recorded as deferred government grants, recorded in other current liabilities on the consolidated
balance sheet. 

Strategic
Innovation Fund SIF 

On September 16, 2020, we signed the Contribution
Agreement (as amended, the Contribution Agreement with Her Majesty the Queen in Right of Canada, as represented by the
Minister of Industry (the Minister ), whereby the Minister agreed to contribute an amount not exceeding the lesser of We initially agreed to complete such project, to be conducted exclusively in
Canada except as permitted otherwise under certain circumstances, in or before the first quarter of 2022 Project Completion Date ).
 On March 28, 2022, we and the Minister signed an amendment to the Contribution Agreement, the main
purpose of which was to extend the collaboration and move the Project Completion Date from March 31, 2022 to December 31, 2023.
 In consideration of such contribution, we agreed to guarantee the complete performance and fulfillment
of VBI Cda s obligations under the Contribution Agreement. In the event VBI Cda fails to perform or otherwise satisfy any of its
obligations related to the Contribution Agreement, we will become a primary obligor under the Contribution Agreement. 

Costs associated with the Contribution Agreement are expensed as incurred in Research and Development expenses and
overhead charges are included in General and Administrative. For
the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized and , respectively, as a reduction in expenses. As of
December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had and , respectively, recorded as deferred government grants, recorded in other current
liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet. 

- 
 
 United States 

Canada 

Israel 

Total 

Canadian statutory tax rate 

Expected benefit of income tax 

Research and development tax credits 
 
 - 
 
 Change in tax rate 
 
 - 
 
 Change in valuation allowance 

Difference between Canadian and foreign tax
 rates 

Stock based compensation 

Foreign exchange translation 

Permanent statutory to GAAP difference 

Other 

Income tax expense 
 - 
 - 

For
2022 the Canadian statutory income tax rate of approximately 
is comprised of federal income tax at approximately 
and provincial income tax at approximately .
The Israel statutory income rate is approximately . The United States statutory income tax rate is approximately based on current year apportionment. 

Research and development tax credits 

Property and equipment 

Reserves and other 

Intangible assets 

Allowable capital losses 

Debt obligations 

Deferred financing costs 

Net deferred tax assets 

Less: valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax assets
 (liabilities) 
 - 
 - 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had United States federal net operating loss carryovers NOLs of approximately
 and , respectively, including related to the acquisition of VBI DE, available to offset taxable income which expire
beginning in 2026. The NOLs may be limited pursuant to Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code and similar state statutes due to the
acquisition of VBI DE in 2016 and other equity transactions through December 31, 2022. Generally, NOL utilization is limited if a corporation
has a more than change in ownership over a three-year period. The Company plans on undertaking a detailed analysis of any historical
and/or current Section 382 ownership changes that may limit the utilization of the net operating loss carryovers. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company also had Canadian net operating loss carryovers of approximately and , respectively,
available to offset future taxable income which . 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had and respectively, of investment tax credits available to carry forward and
reduce future years Canadian income taxes which . 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had unclaimed research and development expenses in Canada of approximately and ,
respectively, which are available to offset future taxable income indefinitely. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had and , respectively, of allowable capital losses in Canada, which can be carried
forward indefinitely, however can only be used against taxable capital gains. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company also had Israel net operating loss carryovers of approximately and , respectively,
which can be carried forward indefinitely. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had NOLs aggregating approximately . The NOLs are available to reduce taxable income of future
years and expire as follows: 

- 

2026 
 - 

- 

2027 
 - 

- 

2028 
 - 

- 

2029 
 - 

- 

2030 
 - 

- 

2031 
 - 

- 

2032 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

2033 
 - 

- 

2034 
 - 

- 

2035 
 - 

- 

2036 
 - 

- 

2037 
 - 

- 

2038 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

2039 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

2040 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

2041 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

2042 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

No expiration 

- 

Total losses 

(approximately and referred to as the Transfer Payment to the Sellers during the second quarter of 2015. The Transfer Payment related to the achievement
 of the first milestone, which occurred during the three months ended June 30, 2015. 

The
 Company is committed to make further contingent payments pursuant to defined milestones in
 the SPA depending on whether there continue to exist any issued and valid claims on the acquired
 patents. Contingent payments include: 

Upon
 first approval in the United States or the European Union: to ; 

Upon
 commercialization when cumulative net sales equals or exceeds: 

:
 to ; and, 

:
 to ; 

Upon
 commercialization by one or more sublicenses when cumulative net sales equals or exceeds: 

:
 to ; 

:
 to ; 

:
 to ; 

:
 to , 

VBI
 will be obligated to pay to the Sellers the balance still owing on the total when either cumulative net sales of 
 by VBI or by VBI and its sublicenses is achieved. 

The
Company is further committed to pay all costs of protecting the patents and make contingent payments to the licensor of the acquired
patents pursuant to defined milestones in an amendment to the related license agreement which include: royalty fees ranging between 
and depending on the level of net sales; and, lump sum payments ranging from to depending on the stage of
clinical development and ultimately commercial approval. Additionally, to of any sublicensing fees depending on stage of clinical
development are also payable to the licensor. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2016, VBI Cda paid , in milestone payments related to CMV Phase I clinical trial approval and start.
During the year ended December 31, 2017 and 2018, VBI Cda paid and , respectively, in milestone payments related to
the GBM Phase I/IIa clinical trial approval and start. During the year ended December 31, 2021, VBI Cda paid , in milestone
payments related to our prophylactic coronavirus vaccine program approval and start, respectively. No payments were made in 2022. 

Ferring
and SciGen License Agreements 

 to three and a half percent in consideration for the grant of the license to utilize genetically engineered CHO cells encoding the hepatitis B antigen and
certain information related to the manufacture of hepatitis B vaccines (collectively, the Technology . In
connection with the Amended and Restated Ferring License Agreement, the Company has also agreed to act as the guarantor for
SciVac s obligations under the Amended and Restated Ferring License Agreement, or if the Amended and Restated Ferring License
Agreement is assigned to a third party, guarantor for SciVac s obligations that have accrued up until the date of such
assignment. Under an Assignment Agreement between FDS Pharm LLP and SciGen Ltd., dated February 14, 2012 (the SciGen
Assignment Agreement ), we are required to pay royalties to SciGen Ltd. equal to 
of net sales (as defined in the original Ferring License Agreement) of Product. .
Royalties under the Amended and Restated Ferring License Agreement and SciGen Assignment Agreement will continue to be payable for
the duration of the extended license periods . 

Royalty
payments under the Amended and Restated Ferring License Agreement or the original Ferring License Agreement of 
and 
were recorded in cost of revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Royalty
payments under the SciGen Assignment Agreement of and were recorded in cost of revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022
and 2021, respectively. 

In
addition, the Company is committed to pay 
of any and all non-royalty consideration, in any form, received by Company from sub-licensees (other than consideration based on net
sales for which a royalty is due under the Amended and Restated Ferring License Agreement), provided that the payment of 30 shall
not apply to a grant of rights in or relating to: (i) the Original Territory (as defined in the original Ferring License Agreement); or (ii) the Berna Territory (as defined therein). 

Legal
Proceedings 

From
time to time, the Company may be involved in certain claims and litigation arising out of the ordinary course and conduct of business.
Management assesses such claims and, if it considers that it is probable that an asset had been impaired or a liability had been incurred
and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated, provisions for loss are made based on management s assessment of the most likely
outcome. 

On
September 13, 2018, two civil claims were brought in the District Court of the central district in Israel naming our subsidiary SciVac
as a defendant. In one claim, two minors, through their parents, allege, among other things: defects in certain batches of Sci-B-Vac
discovered in July 2015; that Sci-B-Vac was approved for use in children and infants in Israel without sufficient evidence establishing
its safety; that SciVac failed to provide accurate information about Sci-B-Vac to consumers; and that each child suffered side effects
from the vaccine. The claim was filed together with a motion seeking approval of a class action on behalf of children vaccinated
with Sci-B-Vac in Israel from April 2011 and seeking damages in a total amount of NIS ). The second claim is a civil
action brought by two minors and their parents against SciVac and the Israel Ministry of Health alleging, among other things, that SciVac
marketed an experimental, defective, hazardous or harmful vaccine; that Sci-B-Vac was marketed in Israel without sufficient evidence
establishing its safety; and that Sci-B-Vac was produced and marketed in Israel without approval of a western regulatory body. The claim
seeks damages for past and future losses and expenses as well as punitive damages. 

The
District Court has accepted SciVac s motion to suspend reaching a decision on the approval of the class action pending the determination
of liability under the civil action. Preliminary hearings for the trial of the civil action began on January 15, 2020, with subsequent
preliminary hearings held on May 13, 2020, December 3, 2020 and September 30, 2021, June 9, 2022, and January 12, 2023. The next preliminary
hearing is scheduled to be held on July 13, 2023. 

On
December 5, 2022, another tort claim was filed in the District Court of the central district in Israel naming our subsidiary, SciVac,
as a defendant. The claim was filed by a minor and his parents against SciVac, the Ministry of Health of the State of Israel, and Prof.
Arieh Raziel, requesting compensation due to bodily injury of the minor, who was diagnosed as suffering from an Autism Spectrum Disorder ASD ). The plaintiffs allege that the minor s disabilities and the syndrome from which he suffers were caused due
to a combination of several factors, including negligent pregnancy monitoring, negligent labor and delivery procedure, and administration
of the alleged defective vaccine (Sci-B-Vac vaccine). Preliminary hearings will begin on July 3, 2023. 

SciVac
believes these matters to be without merit and intends to defend these claims vigorously. 

. . 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company entered into new lease agreements and recognized a ROU asset of . 

There
are no residual value guarantees, no variable lease payments, and no restrictions or covenants imposed by leases. The discount rate used
in measuring the lease liabilities and right of use assets was determined by reviewing our incremental borrowing rate at the initial
measurement date. 

2021 operating lease costs: 

Other information: 

Weighted average remaining lease term 

Weighted average discount rate 

Operating
lease costs are included in cost of revenues, research and development, and general and administrative expenses in the statement of operation
and comprehensive loss. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Total 

Effect of discounting 

Total lease liability 

Less: current portion 

Long term lease liability 

operating segment. 

- 
 
 Israel 

China/Hong Kong 

Europe 

Total 

There
was revenue attributed to our country of domicile, Canada, for years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company had 4 customers that individually accounted for , , and of revenues. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company had 3 customers that individually accounted for , and of revenues. 

United States 

Canada (country of
 domicile) 

Total 

, repayable over years. The total amount of the car loan lease at December 31, 2022 and 2021, is and , respectively. The
car loan was repaid in full during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

stock options to existing employees and directors pursuant to the 2016
Plan. Options granted to directors vest monthly over 12 months. months . All options granted automatically expire on . 

F- 35 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 

1.1 
 
 Open Market Sale Agreement SM , dated August 26, 2022, by and between VBI Vaccines, Inc. and Jefferies LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (SEC File No. 001-37769), filed with the SEC on November 10, 2022). 

2.1 
 
 Sale and Purchase Agreement, dated as of July 18, 2011, by and between Variation Biotechnologies, Inc., EPixis SA and the Persons Listed on Schedule 1 therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.4 to Amendment No. 1 to the registration statement on Form F-4 (SEC File No. 333-208761), filed with the SEC on February 5, 2016). 

3.1 
 
 Articles (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the registration statement on Form F-4 (SEC File No. 333-208761), filed with the SEC on December 23, 2015). 

3.2 
 
 Notice of Articles (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Amendment No. 1 to the registration statement on Form F-4 (SEC File No. 333-208761), filed with the SEC on February 5, 2016). 

3.3 
 
 Form of Notice of Alteration (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to Amendment No. 1 to the registration statement on Form F-4 (SEC File No. 333-208761) filed with the SEC on February 5, 2016). 

4.1 
 
 Description of Securities (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.7 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K SEC File No. 001-37769), filed with the SEC on March 2, 2021). 

10.1(A)+ 
 
 2016 VBI Vaccines Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K (SEC File No. 001-37769), filed with the SEC on March 20, 2017). 

10.1(B)+ 
 
 2016 VBI Vaccines Equity Incentive Plan, amended and restated (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1B to the Annual Report on Form 10K (SEC File No. 001-37769), filed with the SEC on March 7, 2022). 

10.1(C)+ 
 
 2016 VBI Vaccines Equity Incentive Plan forms of award agreements (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K (SEC File No. 001-37769), filed with the SEC on March 20, 2017). 

10.2+ 
 
 Employment Agreement with Jeff Baxter, dated May 8, 2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to VBI DE s current report on form 8-K (SEC File No. 000-18188), filed with the SEC on July 28, 2014). 

10.3+ 
 
 Employment Agreement with David Anderson, dated May 8, 2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to VBI DE s current report on Form 8-K (SEC File No. 000-18188), filed with the SEC on July 28, 2014). 

10.4 
 
 License Agreement, dated May 31, 2012, by and among University Pierre and Marie Curie, The National Institute of Health and Medical Research Public National Scientific and Technological and Ecole Normale Superieure de Lyon, and Epixis SA (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.45 to Amendment No. 1 to the registration statement on Form F-4 (SEC File No. 333-208761), filed with the SEC on February 5, 2016). 

10.5 
 
 Amendment to License Agreement by and among University Pierre and Marie Curie, The National Institute of Health and Medical Research Public National Scientific and Technological and Ecole Normale Superieure de Lyon, and Epixis SA (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.46 to Amendment No. 1 to the registration statement on Form F-4 (SEC File No. 333-208761), filed with the SEC on February 5, 2016). 

10.6+ 
 
 Consulting Agreement with Francisco Diaz-Mitoma, dated July 1, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.42 to the annual report on Form 10-K (SEC File No. 001-37769), filed with the SEC on March 20, 2017). 

96 

10.7+ 
 
 Form of Executive Employment Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.56 to the annual report on Form 10-K (SEC File No. 001-37769), filed with the SEC on February 26, 2018). 

10.8 
 
 Amendment to Sublease Lease, dated January 21, 2018, by and between Green Power YE and SciVac Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.58 to the annual report on Form 10-K (SEC File No. 001-37769), filed with the SEC on February 26, 2018). 

10.9+ 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated August 14, 2018, by and between VBI Vaccines (Delaware) Inc. and Christopher McNulty (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the current report on Form 8-K (SEC File No. 001-37769) filed with the SEC on August 20, 2018) 

10.10 (1) 
 
 Collaboration and License Agreement, dated December 4, 2018, between VBI Vaccines, Inc. and Brii Biosciences Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.62 to the annual report on Form 10-K (SEC File No. 001-37769), filed with the SEC on February 25, 2019). 

10.11 
 
 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated December 4, 2018, between VBI Vaccines, Inc. and Brii Biosciences Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.63 to the annual report on Form 10-K (SEC File No. 001-37769), filed with the SEC on February 25, 2019). 

10.12 
 
 Amendment to Sublease Lease, dated January 15, 2019, by and between Green Power YE and SciVac Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.64 to the annual report on Form 10-K (SEC File No. 001-37769), filed with the SEC on February 25, 2019). 

10.13 (3) 
 
 Collaborative Research Agreement, dated March 30, 2020, between National Research Council of Canada and Variation Biotechnologies Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K (SEC File No. 001-37769) filed with the SEC on March 7, 2022). 

10.14 (3) 
 
 First Amendment to the Collaborative Research Agreement, dated December 21, 2020, between National Research Council of Canada and Variation Biotechnologies Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K (SEC File No. 001-37769) filed with the SEC on March 7, 2022). 

10.15 (3) 
 
 Second Amendment to the Collaborative Research Agreement, dated July 8, 2021, between National Research Council of Canada and Variation Biotechnologies Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K (SEC File No. 001-37769) filed with the SEC on March 7, 2022). 

10.16 (3) 
 
 Third Amendment to the Collaborative Research Agreement, dated August 27, 2021, between National Research Council of Canada and Variation Biotechnologies Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.24 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K (SEC File No. 001-37769) filed with the SEC on March 7, 2022). 

10.17 (2)(3) 
 
 Fourth Amendment to the Collaborative Research Agreement, signed November 15, 2021, between National Research Council of Canada and Variation Biotechnologies Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.25 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K (SEC File No. 001-37769) filed with the SEC on March 7, 2022). 

10.18 (2)(3) 

Fifth Amendment to the Collaborative Research Agreement, signed February 8, 2022, between National Research Council of Canada and Variation Biotechnologies Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.26 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K (SEC File No. 001-37769) filed with the SEC on March 7, 2022). 

10.19 (2)(3) 
 Sixth Amendment to the Collaborative Research Agreement, signed April 28, 2022, between National Research Council of Canada and Variation Biotechnologies Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (SEC File No. 001-37769) filed with the SEC on May 9, 2022). 

10.20+ 
 
 Amendment to Consulting Agreement with F. Diaz-Mitoma Professional Corporation, effective January 1, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.42 to the annual report on Form 10-K (SEC File No. 001-37769), filed with the SEC on March 5, 2020). 

10.21 
 
 Form of Warrant Agreement issued to National Securities Corporation or its designees (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the annual report on Form 8-K (SEC File No. 001-37769), filed with the SEC on April 27, 2020). 

10.22 (3) 
 
 Loan and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of May 22, 2020, by and among VBI Vaccines Inc., as borrower, Variation Biotechnologies Inc., as borrower representative, each of the guarantors signatory thereto, K2 HealthVentures LLC, as lender and as administrative agent, and Ankura Trust Company, LLC, as collateral trustee for lenders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the current report on Form 8-K (SEC File No. 001-37769), filed with the SEC on May 27, 2020). 

10.23 

Form of Warrant issued to K2 HealthVentures LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the current report on Form 8-K (SEC File No. 001-37769), filed with the SEC on May 27, 2020). 

10.24 
 
 Contribution Agreement, dated September 16, 2020, by and among VBI Vaccines, Inc., Variation Biotechnologies, Inc. and Her Majesty The Queen in Right of Canada as Represented by the Minister of Industry (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (SEC File No. 001-37769), filed with the SEC on November 2, 2020). 

10.25+ 
 
 Amendment to Consulting Agreement with F. Diaz-Mitoma Professional Corporation, effective January 1, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.46 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K (SEC File No. 001-37769), filed with the SEC on March 2, 2021). 

10.26 
 
 Assignment Agreement, dated February 14, 2012, between FDS Pharma LLP and SciGen Ltd (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.48 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K (SEC File No. 001-37769), filed with the SEC on March 2, 2021). 

10.27 
 
 Assignment Agreement, dated October 16, 2012, by and among FDS Pharma LLP, SciGen Ltd., and SciGen (I.L.) Ltd (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.49 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K (SEC File No. 001-37769), filed with the SEC on March 2, 2021). 

10.28 
 
 Amendment to the Assignment Agreement, dated February 14, 2013, by and among SciGen Ltd., SciGen (I.L.) Ltd (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.50 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K (SEC File No. 001-37769), filed with the SEC on March 2, 2021). 

10.29 (3) 
 
 Master Commercial Services Agreement, dated December 19, 2017, between InVentiv Commercial Services, LLC and VBI Vaccines Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.51 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K (SEC File No. 001-37769), filed with the SEC on March 2, 2021). 

10.30 (2)(3) 
 
 Funding Agreement, by and between Variation Biotechnologies Inc., a Canadian federal corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of VBI Vaccines Inc., and the Coalition for Epidemic Preparedness Innovations, dated as of March 9, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.38 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K (SEC File No. 001-37769), filed with the SEC on March 7, 2022). 

10.31 
 
 Amendment to the Collaboration and License Agreement with Brii Bioscience, effective April 8, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (SEC File No. 001-37769), filed with the SEC on May 10, 2021). 

10.32+ 
 
 Amendment to Consulting Agreement with F. Diaz-Mitoma Professional Corporation, effective July 1, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (SEC File No. 001-37769), filed with the SEC on May 10, 2021). 

97 

10.33 
 
 First Amendment to Loan and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of May 17, 2021, by and among VBI Vaccines Inc., as borrower, Variation Biotechnologies Inc., as borrower representative, each of the guarantors signatory thereto, and K2 HealthVentures LLC, as lender and as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (SEC File No. 001-37769), filed with the SEC on May 21, 2021). 

10.34 
 
 Form of Amended and Restated Warrant issued to K2 HealthVentures LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (SEC File No. 001-37769), filed with the SEC on May 21, 2021). 

10.35 
 
 Addendum #3 to sublease agreement signed by Ayalot Investment (Ramat Vered) 1994 Ltd; EMI Car Wash Systems Ltd and SciVac Ltd effective July 11, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (SEC File No. 001-37769), filed with the SEC on August 2, 2021). 

10.36 
 
 Sublease signed by EMI Car Wash Systems Ltd. And SciVac Ltd effective July 11, 2021(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (SEC File No. 001-37769), filed with the SEC on August 2, 2021). 

10.37 
 
 Unprotected Lease Agreement signed by Africa Israel Properties Ltd, Ayalot Investments (Ramat Vered) 1994 Ltd, Sharda Ltd and SciGen (IL) Ltd effective June 16, 2006 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (SEC File No. 001-37769), filed with the SEC on November 8, 2021). 

10.38 
 
 Addendum of Unprotected Lease Agreement dated June 16, 2006 right of use in floor protected space signed by Africa Israel Properties Ltd, Ayalot Investments (Ramat Vered) 1994 Ltd, Sharda Ltd and SciGen (IL) effective October 20, 2006 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (SEC File No. 001-37769), filed with the SEC on November 8, 2021). 

10.39 
 
 Addendum of Unprotected Lease Agreement dated June 16, 2006 signed by Africa Israel Properties Ltd, Ayalot Investments (Ramat Vered) 1994 Ltd, Sharda Ltd and SciGen (IL) Ltd Company No .513679555 effective January 2012 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (SEC File No. 001-37769), filed with the SEC on November 8, 2021). 

10.40 
 
 Addendum of Unprotected Lease Agreement dated June 16, 2006 signed by Africa Israel Properties Ltd, Ayalot Investments (Ramat Vered) 1994 Ltd, Sharda Ltd and SciVac Ltd Company No .513679555 effective February 24, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (SEC File No. 001-37769), filed with the SEC on November 8, 2021). 

10.41 
 
 Addendum of Unprotected Lease Agreement dated June 16, 2006 signed by Africa Israel Properties Ltd, Ayalot Investments (Ramat Vered) 1994 Ltd, Sharda Ltd and SciVac Ltd. Company No 513679555 effective September 5, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (SEC File No. 001-37769), filed with the SEC on November 8, 2021). 

10.42 
 
 Addendum to Lease Agreement for Fixed Term Rented Property dated June 16, 2006 signed by Ayalot Investment (Ramat Vered) 1994 Ltd. Private Company 512022401 and SciVac Ltd. Private Company 513679555 effective September 9, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (SEC File No. 001-37769), filed with the SEC on November 8, 2021). 

10.43 (2)(3) 
 
 Second Amendment to the Collaboration and License Agreement with Brii Bioscience, dated December 20, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.51 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K (SEC File No. 001-37769), filed with the SEC on March 7, 2022). 

10.44+ 

Amendment
 to Consulting Agreement with F. Diaz-Mitoma Professional Corporation, effective January 1, 2022 (incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.52 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K (SEC File No. 001-37769), filed with the SEC on March 7, 2022). 

10.45+ 
 
 Amended to Consulting Agreement with F. Diaz-Mitoma Professional Corporation, effective December 16, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (SEC File No. 001-37769), filed with the SEC on May 9, 2022). 

10.46 (2)(3) 
 
 Amendment to the Contribution Agreement, signed March 28, 2022, by and among VBI Vaccines, Inc., Variation Biotechnologies, Inc. and Her Majesty The Queen in Right of Canada as represented by the Minister of Industry (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (SEC File No. 001-37769), filed with the SEC on May 9, 2022). 

10.47 
 
 Second Amendment to Loan and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of September 14, 2022, by and among VBI Vaccines Inc., as borrower, Variation Biotechnologies Inc., as borrower representative, each of the guarantors signatory thereto, and K2 HealthVentures LLC, as lender and as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (SEC File No. 00137769), filed with the SEC on September 15, 2022). 

98 

10.48 
 
 Warrant, dated September 14, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (SEC File No. 001-37769), filed with the SEC on September 15, 2022). 

10.49 (2)(3) 
 
 Amendment to Funding Agreement, by and between Variation Biotechnologies Inc., a Canadian federal corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of VBI Vaccines Inc., and the Coalition for Epidemic Preparedness Innovations, dated as of December 6, 2022. 

10.50 + 
 
 Amendment to Consulting Agreement with F. Diaz-Mitoma Professional Corporation, effective January 1, 2023 

10.51 (2)(3) 
 
 Amended and Restated License Agreement, dated October 18, 2022, by and among Ferring International Center S.A., SciVac Ltd. and VBI Vaccines Inc. 

10.52 (2)(3) 
 
 Seventh Amendment to the Collaborative Research Agreement, signed February 28, 2023, between National Research Council of Canada and Variation Biotechnologies Inc. 

21.1 
 
 VBI Vaccines Inc. List of Subsidiaries (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21.1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K SEC File No. 001-37769), filed with the SEC on March 2, 2021) 

23.1 
 
 Consent
 of EisnerAmper LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 

24.1 
 
 Powers
 of Attorney (attached to the signature page hereto). 

31.1 
 
 Certification
 of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

31.2 
 
 Certification
 of Chief Financial Officer and Head of Business Development pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange
 Act of 1934. 

32.1 
 
 Certification
 of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 18 U.S.C. Section
 1350. 

32.2 
 
 Certification
 of Chief Financial Officer and Head of Business Development pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) of the Securities Exchange
 Act of 1934 and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Schema Document. 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Calculation Linkbase Document. 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Definition Linkbase Document. 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Labels Linkbase Document. 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Presentation Linkbase Document. 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive
 Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed herewith. 

Furnished herewith. 

+
Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan. 

(1) 
 Certain material has been
 omitted from this document pursuant to a request for confidential treatment. The omitted material has been filed separately with
 the SEC. 

(2) 
 Certain of the schedules
 (and similar attachments) to this Exhibit have been omitted in accordance with Regulation S-K Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K under
 the Securities Act because they do not contain information material to an investment or voting decision and that information is not
 otherwise disclosed in the Exhibit or the disclosure document. The registrant hereby agrees to furnish a copy of all omitted schedules
 (or similar attachments) to the SEC upon its request. 

(3) 
 Portions of this exhibit
 have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(10)(iv) of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act, because they are both (i) not material
 and (ii) the type that the registrant treats as private or confidential. A copy of the omitted portions will be furnished to the
 SEC upon its request. 

99 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Cambridge, Commonwealth of Massachusetts, on this 13 th
 day of March, 2023. 

VBI
 VACCINES INC. 

By: 
 /s/
 Jeffrey Baxter 

Jeffrey
 R. Baxter, President and Chief Executive Officer 

By:
 
 /s/
 Christopher McNulty 

Christopher
 McNulty, Chief Financial Officer and Head of Business Development (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

POWER
OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW
ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Jeffrey Baxter and Christopher
McNulty, and each of them, as his true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for
him and in his name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Form 10-K, and to file the same,
with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the SEC, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents,
and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection
therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming that all said attorneys-in-fact
and agents, or any of them or their or his substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Date:
 March 13, 2023 
 /s/
 Jeffrey Baxter 

Jeffrey
 Baxter, President, Chief Executive Officer and 

Director
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

Date:
 March 13, 2023 
 /s/
 Christopher McNulty 

Christopher
 McNulty, Chief Financial Officer and Head of Business Development and Director (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Date:
 March 13, 2023 
 /s/
 Steven Gillis 

Steven
 Gillis, 

Director 

Date:
 March 13, 2023 
 /s/
 Michel De Wilde 

Michel
 De Wilde 

Director 

Date:
 March 13, 2023 
 /s/
 Blaine McKee 

Blaine
 McKee 

Director 

Date:
 March 13, 2023 
 /s/
 Joanne Cordeiro 

Joanne
 Cordeiro 

Director 

Date:
 March 13, 2023 
 /s/
 Damian Braga 

Damian
 Braga 

Director 

100 

<EX-10.48>
 3
 ex10-48.htm

Exhibit
10.48 

[ ]
Certain information has been excluded pursuant to Regulation S-K, Item 601(b)(10)(iv) from this Document because it is both not material
and is the type that the registrant treats as private or confidential. 

Amendment
Agreement # 1 

 (CEPI
Identification #: [ ]) 

Agreement
Summary 

COUNTERPARTY
 INFORMATION 
 
 Name:
 
 Variation
 Biotechnologies Inc. Awardee 
 
 Mailing
 Address: 
 160
 Second Street, 3 rd Floor , Cambridge, MA 02142 
 
 Nominated
 Contact (optional): 
 Adam
 Buckley 

CEPI
 INFORMATION 
 
 Name: 
 Coalition
 for Epidemic Preparedness Innovations CEPI 
 
 Mailing
 Address: 
 PO
 Box 1030 Hoff, 0218 Oslo, Norway 
 
 Visiting
 Address: 
 Sk yen
 Atrium, Askekroken 11, 0277 Oslo 

AMENDMENT
 AGREEMENT INFORMATION 
 
 Project
 Name: 
 Development
 of SA-Variant Monovalent Multivalent SARS-CoV2 
 Vaccine
 Candidates 
 
 Effective
 Date: 
 Date
 of last signature below 
 
 Original
 Agreement: 
 On
 9 March 2021 the parties entered into a COVID-19 Outbreak Response Agreement regarding the
 development of a safe and effective vaccine 
 against
 SARS-CoV-2, Original Agreement 
 
 Subsequent
 amendments to Original Agreement (if any): 
 n/a 
 
 Reasons
 for Amendment Agreement (optional) 
 Re-scope
 of Project from a SARS2-Beta to a pan-betacoronavirus vaccine candidate and agreed arrangements for Volume Commitment Percentage
 Contribution and Commercial Benefits. 
 
 This
 amendment agreement includes and incorporates by reference: 
 The
 amendment agreement (referred to as the Amendment Agreement means this
 Agreement Summary together with the following, which in the event of conflict shall have
 priority in the order set out below: 
 -
 Agreed Amendments (Annex A) 
 -
 Terms and Conditions of Amendment (Annex B) 
 -
 the Original Agreement (as amended by any subsequent amendments mutually agreed by the parties whether listed above or not) 

THIS
AMENDMENT AGREEMENT is between CEPI and the counterparty listed above and shall enter into full force and effect on the Effective Date
(as defined above) and remain in effect for the duration of the Original Agreement (unless otherwise agreed in this Amendment Agreement.
Each party to this Amendment Agreement may be referred to individually as a Party 
and together as the Parties . 

In
consideration of each Party remaining bound by the duties and obligations set out in the Original Agreement and keeping the benefit of
the rights set out in the Original Agreement (in each case as such duties, obligations and rights may be amended pursuant to this Amendment
Agreement), the Parties have agreed to enter into this Amendment Agreement in order to take into account and/or document certain changes
to their respective circumstances and/or other aspects relevant to the subject matter of the Original Agreement and the Parties 
ongoing relationship. 

Signed
for and on behalf of COALITION FOR EPIDEMIC PREPAREDNESS INNOVATIONS by: 

Signature: 
 /s/ Richard Hatchett 

Name: 
 Richard Hatchett 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

Date: 
 December 6, 2022 

Signed
for and on behalf of Variation Biotechnologies Inc by: 

Signature: 
 /s/ Jeff Baxter 

Name: 
 Jeff Baxter 

Title: 
 CEO 

Date: 
 December 5, 2022 

Annex
A: Agreed Amendments 

Annex
A 

Agreed
Amendments 

The
Parties agree to amend the Original Agreement as follows: 

1.1 
 Agreement
 Summary. 

1.1.1 
 CEPI
 Information. The individual nominated as Project Lead under the CEPI Information section of the Agreement Summary shall be deleted
 and replaced with the following: [TBC] 

1.1.2 
 Annexes.
 The list of annexes incorporated by reference in the Agreement Information section of the Agreement Summary shall be amended
 to include the following: Volume Commitment Percentage Contribution (Annex H); and Commercial benefits (Annex I). 

1.2 
 Modified
 Definitions for Existing Terms. The Definitions for the following terms shall be deleted and replaced with the following in Clause
 1 of the Annex A: Terms and Conditions: 

1.2.1 
 Additional
 COVID-19 Candidate means any of Awardee s vaccine candidates against SARS-CoV-2 containing antigens from only SARS-CoV-2
 or other coronaviruses and not from any other viruses, other than the Project Vaccine or (as defined herein), and excluding 
 (as defined herein), in any form or dosage of pharmaceutical composition or preparation. For clarity, may be selected by CEPI
 for clinical development as a Project Vaccine as described in Clauses 1.40. 

1.2.2 
 Project
 Vaccine means one or more of Awardee s vaccine candidates VBI-2904, VBI-2905, VBI-2906 and VBI-2907 (as described
 in the iPDP) and any other of the Awardee s vaccine candidates expressly identified in the iPDP, or arising directly from the
 performance of the iPDP, in any form or dosage of pharmaceutical composition or preparation (including any variant, bivalent, multivalent
 or combination candidate vaccines of any of the foregoing which are included in the iPDP and Budget from time to time), but excluding
 [ ] unless and until [ ] is selected by CEPI for clinical development and the iPDP is updated accordingly. 

1.2.3 
 Volume
 Commitment Percentage means the relevant percentage of the Awardee s capacity to produce Project Vaccine together
 with Trusted Manufacturer, where the relevant percentage shall be calculated as indicated in Annex H. 

1.3 
 New
 Terms and Definitions : The following terms and definitions shall be added to the Definitions in Clause 1 of the Annex A: Terms
 and Conditions: 

1.3.1 
 Net
 Sales means the gross amount invoiced by Awardee and Awardee s Affiliates to third parties for the sale of any Project
 Vaccine to third parties including distributors (which may include marketing authorization holders) or wholesalers (for the avoidance
 of doubt including any royalties received by Awardee and Awardee s Affiliates with respect to such sales of Project Vaccines),
 less the following items, in each case to the extent related specifically to the Project not otherwise recovered by or reimbursed
 to Awardee or Awardee s Affiliates: 

(i) 
 all
 trade, promotional, quantity, and cash discounts, wholesaler fees and refunds actually allowed; 

Annex
A: Agreed Amendments 

(ii) 
 all
 credits and allowances actually granted due to spoiled, damaged, or outdated goods, rejections, defects, expired dating, returns
 (including wholesaler and retailers returns), recalls, rebates, charge backs, volume discounts, billing errors, retroactive price
 reductions (including those granted to managed health care organizations, wholesalers, purchasing groups, retailers or federal, state
 or provincial governments) in each case which effectively reduce the selling price or gross sales of the Project Vaccines; 

(iii) 
 tariffs,
 duties and similar governmental charges 

(iv) 
 excise,
 sale and use taxes, or value added taxes, and equivalent taxes to the extent added to the sale price and set forth separately as
 such in the total amount invoiced; and 

(v) 
 freight,
 transport, packing, handling, and insurance charges associated with transportation, but only if separately stated on the same invoice
 as for the sale, lease or other disposition of the Project Vaccine. 

Net
Sales does not include any financial or non-financial consideration (which may include royalties) related to sales, leases, dispositions
or other transfers of Project Vaccines (A) among or between Awardee, Awardee s Affiliates, and Sublicensees for the purpose of
subsequent resale to a third party; (B) to end-users in, or customers purchasing on behalf of, an LMIC; and (C) where for no consideration,
that are for use in nonclinical/clinical trials or registration; or as samples or for charitable purposes. 

1.3.2 
 Phase
 3 Funding has the meaning described in Annex I. 

1.3.3 
 Sublicensee 
 means a third party to which Awardee or an Affiliate of Awardee grants a sublicense under any Intellectual Property in the Project
 Vaccine excluding any wholesaler, distributor (which may include local marketing authorization holders), or other Subawardee and
 Sublicensing shall have a corresponding meaning. 

1.3.4 
 VBI-2901 
 means Awardee s clinical stage trivalent vaccine against the L-strain of SARS-CoV2, MERS and SARS-CoV1. 

1.4 
 Pricing
 Objectives . Clause 15.9(b) of the Annex A: Terms and Conditions shall be deleted and replaced with the following (to remove the
 reference to and (iii) [ ] for allocation to HICs ): 

1.4.1 
 during
 the Pandemic Period, and in respect of any region in which an epidemic is determined to exist according to Section 15.5(c), the sale
 of the Project Vaccine to Gavi, CEPI or their respective designee at no more than (i) [ ] for allocation to LMICs; and (ii) [ ] 
 for allocation to UMICs; provided always that in each case the sale of the Project Vaccine to Gavi, CEPI or their respective designee
 shall be at a price that is no higher than the lowest price at which Awardee sells the Project Vaccine to any third party in respect
 of the relevant country other than as contemplated by the Canada Agreement; 

1.5 
 Waiver
 of Commercial benefits . Clause 16.2 of the Annex A: Terms and Conditions shall be amended to retain only the first sentence,
 and so shall read as follows: 

1.5.1 
 In
 consideration for Awardee s acceptance and compliance with the provisions of Clause 15, CEPI agrees to forgo any share of potential
 Commercial Benefits otherwise applicable under Sub-Clause 16.1 during the Pandemic Period. 

Annex
A: Agreed Amendments 

1.6 
 Commercial
 Benefits Following Pandemic Period . Clause 16.3 of the Annex A: Terms and Conditions shall be inserted as follows (such that
 it reflects the second and third sentence of the previous Clause 16.2, with modifications): 

1.6.1 
 Following
 the Pandemic Period and except during a period of regional Outbreak pursuant to Section 15.5.(c), the Awardee shall promptly notify
 CEPI of any Commercial Benefits, including in respect of any sales of a Project Vaccine for which CEPI provides funding beyond the
 completion of Phase 2 clinical studies (or any Project Vaccine if (i) this Agreement is terminated by CEPI pursuant to Clause 20.2
 or Clause 20.3(c) (e); or (ii) Awardee does not accept further funding from CEPI offered on similar terms to those set out
 in this Agreement) in any country other than an AMC Country. Following receipt by CEPI of any such notice, Awardee and CEPI shall
 work in good faith to effect the sharing of such Commercial Benefits in the Field according to terms in Annex I for a Project Vaccine
 for which CEPI has provided funding. 

1.7 
 Annex
 H: Volume Commitment Percentage Contribution . A new annex, Annex H. Volume Commitment Percentage Contribution ,
 shall be added as follows: 

Proposed Volume Commitments by VBI to CEPI for a Project Vaccine (based
 on a hypothetical scenario) 
 
 Funding For: 
 CEPI Percent Funding 
 Stage Percent 
 CEPI Stage Percent 
 CEPI Cumulative Percent 
 
 Preclinical 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 
 Phase 1 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 
 Phase 2 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 
 Phase 3 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 
 Manufacturing/Approval 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 

Funding
for Manufacturing/Approval means funding for (i) approval and registration as set out in the iPDP; (ii) WHO pre-qualification or emergency
use listing; and (iii) reasonably sufficient commercial manufacturing capabilities as required to meet Awardee s obligations hereunder. 

In
the event that CEPI declines to fund future development under clause 4.1, or the CEPI Percent Funding for a future stage of work is decreased
(including without limitation due to co-funding by VBI or a third party organization), VBI s Volume Commitment would be adjusted
based on CEPI s Percent Funding of each Stage Percent above (for example, if CEPI did not contribute to Manufacturing Approval
costs, the CEPI Cumulative Percent in the hypothetical scenario above would be reduced by [ ] ). The numbers used in the CEPI
Percent Funding above that are parenthetically noted to be TBD are examples for illustration purposes only. In no event will the
Volume Commitment Percentage be any lower than the CEPI Cumulative Percent already due to CEPI based on its contributions to the funding
stages already completed by the Project Vaccine. 

Annex
A: Agreed Amendments 

1.8 
 Annex
 I. Commercial Benefits . A new annex, Annex I. Commercial benefits , shall be added as follows: 

Subject
to Clause 16.3 of this Agreement the following terms would apply to the sharing of Commercial Benefits in respect of any sales or other
exploitation of a Project Vaccine for which CEPI provides at least of funding for phase 3 clinical studies including all costs approved
by CEPI associated with the phase 3 study and any associated manufacturing and process development costs during phase 3 that are required
to generate data for inclusion in a Biological License Application (BLA) to the U.S Food and Drug Administration (FDA) or equivalent Phase 3 Funding ): 

Royalties:
 [ ] of Net Sales on amounts above [ ]/annum, excluding the sales of Project Vaccine allocated under VBI s Volume Commitments
 to CEPI specified in Annex H. 

Anti-Stacking
 Provision: In the event that VBI requires a royalty-bearing license to third party intellectual property, the royalties owed to CEPI
 will be reduced by [ ] of the royalties payable to a third party, provided that the maximum permitted reduction in CEPI s
 royalty shall be [ ] . 

Sublicensing:
 In the event of Sublicensing, CEPI would receive [ ] of any and all compensation paid by a Sublicensee to Awardee of Affiliate,
 including but not limited to: i) upfront payments, ii) development milestones, iii) earn-outs, iv) royalties paid to VBI or its Affiliate,
 v) the value of any premium paid above fair market value for any Sublicensing arrangement that includes the purchase or option to
 purchase shares in VBI or Affiliate. CEPI is not be entitled to royalties on Net Sales of Project Vaccine sold by a Sublicensee. 

If
CEPI provides less than [ ] of Phase 3 Funding the sharing of Commercial Benefits in respect of any sales or other exploitation of
a Project Vaccine, the royalties and sublicensing payments above which are applicable to at least [ ] of Phase 3 Funding shall be
adjusted as per the tiers indicated below. For the avoidance of doubt the anti-stacking reduction shall continue to apply without adjustment: 

equal
 to or less than [ ] of Phase 3 Funding: no royalties or sublicensing payments shall apply; 

greater
 than [ ] and less than [ ] of Phase 3 Funding: a royalty of [ ] of Net Sales and/or a [ ] share of any Sublicensing shall
 apply; 

equal
 to [ ] of Phase 3 Funding: a [ ] royalty of Net Sales and/or a [ ] share of any Sublicensing shall apply; and 

greater
 than [ ] and less than [ ] of Phase 3 Funding: the rates applicable to at least [ ] of Phase 3 Funding, multiplied by a
 discounted factor determined according to the following formula: [ ] + [ ] for every [ ] increase in Phase 3 funding above
 [ ] . 

As
an example for the above tier applicable to Phase 3 Funding greater than [ ] and less than [ ] , if CEPI were to provide [ ] 
of Phase 3 Funding, the following would apply: 

a
 royalty payment of [ ] (i.e., [ ] multiplied by a discount factor of [ ], calculated as follows: [ ]; and /or 

a
 Sublicensing payment of [ ] (i.e., [ ] multiplied by a discount factor of [ ], calculated as follows: [ ]. 

Annex
B Terms and Conditions of Amendment 

Annex
B 

Terms
and Conditions of Amendment 

1. 
 The
 Original Agreement will be amended on the terms and in the manner set out in Annex A. In the event of conflict between this Amendment
 Agreement and the Original Agreement, the terms of this Amendment Agreement shall prevail. 

2. 
 Unless
 otherwise stated in Annex A, all agreed amendments shall come into force as of the Effective Date. 

3. 
 This
 Amendment Agreement shall be supplemental to and shall form an integral part of the Original Agreement. 

4. 
 Save
 as set out in Annex A, nothing in this Amendment Agreement shall be deemed to be an amendment to the terms of the Original Agreement
 or a waiver or consent by CEPI to any breach or potential breach (present or future) of any provision of the Original Agreement or
 any waiver of any default which arises on or after the date of this Amendment Agreement. Nothing in this Amendment Agreement shall
 be construed as constituting a release or discharge of the Parties from their obligations and liabilities under the Original Agreement.

5. 
 Save
 as set out in Annex A, the Original Agreement shall continue in full force and effect and where necessary shall be read and construed
 as if the terms of this Amendment Agreement were inserted thereon by way of addition or substitution (as the case may be). 

6. 
 All
 terms used in this Amendment Agreement shall have the same meaning as terms used in the Original Agreement. Unless the context otherwise
 requires, references in the Original Agreement to this agreement shall be to the Original Agreement as amended by this
 Amendment Agreement. 

7. 
 All
 provisions of the Original Agreement regarding third party rights, signing by counterparts, amendments/variations, governing law
 and jurisdiction and/or dispute resolution shall apply to this Agreement, as if set out in full and so that references in those provisions
 to this agreement shall be construed as references to this Amendment Agreement and reference to party 
 or parties shall be construed as references to the Parties. 

</EX-10.48>

<EX-10.49>
 5
 ex10-49.htm

Exhibit
10.49 

AMENDMENT
TO CONSULTING AGREEMENT 

This
Amendment to Consulting Agreement (the Amendment ), effective as of January 1 st , 2023 (the Effective
Date ), is by and between Variation Biotechnologies Inc., a corporation incorporated pursuant to the laws of Canada (the Company having an address of 310 Hunt Club Road East, Ottawa, Ontario K1V 1C1 and F. Diaz-Mitoma Professional Corporation (Ontario corporation
number 002356634) having an address of 210 Barrow Crescent, Kanata, Ontario K2L 2C7 Consultant ). The Consultant
and Company are sometimes referred to as a Party and are collectively referred to as the Parties . 

WHEREAS ,
the Company and Consultant are parties to a certain Consulting Agreement dated July 1, 2016, amended as of January 1, 2017, January 1,
2018, January 1, 2019, January 1, 2020, January 1, 2021, and further amended as of January 1, 2022 (the Consulting Agreement ); 

AND
WHEREAS , the Consultant and the Company wish to amend the Consulting Agreement on the terms and conditions set out in this Amendment; 

NOW
THEREFORE , in consideration of the mutual covenants contained herein, the Parties agree as follows: 

1 .
 Amendment to Section 1(a). As of the Effective Date, Section 1(a) of the Consulting Agreement shall be deleted in its entirety
and replaced with the following: 

(a)
Term. This Agreement shall be in effect beginning on the Effective Date and, unless terminated earlier pursuant to the provisions
of this Section 1, shall continue until December 31, 2023 (the Term ). This Agreement may be renewed any number of
times, with or without a short interruption in continuity of Services (as defined below), by written notice from the Company which is
accepted by signature of the Consultant. 

2.
Amendment to Section 5(a). As of the Effective Date, Section 5(a) of the Consulting Agreement shall be deleted in its entirety and
replaced with the following: 

5.
Payment for Consulting Services. 

(a)
Consideration. As consideration for the Services, the Company shall pay Consultant a fee of 51,500.00 CAD per month (plus
any HST or GST payable). 

3.
Replacement of Appendix C. As of the Effective Date, Appendix C of the Consulting Agreement shall be deleted in its entirety and
replaced with the version of Appendix C attached as Schedule A to this Amendment. 

4.
Consulting Agreement to Remain in Full Effect. Except as amended by this Amendment, the Consulting Agreement shall continue to be
in full force and effect, without amendment, and is hereby ratified and confirmed. The Consulting Agreement shall henceforth be read
and construed in conjunction with this Amendment. 

5.
Governing Law. This Amendment shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Province of Ontario and the federal
laws of Canada applicable therein. 

4.
Further Assurances. Each Party shall do such further acts and execute such further documents as may be required to give effect to
this Amendment and carry out the intent thereof. 

5.
Binding Effect. This Amendment shall be binding on and inure to the benefit of the Parties and their respective successors and assigns. 

6.
Execution and Counterparts. This Amendment may be executed in counterparts, including counterpart signature pages or counterpart
facsimile or scanned signature pages (each of which shall be deemed an original), all of which together shall constitute one and the
same instrument. 

Signature
page follows. 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed by their respective authorized officers as of the
Effective Date. 

VARIATION BIOTECHNOLOGIES INC. 

/s/ Jeff Baxter 

Name: 
 Jeff Baxter 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

F. DIAZ-MITOMA PROFESSIONAL CORPORATION 

/s/
 Dr. Francisco Diaz-Mitoma 

Name: 
 Dr. Francisco Diaz-Mitoma 

Title: 
 President 

Schedule
A 

Appendix
C Performance Incentives 

1. 
 Bonus
 payable as of February 15 th , 2023 CAD 108,000 

2.
 
 The
 Company shall cause VBI Vaccines Inc., a British Columbia corporation (the Parent to grant to Francisco Diaz-Mitoma,
 as designee of Consultant, 75,000 stock options (the Options ), each Option exercisable for one common
 share of Parent, to be granted effective as of January 26, 2023 , which was the date on which the board of directors of Parent
 approved such grant, and to be subject to the provisions of the Plan. Conditions regarding the Options and their exercise, including
 the exercise price, the term of the Options and the timing of vesting shall be set out in an Option Agreement between the Parent
 and Francisco Diaz-Mitoma. The common shares issuable upon exercise of the Options shall bear the appropriate legend to indicate
 such shares are control securities as defined in General Instruction C.1(a) of Form S-8. 

</EX-10.49>

<EX-10.50>
 6
 ex10-50.htm

Exhibit
10.50 

[ ]
Certain information has been excluded pursuant to Regulation S-K, Item 601(b)(10)(iv) from this Document because it is both not material
and is the type that the registrant treats as private or confidential. 

LICENSE
AGREEMENT 

This
License Agreement (the Agreement is made as of September 1, 2021 (the Effective Date ), by and among Ferring
International Center S.A., a company incorporated pursuant to the laws of Switzerland, having its principal place of business at Ch.
De la Vergognausaz 50, 1162 Saint-Prex, Switzerland Ferring ( Licensor ), and SciVac Ltd, a company
incorporated under the laws of Israel, having a place of business at 13 Gad Feinstein Rd Rehovot, 7610303 Israel Licensee and VBI Vaccines Inc. a company incorporated under the laws of British Columbia, Canada, having a place of business at 160 Second Street,
Cambridge, MA 02142 Guarantor ). 

PREMISES 

1st. Guarantor
 is the parent company of Licensee, which manufactures and sells a prophylactic Hepatitis
 B vaccine in association with the trademark Sci-B-Vac; 

2nd. Licensee
 is party to that certain License Agreement which was signed in June 2004 by Savient Pharmaceuticals
 Savient and and SciGen Ltd. SciGen and subsequently
 amended by four separate amendments (the Original License ), pursuant to which
 a license was granted to certain rights related to the manufacture and marketing of Sci-B-Vac
 and which Original License completely replaced two Prior Agreements (as defined herein) between
 the Parties; 

3rd. Through
 a series of transactions, the Licensor assumed the rights and obligations of Savient and
 Licensee assumed the obligations of SciGen; 

4th. The
 Parties hereto have decided, based upon the approval of Sci-B-Vac (using the brand name PreHevbrio by the FDA in the United States (the Approved Product and in order
 to advance the development and commercialization of Sci-B-Vac and to resolve their dispute
 regarding the payment of royalties under the Original License, to modify and clarify their
 respective rights and obligations; and 

5th. The
 Parties wish to replace the Original License and the terms and conditions thereunder with
 the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 

IN
CONSIDERATION of the mutual undertakings and covenants set forth herein, the sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the Parties
hereby agree as follows: 

1. Definitions For the purposes of this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meaning set forth below: 

1.1. Affiliate 
 of either one of the Parties hereto shall mean any individual, sole proprietorship, firm,
 partnership, corporation, trust, joint venture or other entity, whether de jure or
 de facto, which, directly or indirectly, controls, is controlled by or is under common
 control with such person or entity. As used in this definition, control means
 the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of
 the policies and management of a person or entity, whether by the ownership of stock, by
 contract or otherwise. 

1 

1.2. BTGIL 
 means Bio-Technology General (Israel) Ltd., an Affiliate of Licensor, existing under
 the laws of Israel and having a place of business in Be er Tuvia, Israel. 

1.3. CHO 
 means Chinese Hamster Ovary. 

1.4. Clone 
 means genetically engineered CHO cells encoding the Hepatitis B Antigen. 

1.5. CMO 
 means a third party contract manufacturer selected by Licensee for the manufacture of Product,
 which can include a joint venture entity involving Licensee. 

1.6. Combination
 Vaccine means (i) a vaccine containing portions of two or more separate vaccines,
 in all cases including the Product; or (ii) any product containing both (x) the Product and
 (y) one or more other active agents, toxins, radioisotopes, adjuvants or other active ingredients,
 which do not by themselves constitute Products, and which are components of the Combination
 Vaccine whether packaged separately but sold together or packaged and sold together. For
 the avoidance of doubt, while a Combination Vaccine contains the Product, a
 Combination Vaccine shall not itself be deemed a Product for
 purposes of this Agreement; it being understood that the Approved Product is a Product and
 not a Combination Product under this Agreement. 

1.7. Confidential
 Information means the Technology, the Process and all information and data of
 any kind, which by its nature is confidential or proprietary, whether such information is
 disclosed orally, by observation during visits to or inspections of the disclosing Party s
 facilities, or in writing or in any other form. For the avoidance of doubt, Confidential
 Information shall be deemed to include information and data exchanged between the Parties
 prior to the Signature Date and under the Original License. 

1.8. Distributor 
 means a third party to which Licensee may grant the right to Market Product in any country
 or countries in the Territory, pursuant to Section 6 below. 

1.9. Effective
 Date shall have the meaning given thereto in the preamble. 

1.10. Formulated 
 means sterilized bulk Product with added buffer followed by adsorption onto alhydrogel. 

2 

1.11. HBsAg 
 means Hepatitis B Antigen produced using the Clone. 

1.12. Hepatitis
 B Antigen means S, Pre-S1 and Pre-S2 epitopes of the hepatitis B virus. 

1.13. Hepatitis
 B Competitor means any recombinant product comprising [ ] or a [ ], or the
 active ingredients for such a product, other than the Product and a Combination Vaccine 

1.14. IIA 
 means the Israel Innovation Authority, formerly known as the Office of the Chief Scientist
 of the Ministry of Trade, Industry and Labor of Israel. 

1.15. License
 Period shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Section 14.1. 

1.16. Licensed
 Indications means all pharmaceutical uses for which Regulatory Approval is obtained
 for the Product. 

1.17. Market 
 or Marketing means promotion and/or marketing and/or distribution
 and/or sale of the Product. 

1.18. Net
 Sales means the ex-works selling price for Product (in bulk or in its final presentation)
 or Combination Vaccine (calculated as set forth below) invoiced by Licensee, or an Affiliate
 or designee of Licensee or a Sub-Licensee, for the first sale of such Product or Combination
 Vaccine to a third party, as established in a bona fide arms length transaction between Licensee
 or an Affiliate or designee of Licensee or Sub-Licensee and such third party less the following
 deductions actually incurred, allowed, paid, accrued or specifically allocated in its financial
 statements for: 

(a)
customary and reasonable trade, quantity, and cash discounts, wholesaler allowances and inventory management fees; 

(b)
customary and reasonable credits, rebates and chargebacks (including those to managed-care entities, purchasing entities and government
agencies), and allowances or credits to customers on account of rejections or returns (including wholesaler and retailer returns) or
on account of retroactive price reductions affecting such Product; 

(c)
freight and transportation charges relating to such Product, including handling and insurance thereof; and 

(d)
sales (such as VAT or its equivalent) and excise taxes, other consumption taxes, and customs duties (excluding any taxes paid on the
income from such sales) to the extent not otherwise reimbursed by a credit or a refund for such taxes, duties or payments made. 

3 

Net
Sales shall also include the fair market value of Product transferred by Licensee to related parties for onward sale or use or on consignment.
Net Sales shall specifically exclude: (i) the fair market value of amounts of Product actually used in clinical trials to develop and
obtain regulatory approval for Products or Combination Vaccine; and (ii) the fair market value of amounts of Product or Combination Vaccine
actually used by Licensee, its Affiliates or its contractors for product testing or retention which is specifically required by a regulatory
authority in the Territory and/or used by Licensee or its Affiliates as product samples for which no consideration is paid, provided
the quantity of Product or Combination Vaccine actually utilized for purposes of such clinical trials, retention and product testing
and/or product samples shall not exceed in the aggregate for all of these purposes ten percent (10 of annual Product sales during any
given Royalty Year during this Agreement. With respect to Net Sales of Combination Vaccine, for which no royalty has previously been
paid to Licensor on Product used in the manufacture of such Combination Vaccine, and for which the Product and each of the other active
agents or active ingredients not constituting Products have established market prices when sold separately (market prices as to Product
being defined as the ex works price charged by Licensee, its Affiliates or Sub-Licensees as manufacturers, or in the case of other active
agents or active ingredients being defined as the ex works price charged by the manufacturer, in a direct arms length sale to a third
party), Net Sales shall be determined by multiplying the sales price for each Combination Vaccine by a fraction, the numerator of which
shall be the established market price for the Product contained in the Combination Vaccine and the denominator of which shall be the
sum of the established market prices for the Product plus the other active agents or active ingredients contained in the Combination
Vaccine. To the extent that this formula is inapplicable at any particular time, the Parties shall discuss and agree in good faith upon
a fair and equitable method of calculating Net Sales for the Combination Vaccine in question. 

If
the Product is sold as a Bundled Product (as hereafter defined) in a country in the Territory, then the Net Sales for the Product attributable
to such Bundled Product shall be the average price of Product sold in such country in the Territory during the applicable period, provided
that in any event any discount applied to such Bundled Product shall in any event be applied at the same discount across all products
sold by Guarantor and its Affiliates with the Bundled Product (i.e., no disproportionate discount shall apply to the Licensed Product).
 Bundled Product means products in which a non-Product is sold or discounted together with a Product for purchase
by or for resale to a customer. In any event, Licensee and its respective Sublicensees and Affiliates shall conduct pricing and discounting
activities in a good faith, consistent manner without disadvantaging the Product relative to the other products priced or sold as Bundled
Product. 

1.19. Original
 License has the meaning given thereto in the recitals; 

4 

1.20. Party 
 or Parties means Licensor, Licensee, or Guarantor, or all of them,
 depending on the context. 

1.21. Prior
 Agreements means the Scigen-Distribution Agreement and the Production Rights Agreement. 

1.22. Process 
 means Licensor s proprietary process for the production of the Product, as was
 used at the Rehovot Facility for the production of an HbsAg vaccine as of the effective date
 of the Original License 

1.23. Product 
 means HBsAg, either in bulk or Formulated, meeting the Specifications, to be manufactured
 by Licensee or CMO or a Sub-licensee and for sale by Licensee, an Affiliate of Licensee or
 Sub-licensee as a Hepatitis B virus vaccine. Product shall include, but not
 limited to, HBsAg for sale as a Therapeutic or as part of a Combination Vaccine it being
 understood that the Approved Product is a Product and not a Combination Product 
 under this Agreement. 

1.24. Production
 Rights Agreement means the License Agreement entered into as of December 23, 1997
 by and between Licensor and Scitech Genetics Pte. Ltd, a predecessor in interest to Licensee,
 as amended by Amendment No. 1 of January 18, 1998, an additional amendment effective June
 1, 1999 and Amendment No. 3 effective February 1, 2001. 

1.25. Rehovot
 Facility means BTGIL s former facility in Rehovot, Israel. 

1.26. Regulatory
 Approval means all governmental approvals required for the commercial production
 of the Product in any country in the Territory, or required to Market Product in any country
 of the Territory. 

1.27. Royalty 
 shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 8.1 below. 

1.28. Royalty
 Year means, as to each individual country in the Territory, consecutive twelve
 (12) month periods commencing upon the date of Regulatory Approval being obtained therein. 

1.29. Scigen-Distribution
 Agreement means the License Agreement entered into as of November 22, 1988 by
 and between Licensor and Scitech Medical Products Pte. Ltd, a predecessor in interest to
 Licensee, with respect to the marketing and distribution of the Product, as amended by Amendment
 No. 1 of October 1, 1995, Amendment No. 2 of December 22, 1996 and Amendment No. 3 effective
 December 1997. 

1.30. Sci-B-Vac 
 has the meaning given thereto in the Recitals. 

1.31. Signature
 Date means the first date upon which the signatures of both Parties shall have
 been affixed to this Agreement. 

5 

1.32. Specifications 
 means characteristics which, subject to the relevant Regulatory Approvals, are the same
 or may be substantially similar to those set forth in Exhibit A which is attached
 hereto and made a part hereof, or such other mutually agreed upon specifications. 

1.33. Sub-Licensee 
 means any party, other than an Affiliate, including, without limitation, collaborators, development
 or commercialization partners , or similar party to whom Licensee has sublicensed any
 of its rights to the Technology hereunder to manufacture Product. 

1.34. Sub-License
 Agreement has the meaning given thereto in Section 8.10. 

1.35. Technology 
 means the Clone, and any know-how and information provided by Licensor (or its predecessors)
 to Licensee which relates to the manufacture of the Product which shall include all trade
 secrets generally disclosed in the Original License, including, without limitation, manufacturing
 procedures, the Specifications, standard operating procedures or protocols for the Process
 and the analytical tests and quality control and testing procedures and validation protocols
 and expertise applied to the manufacture of the Product, provided, however that it shall
 not include (i) procurement or compliance with local standards and requirements; (ii)
 validation and related standard operating procedures for the manufacturing facility; (iii)
 any scale changes at the manufacturing facility or work flowing from such changes; (iv) the
 transfer of the Product into any receptacle other than bottles and into vials from bottles;
 (v) any modifications made to the manufacturing process or procedures by Licensee without
 the assistance of Licensor or its predecessors or (vi) standard operating procedures generated
 by Licensee which are not based on standard operating procedures obtained from Licensor or
 its predecessors. 

1.36. Term 
 shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Section 14.1. 

1.37. Territory 
 means all of the countries in the world. 

1.38. Therapeutic 
 means Product or Combination Vaccine for use against infections caused by the Hepatitis
 B virus. 

2. Restatement 

2.1. The
 Parties agree that, except for the representations and warranties of Savient in 11.2 of the
 Original License, which shall survive, this Agreement shall restate and replace the Original
 License in its entirety and shall, from and after the Effective Date, govern the relationship
 of the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof. 

6 

Without
derogating from the generality of the foregoing, the Parties hereby release and discharge each other and their respective Affiliates,
successors and assigns from any claims, demands, and rights of action arising out of and/or based upon any act or omission committed
by either of them or an Affiliate under the Original License, prior to the Effective Date, including, without limitation, any demand
for payment or reimbursement of any payment. 

3. License
 Grant 

3.1. Licensor
 hereby grants to Licensee the following rights, and only for the Licensed Indications: 

3.1.1. the
 exclusive right and license (a) to utilize the Technology and other Confidential Information
 disclosed by Licensor for the purpose of manufacturing, or having manufactured, Product;
 (ii) to sublicense any of the rights granted to Licensee hereunder to Sub-Licensees, subject
 to the applicable terms and conditions of this Agreement. 

3.2. The
 Parties agree and acknowledge that the Process and any Technology, Confidential Information
 and related information, data and materials provided to Licensee under the Original Agreement
 are specific to the Product and its manufacture, marketing, sale and distribution and do
 not relate to, and consequently no restrictions, subject to Section 21.13 below, shall apply
 hereunder with respect to other products (including products using the Product, such as Combination
 Vaccine) and the manufacture thereof. 

3.3. Nothing
 contained in this Agreement, or in the definition of the terms manufacture, 
 produce or production as used in this Agreement, shall be deemed to in any
 way restrict Licensee or a third party, subject to Section 21.13 below, engaged by Licensee
 on Licensee s behalf from formulating Formulated Product and filling and packaging
 commercial containers for Product from bulk Product, or using Product in the manufacture
 of Combination Vaccine, anywhere in the world, without restriction. 

4. Regulatory
 Approvals 

4.1. Licensee
 shall be fully responsible for preparing, duly filing and actively prosecuting applications
 for Regulatory Approval of the Product in the US, Europe and Canada and in such other countries
 in the Territory which it so chooses, in its own name or the name of an Affiliate, or only
 if it is not possible to file for Regulatory Approval of the Product except in the name of
 a Distributor, then in the name of the Distributor. Licensee shall keep Licensor currently
 informed about the progress made towards obtaining Regulatory Approval of the Product in
 each country in the Territory where such approval has been sought and shall provide Licensor
 with written reports in reasonable detail on an annual basis. Licensee shall also promptly
 notify Licensor, in writing, of the receipt of Regulatory Approval of the Product in any
 country in the Territory, as soon as such Regulatory Approval is obtained. 

7 

4.2. Licensee
 has obtained Regulatory Approval for Sci-B-Vac in the United States and Europe. The obligation
 in this section 4.2 is not time specific and Licensee shall have complete discretion as to
 the process of obtaining Regulatory Approval of Sci-B-Vac so long as Licensee is complying
 with the terms and conditions of this Agreement (including the obligation to use its commercially
 reasonable efforts). 

5. Non-Competition 

5.1. During
 the Term of this Agreement, neither Licensee nor its Affiliates shall, directly or indirectly,
 manufacture, distribute, sell or otherwise transfer any Hepatitis B Competitor; it being
 understood and agreed that any acquiror of all the capital stock of either Guarantor or Licensee
 shall not be deemed to be subject to the restrictions of this Section 5.1. 

6. Distributors 

6.1. Licensee,
 or its Affiliates as applicable, shall be entitled, in its sole discretion and at its sole
 responsibility, to Market Product through Distributors pursuant to arrangements with such
 Distributors consistent and complying with the following: 

6.1.1. Distributor
 shall keep confidential, shall not disclose Confidential Information regarding this Agreement
 disclosed to it by Licensee or its Affiliates or the CMO and shall return to Licensee or
 its Affiliates or to the CMO or destroy all documents containing such Confidential Information
 promptly, upon the termination of the distributorship; and 

6.1.2. that
 if it is not possible to file for Regulatory Approval of the Product except in the name of
 the Distributor, then upon termination of the Distributorship, Distributor shall, at Licensee
 request, and without cost, promptly assign to Licensee or Licensee nominee, any application
 for Regulatory Approval of the Product theretofore made in the Distributor s jurisdiction,
 or any such Regulatory Approval to the extent permitted by applicable law. 

8 

6.2. For
 the avoidance of doubt, Licensee shall refrain from disclosing any Confidential Information
 that constitutes any aspect of the Technology which constitutes a trade secret of Licensor
 to any Distributor. 

6.3. Licensee
 shall promptly notify Licensor, in writing, of the appointment of each Distributor and its
 name and address. 

7. Milestone
 Payments; Consideration For Rights and Licenses 

7.1. The
 following non-refundable, milestone payments to Licensor were paid by Licensee pursuant to
 the Original License as full and complete consideration for the rights and licenses granted
 thereby, which rights and licenses replaced and superceded the rights granted under the Prior
 Agreements: 

7.1.1. [ ]
 which were remitted by Licensee to Licensor in December of 2003, receipt of which Licensor
 hereby acknowledges; and 

7.1.2. [ ]
 which was paid by Licensee to Licensor on or before December 1, 2004. 

8. Royalties
 and Reporting 

8.1. In
 consideration for the grant of the Technology and other Confidential Information licensed
 or otherwise disclosed under this Agreement, Licensee shall pay or cause to be paid to Licensor
 during the Term a royalty at a fixed rate of three and a half percent (3.5 of Net Sales
 (the Royalties ). 

8.2. Licensee
 shall report to Licensor in writing, within thirty (30) days of the end of each calendar
 quarter, Net Sales during such quarter along with a calculation of the Royalties owed to
 Licensor, broken down by types of Product (vaccines, Combination Vaccines and Therapeutics),
 the country of manufacture, and the country of sale. Each such report shall be signed by
 Guarantor s Chief Financial Officer and accompanied by payment of the amount due. 

8.3. Following
 the date of first sale of a Product, by January 31 st of each year during the Term,
 Licensee shall furnish Licensor with a written statement certified by Guarantor s Chief
 Financial Officer, containing Net Sales during the just ended calendar year. Licensor shall
 have the right to request certification of such statement, by an independent auditor of the
 books and records of Guarantor and Licensee and their respective Affiliates. Licensor shall
 be solely responsible for the cost of such auditor, unless such auditor finds any inaccuracy
 in the statement, in which case Licensee shall forthwith pay to Licensor the full cost of
 the independent auditor (if but only if there is a five percent (5 inaccuracy) and any
 additional payment due under such auditor s certification. 

9 

8.4. All
 payments to be made to Licensor pursuant to this Agreement shall be made in United States
 Dollars to such bank account as Licensor may direct from time to time during the Term. 

8.5. Licensee
 shall keep and shall cause its Affiliates engaged in sales of Product to keep true and complete
 records in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles on Net Sales in relation
 to the Product. Such records shall contain sufficient detail to enable the determination
 of any Royalty or other payment due to Licensor hereunder. 

8.6. Upon
 reasonable written notice to Licensee, Licensor, through its designated accountants CPA ),
 shall have access during normal business hours and at Licensor s expense to all such
 records of Licensee and its Affiliates at the end of every calendar year and within the period
 of three (3) years thereafter. 

8.7. Licensor s
 CPA shall report to Licensor on such records only to the extent reasonably necessary to enable
 Licensor to assess whether the obligation of Licensee and its Affiliates with respect to
 the maintenance of such records has been fulfilled and/or to determine the amount of any
 Royalty or other payment due to Licensor hereunder. The CPA shall be obligated to maintain
 the confidentiality of such records. 

8.8. Licensee
 shall withhold and pay to the appropriate authorities in respect of any amount due to Licensor
 as Royalties, any and all withholding taxes imposed by any taxing authority. In such event,
 Licensee shall provide Licensor with evidence of such withholding and payment. All payments
 due herein shall otherwise be made without any set-offs or deductions of any nature. 

8.9. Foreign
 currency shall be converted into United States Dollars using an exchange rate equal to the
 exchange rate for the purchase of United States Dollars, as reported by The Wall Street
 Journal , on the last day of the calendar quarter for which the payment is due. 

8.10. Licensee
 will pay, within five (5) business days of its receipt, to Licensor thirty percent (30 of any and all Consideration (as defined below) Licensee and Guarantor and their respective
 Affiliates and assigns received for a sublicense or other grant of rights to any Sub-Licensee,
 (a Sub-License Agreement ). Licensee shall supply to Licensor a complete unredacted
 copy of each such Sub-License Agreement, together with such payment, provided that Licensor
 shall not disclose such Sub-License Agreement in whole or in part to any third party. Consideration 
 shall mean any and all non-royalty consideration, in any form, received by Licensee or Guarantor
 and/or their respective Affiliates from such Sub-Licensee (other than consideration based
 on Net Sales for which a royalty is due under this Agreement). Licensee covenants and agrees
 that it will not intentionally structure the financial terms of such Sub-License Agreements
 in a manner intended to avoid, reduce or diminish the amount of Consideration that would
 otherwise be subject to the terms of this Section 8.10 or its obligations to pay the specified
 portion thereof to Licensor. 

10 

8.11. The
 thirty percent (30 payment described in Section 8.10 shall not apply to a grant of rights
 in or relating to the countries in the Original Territory (which is the Territory as defined
 in the Original Agreement, prior to any amendment) or the Berna Territory countries, each
 as described in Exhibit B. With respect to the countries described in Exhibit B, Licensee
 covenants and agrees that it will not intentionally structure the financial terms of any
 Sub-License Agreement in or relating to such countries in a manner intended to avoid, reduce
 or diminish the amount of Royalties that would otherwise be due to Licensor pursuant to Section
 8.1. 

8.12. The
 provisions of Section 8 shall apply, mutatis mutandis , to payments and reports that
 shall be due to Licensor in respect of any Consideration, and all references to Affiliates
 thereunder shall be construed as including Sub-Licensees. For the avoidance of doubt, Licensee
 guarantees the compliance by any Sub-Licensee with any commercial provision of a Sub-License
 Agreement, unless, but only to the extent, that such Sub-Licensee enters into an agreement
 with Licensor which covenants and agrees to full performance of Sub-Licensee s obligations
 under this Agreement. 

9. Representations
 and Warranties by Licensor 

9.1. Subject
 to Section 10, as of June 3, 2004 (the original date of the Original License Agreement),
 Licensor represented and warranted to Licensee as follows: 

9.1.1. Licensor
 had all right, title and interest in and to the Vaccine (defined for purposes of this section
 only as Hepatitis B virus vaccine containing HBsAg that was manufactured for Licensor
 at the Rehovot Facility, but is not the Product ), the patent rights in patents directed
 to the manufacture of HBsAG, the Process and the Technology, which were free and clear of
 any liens, charges, encumbrances or other security interests in the Original Territory (as
 described in Exhibit B); 

9.1.2. The
 Process had enabled Licensor to produce HBsAG meeting the Specifications as specifically
 listed in Exhibit A, at the Rehovot Facility, when [ ] with [ ]; and 

9.1.3. The
 Clone was to be provided to Licensee in viable condition and was to be unchanged from that
 used in the Rehovot Facility. 

9.2 EXCEPT
 AS SPECIFICALLY SET FORTH IN SECTION 9.1 LICENSOR DISCLAIMS ALL OTHER EXPRESS AND IMPLIED
 WARRANTIES ON THE PRODUCT, PROCESS AND THE TECHNOLOGY (AS SUCH TERMS ARE DEFINED IN SECTION
 1 ABOVE). For the avoidance of doubt, Licensor does not warrant that the Process and the
 Technology shall enable Licensee to produce HBsAG meeting the Specifications. 

11 

10. Representations.
 Warranties and General Undertakings by Licensee 

10.1. Effective
 as of the original date of the Original License Agreement, Licensee accepted the Process
 and the Technology as is 

10.2. Effective
 as to the original date of the Original License Agreement, Licensee undertakes to Licensor
 as follows: 

10.2.1. Licensee
 shall comply, and shall ensure that the CMO complies, with the relevant terms of this Agreement
 and applicable laws; and 

10.2.2. In
 carrying out Licensee s undertakings and responsibilities pursuant to this Agreement,
 Licensee shall comply, and shall ensure that the CMO and/or Sub-Licensee comply, in all material
 respects, with all laws and regulations, licenses, permits, approvals and procedures applicable
 in any country of the Territory where Product is manufactured. 

10.3. Licensee,
 at its own expense, shall be responsible for obtaining and causing to remain in effect such
 licenses, permits, approvals, and consents as may be required for its performance and responsibilities
 under this Agreement, and also those of any Distributor. Such licenses, permits, approvals
 and consents shall, wherever possible, be in Licensee s own name. 

10.4. Licensee
 shall immediately report to Licensor on: 

10.4.1. any
 material development coming to its attention which may, in any way, materially and adversely
 affect its performance under this Agreement; and 

10.4.2. any
 breach by the CMO of the terms and conditions of this Agreement; and 

10.4.3. any
 serious adverse event alleged or known to be a result of the use of Product. 

12 

11. Indemnification 

11.1. Licensee
 shall assume responsibility for, and shall defend, indemnify and hold Licensor and its Affiliates
 harmless against and from any and all losses, expenses (including reasonable attorneys 
 fees and expenses at trial and appellate levels), recoveries and damages, including costs
 and expenses of a total or partial Product recall, arising out of, based on or caused by,
 any claim, suit or proceeding brought by a third party relating to or resulting from any
 breach by Licensee (or any employee, agent, contractor or Affiliate of one or more of Licensee
 or the CMO or a Sub-Licensee) of any of its obligations hereunder including the representations,
 warranties and undertakings of Section 10, or from the manufacture and/or supply of Product
 by the CMO for Licensee, or from the supply of Product by Licensee to any other party who
 purchases Product from Licensee, or from the negligence or other wrongdoing of Licensee or
 any of the above, provided that Licensee shall incur no obligation to defend, indemnify or
 hold Licensor and its Affiliates harmless against and from any liabilities resulting from
 a breach by Licensor (or any employee, agent or contractor of Licensor, or its Affiliates)
 of any of their obligations hereunder or from Licensor s gross negligence or other
 wrongdoing of Licensor or its Affiliates (or any employee, agent or contractor thereof). 

11.2. In
 no event shall Licensor (or its Affiliates) be liable for any representation or warranty,
 express or implied, with respect to the Product or the Technology which may have been made
 or given by Licensee or the CMO; or any Sub-Licensee; or any employee, agent, or contractor
 of Licensee or of the CMO or of any Sub-Licensee, and which representation or warranty was
 not specifically authorized by Licensor in writing, and Licensee shall indemnify Licensor
 and hold it harmless against and from any liability, loss or expense arising from any third
 party claims resulting from any such representation or warranty. 

11.3. Licensor
 shall promptly notify Licensee in writing of its receipt of notice of any claim or any actual
 or threatened legal action initiated against Licensor as to which this Section 11 applies.
 Licensor shall cooperate with Licensee in the defense of the claim or action and Licensee
 shall keep Licensor informed of developments in such action. 

11.4. In
 the case of an action against Licensor, or its Affiliates to which this Section 11 applies,
 Licensee shall consult Licensor with respect to the choice of attorneys for the defense of
 the action, and furthermore, in addition to the attorneys selected by Licensee to defend
 the action, Licensor shall also be entitled to engage at its own expense its own attorneys
 to assist in such defense. 

13 

12. Infringement 

12.1. Licensee
 shall be responsible for ensuring that it is free to operate in those countries of the Territory
 where it makes, uses and sells Products and Licensee shall refrain from committing any act,
 and shall ensure that the CMO and any Sub-Licensee do not commit any act, which Licensee
 has reason to believe, infringes upon an issued patent in the country in which such act takes
 place. It is understood and agreed that Licensor does not hereby and will not warrant to
 Licensee or the CMO or any Sub-Licensee that the Technology, the Process, the Product or,
 without limitation, manufacture, use or Marketing of the Product does not and will not infringe
 any patent owned by a third party, and Licensor shall have no responsibility whatsoever to
 defend against any claim, suit and/or proceeding asserted or filed against Licensor and/or
 Licensee and/or the CMO and/or a Sub-Licensee or their Affiliates (or any employee, agent
 or contractor thereof) alleging such infringement. Licensee shall assume full responsibility
 for, and shall defend, indemnify and hold Licensor harmless against and from any and all
 such patent infringement suits filed by a third party directly or indirectly in relation
 to the Licensee s use of the Product, the Process and the Technology. 

13. Relationship
 of Parties 

13.1. The
 relationship between Licensee and Licensor under this Agreement is that of licensor and licensee,
 and nothing contained in this Agreement shall constitute either Party as the agent or representative
 of the other Party for any purpose whatsoever. 

13.2. In
 particular, but without derogating from the generality of the foregoing, neither Party shall
 have any right to assume or create any obligation, contract or commitment, expressed or implied,
 or make any representation, on behalf, or in the name, of the other Party, and each Party
 shall indemnify and hold harmless the other Party against and from any liability arising
 from any such act by such Party. 

14. Term
 and Termination 

14.1. Unless
 earlier terminated pursuant to any provision of this Agreement, this Agreement shall remain
 in force on a country-by-country basis in the Territory (the Term until
 the date which is seventeen (17) years after the date of commencement of the first Royalty
 Year in respect of such country (each, a License Period ). The Parties
 confirm that, pursuant to the Original License, upon expiry of the full term of the first
 License Period having commenced, Licensee exercised its option to extend the Original License
 in respect of all the countries of the Territory to a full license term of seventeen (17)
 years by payment to Licensor of a one-time lump sum payment of (U.S. Dollars One Hundred
 Thousand (US 100,000) in April of 2019. 

14 

14.2. Provided
 that the license has been in effect for, and elapsed after, a seventeen (17) year License
 Period with respect to a country in the Territory, Licensee shall thereafter have a royalty-free
 license to the Technology in such country. 

14.3. Upon
 termination of this Agreement, Licensee and the CMO and any manufacturing Sub-Licensee shall
 immediately cease the manufacture, marketing, sale and distribution of Product in those countries
 of the Territory where Royalties have not been paid for the full seventeen year Term and
 shall return to Licensor all Technology and other Confidential Information in their possession,
 including the Clone and all clones derived therefrom in use in such countries. Upon the termination
 of this Agreement, Licensee shall, at Licensor s request, promptly assign to Licensor
 or Licensor s nominee, any application for Regulatory Approval or any Regulatory Approval
 obtained in those countries of the Territory where Royalties have not been paid for the full
 seventeen year Term. If any application cannot be so transferred or assigned, Licensee shall,
 at Licensor s request, actively continue to process such application and shall assign
 such Regulatory Approval when received, and Licensor shall reimburse Licensee for its reasonable
 out-of-pocket expenses. Once transferred, Licensee will not retain any residual rights to
 any such application or Regulatory Approval. 

14.4. Licensor
 shall have the right to terminate this Agreement by written notice to Licensee if Licensee
 should: 

14.4.1. be
 declared bankrupt or insolvent, or request or suffer the appointment of a receiver for its
 assets, or make a composition with its creditors or take or suffer any similar action in
 consequence of debt; 

14.4.2. fail
 to make any payment due Licensor under this Agreement for a period of forty-five (45) days
 following notice from Licensor that such payment is due; 

14.4.3. fail
 to prevent the Technology from being transferred without Licensor s and the IIA s
 prior written consent; 

or 

14.4.4. otherwise
 breach any material provision of this Agreement and fail to cure such breach within sixty
 (60) days after Licensor gives notice of such breach to Licensee. 

15 

14.5. Licensee
 shall have the right to terminate this Agreement by written notice to Licensor if Licensor
 should: 

14.5.1. be
 declared bankrupt or insolvent, or request or suffer the appointment of a receiver for its
 assets, or make a composition with its creditors or take or suffer any similar action in
 consequence of debt; or 

14.5.2. breach
 any material provision of this Agreement and fail to cure such breach within sixty (60) days
 after Licensee gives notice of such breach to Licensor. 

14.6. No
 Party shall be entitled to any compensation upon, or by reason of, the termination of this
 Agreement for any reason, other than for the material breach of this Agreement by the other
 Party, except that each Party shall be entitled to collect any debt then owed to it by the
 other Party and shall have any rights that this Agreement provides upon termination. 

15. Force
 Majeure 

15.1. Each
 Party shall be relieved of its obligations under this Agreement to the extent that fulfillment
 of such obligations shall be prevented by strikes, embargoes, riots, fires, floods, war,
 hurricanes, windstorms, acts or defaults of common carriers, governmental laws, acts or regulations,
 contamination, shortages of materials or any other occurrence, whether or not similar to
 the foregoing, beyond the reasonable control of the Party whose performance is affected thereby. 

15.2. If
 any Party is prevented from fulfilling its obligations under this Agreement by reason of
 a circumstance covered by this Section 15, the Party unable to fulfill its obligations shall,
 upon the occurrence of any such circumstance, promptly notify the other Parties of such circumstance
 and of the likely duration thereof, use its reasonable commercial efforts to alleviate each
 circumstance and promptly continue performance hereunder upon the cessation of such circumstance. 

16. Confidentiality 

16.1. Commencing
 on the Signature Date, during the Term and at all times thereafter, each of Licensor and
 Licensee shall retain in strict confidence all Confidential Information obtained from the
 other pursuant to, or in connection with, this Agreement. Neither Party shall disclose any
 Confidential Information of the other to any person, firm or corporation, or any other third
 party. Neither Party shall use any such Confidential Information for any purpose not contemplated
 by this Agreement. 

16.2. Notwithstanding
 the foregoing, each of the Parties may disclose Confidential Information of the other: 

16.2.1. to
 its (or its Affiliates) directors, officers, employees, Sub-Licensees, commercial and research
 and development collaborators, and consultants, to the extent, if any, required for the performance
 of their duties in connection with this Agreement, provided each such person is individually
 and personally obligated in writing to comply with confidentiality undertakings no less stringent
 than the provisions of this Section 16; 

16 

16.2.2. to
 the extent necessary to obtain Regulatory Approvals; or 

16.2.3. to
 the extent required by law, regulation or judicial order, or the rules and regulations of
 any stock exchange, provided that prior to disclosure pursuant to this clause the disclosing
 Party gives to the other Party prompt notice of such required disclosure and fully cooperates
 with such Party s efforts to obtain a protective order or other appropriate remedy;
 and provided further that any such disclosure shall be in writing, shall, to the extent possible,
 be designated confidential at the time of disclosure, and shall be held by the recipient
 in accordance with the provisions of this Section 16. 

16.3. The
 obligations of nondisclosure and nonuse pursuant to this Section 16 shall not apply to any
 Party with respect to any Confidential Information of the other Party that such Party can
 establish by written record: 

16.3.1. was
 known to such Party prior to the disclosure thereof by the other Party; or 

16.3.2. was
 in the public domain prior to the disclosure thereof to such Party or subsequently entered
 the public domain by some means other than as a result of a breach of this Agreement by such
 Party; or 

16.3.3. was
 subsequently disclosed to such Party by a third party having a lawful right to make the disclosure. 

17. Limitation
 on Remedies 

Except
as specifically set forth herein, neither Party shall be liable to the other Party under any circumstances for any special, indirect,
incidental or consequential damages, lost profits, business interruption losses, or loss of business relationships. 

18. Governing
 Law; Litigation 

18.1. This
 Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of
 New Jersey, United States of America, without regard to the conflicts of laws provisions
 therein. 

17 

18.2. Licensee
 hereby irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of the federal courts and the state courts
 of the State of New Jersey with respect to any legal proceedings in connection with this
 Agreement, confirms that the service of process out of such courts and delivered by certified
 mail or courier, fees prepaid, shall be deemed to be service upon Licensee for purposes of
 such legal proceedings; waives any objection it may have that such legal proceedings have
 been brought in an inconvenient forum; and agrees to produce witnesses in New Jersey which
 are reasonably identified by Licensor for depositions or as witnesses at trial. All such
 proceedings shall be conducted in the English language. 

18.3. Nothing
 contained herein shall bar Licensor from applying to any court for injunctive relief to prevent
 the breach or threatened breach of the provisions hereof. Without derogating from the generality
 of the foregoing, each Party hereby consents to the jurisdiction of such country or countries
 in which other Party elects to seek an injunction in favor of Licensor preventing breach
 of this Agreement. 

18.4. Licensee
 shall maintain and keep in force for the Term of this Agreement comprehensive general liability
 insurance and product liability insurance, each of which shall have a limit which is at least
 [ ] per occurrence and in the aggregate. Such insurance shall be placed with a first class
 insurance carrier with at least a BBB rating by Standard Poors. Promptly after execution
 and delivery of this Agreement, Licensee shall furnish a certificate of insurance evidencing
 the foregoing coverage and limit. 

19. Insurance

19.1. Employers 
 liability insurance shall cover any employee of any kind. 

20. Notices 

20.1. All
 notices and other communications required or desired to be given or sent by one Party to
 the other Party shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been given: (a) on the date
 of delivery, if delivered to the persons identified below, (b) five (5) business days after
 mailing if mailed, with proper postage, by certified or registered mail, postage prepaid,
 return receipt requested, addressed as set forth below, (c) on the date of receipt if sent
 by email, or (d) three (3) business days after delivery to a nationally recognized overnight
 courier service marked for overnight delivery, as follows: 

If
to Licensee: 

SciVac
Ltd. 

13
Gad Feinstein Rd 

Rehovot,
7610303 Israel 

Attn:
Chief Financial Officer 

cmnulty@vbivaccines.com 

18 

with
a copy to: Legal Counsel 

mbradley@vbivaccines.com 

If
to Licensor: 

Ferring
International Center SA 

Ch.
De la Vergognausaz 50, 

1162
Saint-Prex, Switzerland 

Attn:
Chief Legal Officer 

Ferring-General-Counsel@ferring.com 

or
to such other address as may be designated by notice; provided that any notice of change of address shall be effective only upon receipt. 

21. Miscellaneous 

21.1. Any
 payment not received when due shall bear interest from the due date at the rate of [ ]
 per month (or such other percentage, if lower, as shall not exceed the maximum rate permitted
 by law). 

21.2. This
 Agreement, together with the exhibits attached hereto, constitutes the entire agreement between
 the Parties with respect to Licensor s HBsAg-based Technology and Products in any form,
 and supersedes all prior understandings, agreements and discussions between them and/or their
 Affiliates, oral or written, with respect to such subject matter. 

21.3. This
 Agreement shall not be modified or amended except by a written instrument referencing this
 Agreement signed by the Parties hereto. 

Neither
Party shall assign its rights or obligations under this Agreement, or any intellectual property rights or Technology licensed under this
Agreement, either in whole or in part, without the prior written consent of the other Party except to a party acquiring all of the assigning
party s business to which this Agreement relates. Any assignment in violation of this Section 21.3 shall be null and void. Subject
to the foregoing, this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Parties and their respective successors and permitted
assigns. 

21.4. This
 Agreement has been prepared jointly and shall not be strictly construed against either Party. 

19 

21.5. No
 waiver or failure to act, with respect to any breach or default under this Agreement, whether
 or not the other Party has notice thereof, shall be deemed to be a waiver with respect to
 any subsequent breach or default, whether of a similar or different nature. 

21.6. Those
 provisions of this Agreement which are intended to survive the termination, expiration or
 nullification of this Agreement, including, without limitation, the provisions of Sections
 2, 8.5, 8.6, 14.2, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21.1, 21.4, 21.6, 21.7, 21.10, 21.11, 21.12, and 21.13
 shall so survive and shall be enforceable according to the terms set forth herein. 

21.7. The
 provisions of this Agreement are severable. The invalidity, in whole or in part, of any provision
 of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other of its provisions.
 If one or more provisions hereof shall be declared invalid or unenforceable, the remaining
 provisions shall remain in full force and effect and shall be construed in the broadest possible
 manner to give effect to the purposes hereof. The Parties further agree to replace such void
 or unenforceable provisions of this Agreement with valid and enforceable provisions which
 will achieve, to the extent possible, the economic, business and other purposes of the void
 or unenforceable provisions. 

21.8. The
 Parties will execute and deliver such other instruments and take such other steps as may
 be necessary to fully effect this Agreement. 

21.9. The
 Parties agree that press releases and other public communications of any sort relating to
 this Agreement or the matters contemplated hereby are subject to the approval of both Parties
 hereto, such approval not to be unreasonably withheld; provided, however, that Licensee may
 make such public communications as may be required of it as a publicly traded corporation
 on the NASDAQ stock exchange in the United States of America. 

21.10. Nothing
 in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended to confer on any person other than the
 Parties hereto, or their respective permitted successors and assigns, any benefits, rights
 or remedies. All titles and article headings contained in this Agreement are inserted only
 as a matter of convenience and reference. They do not define, limit, extend or describe the
 scope of this Agreement or the intent of any of its provisions. 

21.11. Neither
 Licensee nor Licensor shall settle or compromise any claim or action in a manner that imposes
 any material restrictions or obligations on the other Party without such other Party s
 prior written consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld. 

21.12. This
 Agreement may be executed electronically and in counterparts and signature pages may delivered
 by electronic transmission, each of which will be deemed an original, and both of which together
 will constitute one and the same instrument. 

21.13. Notwithstanding
 anything hereinabove to the contrary, where approval is required by the IIA in order to engage
 in any act contemplated under this Agreement, such approval shall be deemed a condition precedent
 for such act. 

21.14. Guarantee.
 Guarantor hereby agrees to be bound by the terms and conditions of Exhibit C until such time
 as this Agreement is assigned to a third party, in which event the guarantee in Exhibit C
 shall only apply to obligations of Licensee which have accrued up until the date of the assignment. 

[SIGNATURE
PAGE FOLLOWS] 

20 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, Licensor and Licensee are duly authorized for themselves and their Affiliates and have caused this Agreement to
be executed by their duly authorized representatives as of the dates written below. 

SCIVAC LTD. 

By: 
 /s/ Jeffrey Baxter 

Jeffrey Baxter 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

Date: 
 October 18, 2022 

VBI VACCINES INC. 

By: 
 /s/ Jeffrey Baxter 

Jeffrey Baxter 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

Date: 
 October 18, 2022 

FERRING INTERNATIONAL CENTER S.A. 

By: 
 /s/ Curt McDaniel 

Curt McDaniel 

Title: 
 Senior Vice President and Chief Legal Officer 

Date: 
 October 18, 2022 

By: 
 /s/ Dominic Moorhead 

Dominic Moorhead 

Title: 
 Executive VP and Chief Financial Officer 

Date: 
 October 18, 2022 

List
of Exhibits 

A 
 Specifications 
 
 B 
 Countries 
 
 C 
 Guarantee 

21 

EXHIBIT
A 

 Specifications 

[ ] 

22 

EXHIBIT
B 

 Countries 

[ ] 

23 

EXHIBIT
C 

 Guarantee 

1.
 Guarantee . The Guarantor hereby guarantees to Licensor as a primary obligor and not merely as a surety, the due and punctual payment
of all of the obligations of Licensee and for the due and punctual performance of its obligations under this Agreement (the Guaranteed
Obligations ). The Guarantor agrees that its guarantee hereunder constitutes a guarantee of payment when due and not of collection,
and waives any right to require as a condition to its obligations hereunder that any resort be had by Licensor. The Guarantor waives
demand of payment from to the Licensor of any of the Guaranteed Obligations, filing of claims with a court in the event of insolvency
or bankruptcy of the Licensee, any right to require a proceeding first against the Licensee. 

2.
 No Limitations, Etc. The Guarantor agrees that (to the fullest extent permitted by law) its obligations hereunder are unconditional
and shall not be subject to any defense or setoff, counterclaim, recoupment or termination whatsoever by reason of the invalidity, illegality
or unenforceability of the Guaranteed Obligations (other than the defense of payment or performance) or the absence of any action to
enforce the same or waiver or consent with respect to any provisions hereof or thereof. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing,
to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the guarantees of Guarantor shall not be discharged or impaired or otherwise affected
by, and Guarantor hereby waives any defense to the enforcement hereof by reason of, any circumstance (other than the defense of payment
or performance) (including without limitation, any statute of limitations) that might otherwise constitute a legal or equitable discharge
of, Licensee. 

3.
 Reinstatement . The Guarantor agrees that its guarantee hereunder shall continue to be effective, or be reinstated, as the case
may be, if at any time, payment, or any part thereof, of any of the Guaranteed Obligations is rescinded or must otherwise be restored
or returned by any court of competent jurisdiction upon the insolvency, bankruptcy, dissolution, liquidation or reorganization of Licensee,
or upon or as a result of the appointment of a receiver, intervenor or conservator of, or trustee or similar officer for, Licensee or
any substantial part of its property, or otherwise, all as though such payments had not been made. In the event that any payment, or
any part thereof, of any of the Guaranteed Obligations is rescinded, reduced, restored or returned upon the insolvency, bankruptcy, dissolution,
liquidation or reorganization of Licensee, or upon or as a result of the appointment of a receiver, intervenor or conservator of, or
trustee or similar officer for, Licensee or any substantial part of its property, or otherwise, the Guaranteed Obligation shall, to the
fullest extent permitted by law, be reinstated and deemed reduced only by such amount paid or performed and not so rescinded, reduced,
restored or returned. 

4.
 Further Agreements . The Guarantor also hereby agrees to pay any and all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses (including reasonable
counsel fees and expenses) incurred by Licensor in enforcing any rights hereunder. 

5.
 Amendments with respect to the Guaranteed Obligations . The Guarantor shall remain obligated hereunder notwithstanding that, without
any reservation of rights against the Guarantor and without notice to or further assent by the Guarantor, any demand for payment of any
of the Guaranteed Obligations made by Licensor may be rescinded by Licensor and any of the Guaranteed Obligations continued, and the
Guaranteed Obligations, or the liability of any other person or entity for any part thereof, or right of offset with respect thereto,
may, from time to time, in whole or in part, be renewed, extended, amended, modified, , compromised, waived, surrendered or released
by Licensor, and this Agreement and any other documents executed and delivered in connection therewith may be amended, modified, supplemented
or terminated, in whole or in part, as Licensor and Licensee may deem advisable from time to time. 

24 

</EX-10.50>

<EX-10.51>
 7
 ex10-51.htm

Exhibit
10.51 

[ ]
Certain information has been excluded pursuant to Regulation S-K, Item 601(b)(10)(iv) from this Document because it is both not material
and is the type that the registrant treats as private or confidential. 

Business
Confidential Protected B 

THIS
IS AN AMENDING AGREEMENT 

BETWEEN: 
 NATIONAL
 RESEARCH COUNCIL OF CANADA 

a
 departmental corporation of the Government of Canada 

whose
 head office address is: 

1200
 Montreal Road 

Ottawa,
 Ontario K1A 0R6 
 (called
 the NRC 

AND: 
 VARIATION
 BIOTECHNOLOGIES INC. 

A
 corporation incorporated under the laws of Canada 

whose
 registered office address is located at: 

310
 Hunt Club Road East, Suite 201 

Ottawa,
 Ontario K1H 7A6 
 (called
 the Collaborator or VBI 

(Individually
called a Party and collectively called the Parties 

WHEREAS
 the Parties entered into an Agreement signed by the NRC on 30 March 2020, for a Project described as COVID-19 vaccine evaluation 
(hereinafter called the Original Agreement 

WHEREAS
 the Parties amended the Original Agreement, first on 21 December 2020 to add additional scope of work (called Amendment One ),
a second amendment on July 8, 2021 (called Amendment Two ), a third amendment on 28 August 2021 Amendment Three ),
a fourth amendment was executed on 15 November 2021 Amendment Four ), a fifth amendment on 08 February 2022 Amendment
Five and a sixth amendment on April, 28, 2022 Amendment Six ). The Original Agreement, Amendment One, Amendment
Two, Amendment Three, Amendment Four, Amendment Five and Amendment Six collectively called The Agreements . 

WHEREAS
 the Parties wish to execute a seventh amendment to make changes to the Statement of Work due to insufficient results collected to
date, as well as to add new tasks 

IN
CONSIDERATION of the mutual covenants hereunder, the Parties agree as follows: 

1. 
 The
 Agreements shall be read with the amended terms stated below. With respect to all other unmodified terms, the Parties confirm the
 Original Agreement. 

2. 
 The
 attached Statement of Work and Deliverables amends the Statements of Work and Deliverables listed in The Agreements and adds additional
 scope of work for clone #20. For clarity, the changes are more fully described in the Background section of the attached Statement
 of Work. 

3. 
 The
 total value of the work defined in the attached Statement of Work and Deliverables is estimated to be . 

4. 
 VBI
 is a Canadian Small and Medium Enterprise (SME) and benefits from a Fee Reduction of for the work associated with this Amendment.
 The Collaborator hereby warrants that, at the time of signing this Agreement, it is a SME and has 500 or fewer full-time equivalent
 employees. 

HHT - Immunobiology NRC Internal Use: A-0045480 Page 1 of 3 

5. 
 The
 amount that VBI will pay to the NRC for the additional work detailed in this Amendment Seven is . 

6. 
 The
 Invoicing Schedule for Task 1.21 listed in The Agreements is hereby revised as follows: 

Delete: 

 Upon
completion of Task 1.21 Amount Due: 

and
replace with: 

 Upon
completion of Task 1.21.1 Amount Due: and 

 Upon
completion of Task 1.21.2 Amount Due: . 

7. 
 The
 following new invoicing schedule is added: 

Invoicing
 Schedule 
 Amount
 Due 
 
 Upon
 signature of Amendment 7, for the additional plating for Task 2.9.2 
 CAD

plus
applicable taxes 

8. 
 The
 expiry date, last amended in Amendment Six to be December 31, 2022 is hereby extended to a new expiry date of December 31, 2023.
 The Parties agree that Project work performed between December 31, 2022 and this Amendment is subject to the terms and conditions
 of The Agreements and this Amendment Seven. This Amendment will be effective on the date of the last Party s signature. 

9. 
 This
 Amendment may be executed in one or more counterparts and by the different Parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which
 when executed shall be deemed to be an original but all of which taken together shall constitute one valid and binding Agreement.
 A facsimile copy or portable document format (PDF) copy of an executed counterpart signature page will be as valid as an originally
 executed counterpart for purposes of signing this Amendment Seven. 

SIGNED
 by VBI at Ottawa, Ontario 

VARIATION
 BIOTECHNOLOGIES INC. 

Date:
 February 28, 2023 
 Per: 
 /s/
 Jeffrey Baxter 

Name: 
 Jeffrey
 Baxter 

Title: 
 CEO 

SIGNED
 by the NRC at Ottawa, Ontario , Canada 

NATIONAL
 RESEARCH COUNCIL OF CANADA 

Date:
 February 28, 2023 
 Per: 
 /s/ Lakshmi Krishnan 

Lakshmi Krishnan 

Vice President, Life Sciences Division 

HHT - Immunobiology NRC Internal Use: A-0045480 Page 2 of 3 

STATEMENT
OF WORK AND DELIVERABLES 

PROJECT
CONTACTS 

Role 
 
 Name 
 
 Phone 
 
 e-mail 
 
 Client
 Technical Contact 

Dr.
 Catalina Soare 

Client
 Business 
 Contact 
 
 Dr.
 Leigh O Hara 

NRC
 Project Leader (Technical Contact) 

Dr.
 Alaka Mullick 

NRC
 Project Managers 
 
 Dao
 Ly 
 Krista
 Melville 

NRC
 Business Contact 
 
 Dr.
 Paul Payette 

-end- 

HHT - Immunobiology NRC Internal Use: A-0045480 Page 3 of 3 

</EX-10.51>

<EX-23.1>
 9
 ex23-1.htm

Exhibit
23.1 

CONSENT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We
consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements of VBI Vaccines, Inc. and Subsidiaries (the
 Company on Form S-3 (No. 333-267109) and Form S-8 (Nos. 333-267114, 333-259282, 333-240268, 333-226261 and
333-212160) of our report dated March 13, 2023, on our audits of the consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2022 and
2021 and for each of the years then ended, which report is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be filed on or about March
13, 2023. Our report includes an explanatory paragraph about the existence of substantial doubt concerning the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern. 

/s/
EisnerAmper LLP 

EISNERAMPER
LLP 

 Iselin,
New Jersey 

 March
13, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 10
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I,
Jeffrey Baxter, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of VBI Vaccines Inc.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15-d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
 financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
 persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 March 13, 2023 

/s/
 Jeffrey Baxter 

Jeffrey
 Baxter 

Chief
 Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 11
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

I,
Christopher McNulty, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of VBI Vaccines Inc.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15-d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
 financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
 persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 March 13, 2023 

/s/
 Christopher McNulty 

Christopher
 McNulty 

Chief
 Financial Officer and Head of Business Development (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 12
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION 

In
connection with the annual report of VBI Vaccines Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Jeffrey Baxter, Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive
Officer) of the Company, hereby certify as of the date hereof, solely for purposes of Title 18, Chapter 63, Section 1350 of the United
States Code, that to the best of my knowledge: 

(1)
The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and 

(2)
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company at the dates and for the periods indicated. 

Date:
 March 13, 2023 

/s/
 Jeffrey Baxter 

Jeffrey
 Baxter 

Chief
 Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 13
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit
32.2 

CERTIFICATION 

In
connection with the annual report of VBI Vaccines Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Christopher McNulty, Chief Financial Officer and Head of
Business Development (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) of the Company, hereby certify as of the date hereof, solely for purposes
of Title 18, Chapter 63, Section 1350 of the United States Code, that to the best of my knowledge: 

(1)
The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and 

(2)
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company at the dates and for the periods indicated. 

Date:
 March 13, 2023 

/s/
 Christopher McNulty 

Christopher
 McNulty 

Chief
 Financial Officer and Head of Business Development (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 14
 vbiv-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 16
 vbiv-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 17
 vbiv-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 18
 vbiv-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

