<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230216_10-K_edgar_data_1757073_0001757073-23-000010.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>17214553</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>535210</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3011086</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5832433</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3914523</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3581833</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001757073-23-000010.hdr.sgml : 20230216
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230216161141
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001757073-23-000010
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		150
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230216
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230216

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Envista Holdings Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001757073
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	DENTAL EQUIPMENT & SUPPLIES [3843]
		IRS NUMBER:				832206728
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39054
		FILM NUMBER:		23638631

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 S. KRAEMER BLVD., BLDG. E
		CITY:			BREA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92821
		BUSINESS PHONE:		714-817-5418

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 S. KRAEMER BLVD., BLDG. E
		CITY:			BREA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92821

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	DH Dental Holding Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20181025

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001757073-23-000010.txt : 20230216

10-K
 1
 nvst-20221231.htm
 10-K

nvst-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 ____________________________________ 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) , 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: - 
 Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 NONE 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
 No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
 Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). 
 Yes No 
 As of February 10, 2023, the number of shares of the Registrant s common stock outstanding was . The aggregate market value of the common stock of the Registrant held by non-affiliates on July 1, 2022, the last business day of the Registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was billion (based upon the closing price of 39.14 of the Registrant's common stock as reported on the New York Stock Exchange on such date). 
 ____________________________________ 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 PAGE INFORMATION RELATING TO FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 1 
 PART I 
 Item 1. Business 
 2 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 22 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 50 
 Item 2. Properties 
 50 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 50 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 50 
 PART II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 51 
 Item 6. Reserved 
 52 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 53 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 69 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 69 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 119 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 119 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 119 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 119 
 PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 120 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 120 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 120 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 120 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 120 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 
 121 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 121 

INFORMATION RELATING TO FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 Certain statements included or incorporated by reference in this Annual Report are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. federal securities laws. All statements other than historical factual information are forward-looking statements, including without limitation statements regarding: projections of revenue, expenses, profit, profit margins, tax rates, tax provisions, cash flows, pension and benefit obligations and funding requirements, our liquidity position or other projected financial measures; management s plans and strategies for future operations, including statements relating to anticipated operating performance, cost reductions, restructuring activities, new product and service developments, competitive strengths or market position, acquisitions and the integration thereof, divestitures, spin-offs, split-offs or other distributions, strategic opportunities, securities offerings, stock repurchases, dividends and executive compensation; growth, declines and other trends in markets we sell into; future regulatory approvals and the timing thereof; outstanding claims, legal proceedings, tax audits and assessments and other contingent liabilities; future foreign currency exchange rates and fluctuations in those rates; the anticipated timing of any of the foregoing; assumptions underlying any of the foregoing; and any other statements that address events or developments that Envista intends or believes will or may occur in the future. Terminology such as believe, anticipate, should, could, intend, will, plan, expect, estimate, project, target, may, possible, potential, forecast and positioned and similar references to future periods are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements are accompanied by such words. Forward-looking statements are based on assumptions and assessments made by our management in light of their experience and perceptions of historical trends, current conditions, expected future developments and other factors they believe to be appropriate. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to the risks and uncertainties set forth under Item 1A. Risk Factors in this Annual Report. 
 Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and actual results may differ materially from the results, developments and business decisions contemplated by our forward-looking statements. Accordingly, you should not place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements contained herein speak only as of the date of this Annual Report. Except to the extent required by applicable law, we do not assume any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events and developments or otherwise. 

1 

PART I 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 Overview 
 Envista is a global family of more than 30 trusted dental brands, including Nobel Biocare, Ormco, DEXIS and Kerr united by a shared purpose: to partner with professionals to improve lives by digitizing, personalizing and democratizing oral care. We help our customers deliver the best possible patient care through industry-leading solutions, technologies, and services. Our diversified portfolio of solutions covers a broad range of dentists' clinical needs for diagnosing, treating, and preventing dental conditions as well as improving the aesthetics of the human smile. We offer comprehensive solutions to support implant-based tooth replacements, orthodontic treatments, digital imaging and diagnostics. We further support the dental community with leading solutions in restoratives, endodontics, rotary, infection prevention and loupes. 
 
 We were formed in 2018, as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Danaher Corporation Danaher ), to serve as the ultimate parent company of the dental platform of Danaher. On September 20, 2019, we completed our initial public offering and on December 18, 2019, Danaher completed the disposition of its ownership interest in us. 
 
 With a foundation comprised of the proven Envista Business System EBS methodology, an experienced leadership team, and a strong culture grounded in continuous improvement, commitment to innovation, and deep customer focus, we are well equipped to meet the end-to-end needs of dental professionals worldwide. We are one of the largest global dental products companies, with significant market positions in some of the most attractive segments of the dental products industry. We serve more than a million dentists in over 140 countries through one of the largest commercial organizations in the dental products industry and through our dealer partners. In 2022, we generated total sales of 2.6 billion, of which approximately 83 were derived from sales of consumables, services and spare parts. 
 
 We were built through the acquisition and integration of over 25 leading dental businesses and brands over the course of more than 15 years. Our core leadership team has been in place since 2016 and has extensive dental and healthcare industry experience and we have over 12,700 employees to execute on our purpose to partner with professionals to improve lives. Since 2016, we have leveraged EBS to streamline our operating structure, reduced our number of sites from over 230 to under 100, and significantly transformed our business. EBS is a set of lean, innovation, growth and leadership-focused tools and processes that differentiates us and underpins our competitive advantage. The application of EBS has reduced costs and business complexity, freeing up resources that we have invested in acquisitions, research and development for new product development focusing on implant-based tooth replacements, digital imaging and workflow solutions, aligners, and infection prevention as well as growing our direct sales infrastructure, especially in emerging markets (which we have historically defined as developing markets of the world, which prior to the COVID-19 pandemic, experienced extended periods of accelerated growth in gross domestic product and infrastructure, including Eastern Europe, the Middle East, Africa, Latin America and Asia (with the exception of Japan and Australia)). 
 The Dental market is large, attractive, and has a number of secular drivers that we believe will support growth for several years to come. These include the digitization of dental practices globally, which is transforming the way dentists diagnose and treat patients, leading to better clinical outcomes. In addition, we believe future growth in the dental industry will be driven by an aging population, the current under penetration of dental procedures, especially in emerging markets, improving access to complex procedures due to increasing technological innovation, an increasing demand for cosmetic dentistry, and the growth of Dental Service Organizations DSOs ), which are expected to drive increasing penetration and access to care globally. Orthodontics and implants both have less than 10 market penetration globally and are areas where we have a significant market presence. 
 We are a leading dental provider in emerging markets. In 2022, we generated approximately 563 million, or 22 , of our sales from emerging markets. Our growing scale in these markets has been driven by strategic investments in underpenetrated markets, to benefit from the future growth potential associated with expanding access to dental care in these regions. 
 Our commercial organization includes over 3,000 employees with deep clinical, product and workflow expertise who interact with customers on a daily basis. We are also a leading global provider of clinical training to enhance patient access to high-quality dental care, reaching over 250,000 dental professionals annually through more than 4,000 training and education events we directly organize. Through our trusted brands, innovative product offerings and comprehensive customer service, we have established strong relationships globally with key constituencies, including DSOs, dental specialists, general dentists, and dental laboratories. We believe the continuing expansion of our global commercial organization will provide us with significant opportunities for future growth as we increase our penetration in various geographic markets. 
 2 

Innovation is a core part of our strategy and our research and development R D expenditure has been approximately 287.3 million since 2020. We target our R D efforts to address customers unmet needs and our commercial scale gives us deep insight into all fields of dentistry. Through our investments in R D, we have supported multiple new product development initiatives, such as the DTX software suite, the N1 TM implant system, and Spark TM clear aligners, each of which is discussed in more detail below. 
 Our business is operated through two segments: Specialty Products Technologies, which is comprised of our Implant-Based Tooth Replacement and Orthodontic Solutions businesses, and Equipment Consumables , which is comprised of our Imaging Diagnostic Solutions and Everyday Dental businesses. 
 The following table presents the Company s revenues disaggregated by geographical region for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 in millions). 
 Specialty Products Technologies Equipment Consumables Total Year ended December 31, 2022 Geographical region: North America 711.1 655.3 1,366.4 Western Europe 388.9 121.1 510.0 Other developed markets 91.0 38.6 129.6 Emerging markets 407.6 155.5 563.1 Total 1,598.6 970.5 2,569.1 Year ended December 31, 2021 Geographical region: North America 668.9 659.3 1,328.2 Western Europe 366.6 125.9 492.5 Other developed markets 98.2 41.2 139.4 Emerging markets 374.1 174.7 548.8 Total 1,507.8 1,001.1 2,508.9 
 Specialty Products Technologies 
 Our Specialty Products Technologies segment develops, manufactures and markets dental implant systems, including regenerative solutions, dental prosthetics and associated treatment software and technologies, as well as orthodontic bracket systems, aligners and lab products. We typically market these products directly to end-users through our commercial organization, and 89 of our 2022 sales for this segment were direct sales. In 2022, our Specialty Products Technologies segment generated 1.6 billion of sales, representing year-over-year sales and core sales increase of 6.0 and 9.1 , respectively. In 2022, 45 of segment sales were derived from North America, 24 from Western Europe, 6 from other developed markets, and 25 from emerging markets. Sales of consumables, services and spare parts comprised 94 of segment sales in 2022. This segment is comprised of our Implant-Based Tooth Replacement and Orthodontic Solutions businesses and includes the Nobel Biocare, Ormco, Spark, Implant Direct, Alpha-Bio Tec, and Orascoptic brands among others. 
 Equipment Consumables 
 Our Equipment Consumables segment develops, manufactures and markets dental equipment and supplies used in dental offices, including digital imaging systems, software and other visualization/magnification systems; endodontic systems and related products; restorative materials, rotary burs, impression materials, bonding agents and cements; and infection prevention products. In 2022, our Equipment Consumables segment generated 1.0 billion of sales. In 2022, 68 of segment sales were derived from North America, 12 from Western Europe, 4 from other developed markets, and 16 from emerging markets. We distribute our Equipment Consumables segment products primarily through our channel partners, representing approximately 89 of sales in this segment in 2022. This segment is comprised of our Imaging Diagnostic Solutions and Everyday Dental businesses and includes the Kerr, Metrex, DEXIS, i-CAT, and DTX brands among others. 
 3 

Acquisitions and Divestitures 
 Our growth strategy contemplates future acquisitions and we continually evaluate potential acquisitions that either strategically fit with our existing portfolio or expand our portfolio into new and attractive business areas. Our operations and results can be affected by the rate and extent to which appropriate acquisition opportunities are available, acquired businesses are effectively integrated and anticipated synergies or cost savings are achieved. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we completed two acquisitions. 
 On July 5, 2022, we acquired all of the equity of Osteogenics Biomedical Inc., Allotech LLC and OBI Biologics, Inc. (together "Osteogenics") for total consideration of approximately 128.2 million, subject to certain customary adjustments as provided in the Equity Purchase Agreement dated May 17, 2022. Osteogenics develops innovative regenerative solutions for periodontists, oral and maxillofacial surgeons, and clinicians involved in implant dentistry throughout the world, and is part of the Company s Specialty Products Technologies segment. 
 On April 20, 2022, we completed the acquisition of Carestream Dental Technology Parent Limited s Carestream Dental intraoral scanner business (the Intraoral Scanner Business for total consideration of 580.3 million, including contingent consideration of 7.5 million, and subject to certain customary adjustments as provided in the Stock and Asset Purchase Agreement dated December 21, 2021 and as subsequently amended by the closing agreement dated as of April 20, 2022. The Intraoral Scanner Business manufactures, markets, sells, commercializes, distributes, services, trains, supports, and maintains operations of intraoral scanners and software, and is part of our Equipment Consumables segment. We purchased the Intraoral Scanner Business through the acquisition of certain assets and the assumption of certain liabilities as well as the acquisition of all of the equity of certain subsidiaries of Carestream Dental. 
 Additionally, on December 31, 2021, we closed the divestiture of our KaVo Treatment Unit and Instrument Business (the Divestiture ). With the Divestiture and the two recent acquisitions, we continue to make significant progress toward our long-term goal of transforming our product portfolio towards higher growth and higher margin segments of dentistry. 
 Restructuring Activities 
 We implemented significant restructuring activities across our businesses to execute our strategy, streamline operations, take advantage of available capacity and resources and to adjust our cost structure. For additional information regarding our restructuring activities, please refer to Note 20 to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report. 
 COVID-19 Impact 
 The extent of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business remains uncertain and difficult to predict because of the dynamic and evolving nature of the situation. The global impact of the outbreak continues to adversely affect many industries, and different geographies continue to reflect the effects of public health restrictions in various ways. The economic recovery following the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic is only partially underway and has been gradual, uneven and characterized by meaningful dispersion across sectors and regions with uncertainty regarding its ultimate length and trajectory. During the year ended December 31, 2022, notwithstanding improvement in many markets in which we operate due to a return to more normalized business operations, certain markets continued to be adversely impacted by COVID-19. In particular, sales decreased in China due to lockdowns early in the year and a subsequent relaxing of restrictions, which resulted in increased infection rates. 
 
 Please refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors--Risks Related to Our Business and Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for a more detailed discussion of the potential impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and associated economic disruptions, and the actual operational and financial impacts that we have experienced to date. 
 Russia-Ukraine Conflict 
 Russia s invasion of Ukraine and the global response to this invasion, including sanctions imposed by the U.S. and other countries, could have an adverse impact on our business, including our ability to market and sell products in the affected regions, potentially heightening our risk of cyber security attacks, impacting our ability to enforce our intellectual property rights in Russia, creating disruptions in the global supply chain, and potentially having an adverse impact on the global economy, financial markets, energy markets, currency rates and otherwise. Russia s invasion of Ukraine did not have a material impact on our financial position or results of operations as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

4 

General Economic Conditions 
 In addition to industry-specific factors, we, like other businesses, face challenges related to global economic conditions, including rising inflation, increasing interest rates, fluctuating foreign currency exchange rates, slowing economic growth, and continuing supply chain disruptions. Dental costs are largely out-of-pocket for the consumer and thus utilization rates can vary significantly depending on economic growth. While many of our products are considered necessary by patients regardless of the economic environment, certain products and services that support discretionary dental procedures may be more susceptible to changes in economic conditions. 
 
 Our Purpose 
 Our purpose is to partner with dental professionals to improve quality of life by digitizing, personalizing, and democratizing oral care. 
 Digitize . Our broad portfolio of diagnostic equipment and clinical software solutions empowers dental professionals to effectively capture and visualize patient anatomy allowing the clinician to develop and execute integrated, efficient, and predictable treatment plans. 
 
 Personalize . Our digitized workflows enable the development and communication of personalized treatment plans. When coupled with our world class implant and orthodontic solutions, we support clinicians in delivering confidence to patients around the world. 
 Democratize . Our integrated workflows improve the efficiency of care and accelerate the productivity of clinicians, allowing them to treat more patients with more predictable outcomes. We are committed to working with dental professionals to improve access to dental care around the world. 
 Our Strategy 
 Our strategic focus is comprised of three key elements, which are based on the EBS strategic areas of Lean, Innovation, Growth and Leadership. 
 Establish a Strong Foundation : We have been successful in the past in driving continuous improvements and margin expansion through the application of EBS. Beginning in 2016, we consolidated our operating companies, substantially reduced our manufacturing sites, consolidated sales offices, streamlined our R D organization, and centralized our direct and indirect procurement organizations. We simplified our portfolio by reducing the number of our imaging brands and exiting lower growth/margin businesses. We have also executed cost reduction initiatives. We continue to pursue a number of ongoing strategic initiatives across our operating companies relating to efficient sourcing and improvements in manufacturing and back-office support, all with a focus on continually improving quality, delivery, cost, growth and innovation. 
 
 Reinvest for Growth : Streamlining our business operations and reducing costs has allowed us to reposition ourselves to create a digital and consumable workflow-oriented portfolio. We have invested in our Specialty Products Technology segment, adding manufacturing capacity and personnel to these businesses, with plans for further investment in 2023. We intend to drive shareholder value by deploying capital to acquire or invest in other businesses that strategically fit into or extend our product offering into new or attractive adjacent markets - the recent Intraoral Scanner Business and Osteogenics acquisitions are examples of this strategy in action. We are planning to expand our clinical training and education infrastructure to further increase brand loyalty, deepen our relationships with dental practitioners and further enhance patient access to high quality dental care. We believe these investments better position us to effectively meet the needs of our customers, particularly the growing DSO segment, which values a comprehensive, end-to-end product offering with the ability to roll out new technologies and procedure-focused trainings at scale. 
 
 Maintain and Pursue Long-Term Market Leadership : As we seek to continue to improve our business and drive increased cash flow, we expect to strategically invest in innovation in order to better serve our customers and accelerate organic growth. We have invested significant resources in the following areas which we believe will help drive long-term market leadership: 
 
 Digital Workflow : We have developed our Diagnostic and Treatment Planning Software, DTX, to meet the growing demands for digital connectivity of dental practices. 
 
 5 

Specialty Products Technologies : We have launched several new products in our Orthodontic Solutions business over the past few years, which have contributed meaningfully to our overall sales in the segment. Since 2020, we have expanded capacity for our Spark clear aligners and added over 1,000 new employees to our Orthodontic Solutions business. Our R D expenditures in our Implant-Based Tooth Replacement business accelerated the development of new implant systems such as N1. We will continue to invest in our global commercial footprint and product innovation to grow our strong position in the Implant and Orthodontics markets, both of which are underpenetrated. 
 
 Emerging Markets : We are a leading dental product provider in emerging markets, with R D, product management, operations, regulatory affairs, sales and marketing, and customer service resources focused on these markets. We have built a business that generated less than 30 million in sales in 2011 to one that generated 563 million in sales in 2022. We expect to continue to invest in emerging markets as we believe this will be a strong growth driver for our business in the future. We have succeeded in emerging markets by harnessing our existing go-to-market infrastructure, building familiarity with local customer needs and regulations, and establishing dedicated locally-based management resources. 
 
 Our Industry 
 Within the global dental products industry, we believe segments such as Implant-Based Tooth Replacements, Orthodontic Treatments, and Imaging and Diagnostics Solutions will grow at a more rapid pace than the overall market. We believe future growth of the dental products industry will be driven by an aging population, the current under penetration of dental procedures, especially in emerging markets, improving access to complex procedures due to increasing technological innovation, an increasing demand for cosmetic dentistry, and growth of DSOs, which are expected to drive increasing penetration and access to care globally. 
 While both equipment and consumables represent significant expenditures for dental service providers, the sales dynamics for each differ. The sale of equipment depends on technological advancements, dentists willingness to invest in new technologies, opening of new offices and replacement demand. On the other hand, consumables are more dependent on patient volume. We believe large multi-category manufacturers that provide a broad portfolio of equipment and consumables have more recession-resilient product portfolios and can gain meaningful competitive advantage over their peers as larger customers increasingly seek package deals and consolidate suppliers, and digital dentistry adoption creates links between different products in the dental practitioners offices. 
 While the U.S. represents a significant portion of the global dental products industry, we have also been focused on building significant scale in emerging markets. Prevalence and penetration of treatments is largely tied to socio-economic factors such as availability and affordability of care. We expect generally improving economic trends and increased consumer disposable income in emerging markets, as well as advancements in technological innovation that reduces complexity and cost and increases efficiency, will help drive penetration of dental care in these under-served markets. 
 Key Segments Within the Dental Products Industry 
 Implant-Based Tooth Replacements : The implant industry is significant and enjoys higher margins and growth than the overall dental products market. The U.S. and the Greater China region represent key growth drivers for this industry. In the U.S., implant penetration far lags other developed markets such as Germany, Spain and Italy. In China, the prevalence of severe tooth loss is higher than in the U.S., while implant penetration is far below the U.S. We expect product innovation and increased affordability to help drive future growth in emerging markets. 
 Orthodontic Solutions: Traditional wires and brackets systems continue to be the preferred choice in complex and young adult cases, due to their better clinical outcomes. In recent years, clear aligners have become an increasingly popular treatment option and are expected to grow at a significantly faster pace than traditional metal wires and brackets. Clear aligners are aesthetically pleasing and clinically proven to be effective in less severe cases, which combined with technological advancements that have significantly increased the number of providers offering orthodontic treatments, have expanded the addressable market for orthodontic procedures. Going forward, we believe this product segment will continue to grow at a high pace as aesthetics become increasingly important to patients. 
 6 

Imaging Diagnostics : Imaging (both x-ray and other visualization solutions) is considered the entry-point for many dental diagnostic exams and subsequent treatments. The rapid adoption of digital technologies in the imaging segment has transformed dental practices and has increased access to care as well as the quality of care delivered to patients. We believe enhanced connectivity amongst different types of dental imaging/diagnostic equipment and integration with downstream treatment planning and treatment delivery solutions will further improve dental workflows and lead to better treatment outcomes. We believe digitalization and connectivity will continue to drive high growth in this segment. 
 Growth Drivers 
 We believe that many product offerings in our core business are underpenetrated globally and present a significant opportunity for growth through the continued penetration of our differentiated products. Beyond our core business, there are also a number of adjacent dental products, which we believe provide an opportunity to further grow and expand our product offerings in the future. 
 We believe continued growth in both the global dental industry and global dental products market will be driven by a variety of factors, including: 
 An aging population . According to the World Health Organization, in 2020 there were nearly 1 billion people aged 60 or over in the world, comprising 13 of the global population. By 2050, that number is expected to double to approximately 2.1 billion people and comprise 22 of the world s population, largely driven by aging in low and middle-income countries. With the aging of the population, prevalence of dental conditions, including edentulism (full tooth loss), dry mouth, root and coronal caries, and periodontitis, increases. As the global population continues to age, we believe older patients will help drive increased demand for dental products and services. 
 The current under penetration of dental procedures, especially in emerging markets . According to the Global Economy and Development Working Paper 100 of the Brookings Institution, it is estimated that between 2015 and 2030, the middle class population in emerging markets will grow by approximately 2.4 billion people, from 2.0 billion to 4.4 billion. This major demographic shift is generating a large, new customer base with increased access to dental products and services along with the resources to pay for them. According to the World Health Organization, the number of dentists in China is approximately 45 per 100,000 people compared to 60 in the U.S. and 85 in Germany. The expansion of training opportunities for dental professionals in emerging markets is also leading to increased patient awareness and access to premium dental products and procedures, further facilitating the market s growth. 
 Improving access to complex procedures due to increasing technological innovation . The market for digital dental solutions has grown substantially in recent years due to increased demand from dentists and dental professionals for increased efficiency and better product workflows, with rapid adoption of these technologies not only in the U.S. and Europe, but also in emerging markets. Digital dental solutions enhance the workflow of dentists from diagnostics to treatment. Providing better diagnostics allows dentists to more effectively treat patient needs, often at lower cost. Beyond diagnostics, digital dental solutions are also increasingly being utilized in implant, orthodontic and restorative treatment planning. This simplifies case planning and execution, which is especially relevant for newer dentists as technology helps to de-skill complex procedures and increase outcome predictability. 
 An increasing demand for cosmetic dentistry . Increased awareness of the importance of oral health maintenance and increasing consumer focus on cosmetic dentistry continues to act as a meaningful growth driver for the global dental industry. Orthodontic procedures are increasingly aesthetically driven as evidenced by the rapid adoption of clear aligners. We believe aesthetically-driven patients seeking an increasing number of tooth replacement procedures and teeth straightening procedures will continue to drive the demand for dental implants and aligners. 
 Growth of DSOs, which are expected to drive increasing penetration and access to dental care globally . In the U.S. and globally, increasing demand for dental services has driven the growth of alternative care delivery networks. DSOs in the U.S. are focused on underserved markets where access to general as well as complex dental care is relatively underpenetrated. Globally, growth of private insurance as well as private provider networks provide access to more complex procedures that are not covered under social insurance. We believe the continued growth of these care delivery networks will increase demand for dental products and more complex procedures which require more advanced technologies. 
 7 

Our Competitive Strengths 
 We believe we have significant competitive strengths, including: 
 Envista Business System . We believe our deep-rooted commitment to EBS helps drive our success and market leadership and differentiates us in the dental industry. EBS encompasses not only lean tools and processes, but also methods for driving innovation, growth and leadership. Within the EBS framework, we pursue a number of ongoing strategic initiatives relating to streamlining business operations, portfolio simplification, reduction of costs, redeployment of resources, customer insight generation, product development and commercialization, efficient sourcing, and improvement in manufacturing and back-office support, all with a focus on continually improving quality, delivery, cost, growth and innovation. 
 
 Brand leadership with a long track record and strong brand recognition . We built our business around brands with long histories of innovation and strong brand recognition in the dental products market. The founder of Nobel Biocare introduced the world s first dental implant and Nobel Biocare has since become a world leader in the field of innovative implant-based tooth replacements. Ormco has over 60 years of distinguished history providing orthodontists with high quality, innovative products. Multiple brands within our Imaging Diagnostic Solutions and Everyday Dental businesses have more than 100 years of history in dental products. We believe the long history and leadership of our well-known brands in the dental products industry enhances our connections with both patients and providers and supports our strong market position. 
 
 Attractive portfolio with leadership in key attractive segments . We believe we have one of the most attractive offerings in the industry, enabling us to be a vendor of choice for many dental practitioners, dental laboratories, distributors and DSOs. The breadth and depth of our product offerings address a broad range of dentists clinical needs from consumables to digital equipment solutions. Our catalog of products covers the spectrum from value-focused products to premium brands, allowing providers to fully address patient needs in different market segments. Within our product portfolio, we believe we are one of the largest manufacturers in implants and orthodontics and have one of the largest installed bases of imaging devices. Our broad product offering positions us particularly well to serve the needs of DSOs, which have been one of the fastest growing segments of our customer base. 
 Global commercial reach . Our operating companies serve more than a million dentists in over 140 countries through one of the largest customer-facing sales teams in the dental products industry and through a diverse, global dealer network. We believe our diverse sales channels, global manufacturing and distribution, and local market knowledge help us to better address customers needs. We are also a leading global provider of clinical training to enhance patient access to high-quality dental care. In 2022, we generated 51 of our sales from markets outside of the U.S. 
 Strong position in emerging markets . Emerging markets represented 22 of our total sales in 2022. We are a leading dental provider in emerging markets with dedicated R D, product management, operations, regulatory affairs, sales and marketing, and customer service resources focused on these markets. With this structure, we believe that we are well positioned to capture additional share in emerging markets. 
 Track record of innovation . Our operating companies have a long track record of successful innovation, having pioneered many new dental product categories since their inception. Our strong commercial infrastructure allows us to obtain insights into unmet needs at the practitioner level and translate them into differentiated products. Our focus on innovation has yielded many differentiated products over the years, such as NobelActive dental implants, Damon bracket and wire system and i-CAT 3D imaging system. Our new product development activities are complemented by externally sourcing technologies through a broad network of partnerships, collaborations, and investments involving third-party research institutions, universities and innovative start-up companies. 
 Experienced management team with extensive dental industry experience . Our executive officer team has extensive dental and healthcare industry experience and a proven track record of applying EBS to execute on our strategic and operational goals. Under their leadership, we have undertaken a significant transformation to better position our business for organic and inorganic growth and diversify our sales globally. We believe our management team will continue to drive growth and profitability in our business in the future. 
 8 

Our Business Segments 
 The table below describes the percentage of our total annual sales attributable to each of our segments over each of the three years ended December 31, 2022. For additional information regarding sales, operating profit and identifiable assets by segment, please refer to Note 23 in our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report. 
 2022 2021 2020 Specialty Products Technologies 62 60 58 Equipment Consumables 38 40 42 
 Specialty Products Technologies 
 Our Specialty Products Technologies segment, including our Nobel Biocare and Ormco brands, develops, manufactures and markets dental implant systems, including regenerative solutions, dental prosthetics and associated treatment software and technologies, as well as orthodontic bracket systems, aligners and lab products. We have a strong direct relationship with our customers through a sales force of more than 2,300 employees. In 2022, direct sales to end-users represented 89 of segment sales and sales from consumables, services and spare parts comprised 94 of segment sales. We believe strong industry fundamentals and new product solution introductions in this segment will continue to drive substantial growth for us. 
 Implant-Based Tooth Replacements 
 We are a world leader in the field of innovative implant-based tooth replacements offering a full portfolio of solutions that enable dentists to deliver single-tooth to full-mouth restorations. One of our brands, Nobel Biocare is the pioneer of implant science grounded in clinical research and has introduced a number of solutions that have become widely adopted in the premium implant industry. Our comprehensive product offering includes dental implant systems, guided surgery systems, biomaterials, and prefabricated and custom-built prosthetics. We also offer a comprehensive education program to fully train our broad range of clinical customers, from clinicians performing basic implant procedures to the most advanced practitioners, with the goal of enhancing patient access to high-quality dental care. Our customers include oral surgeons, prosthodontists and periodontists. Other well-known implant brands in our portfolio include Alpha-Bio Tec, Implant Direct, and Nobel-Procera TM . 
 
 The table below provides a summary description of select solutions and products offered by our Implant-Based Tooth Replacement business: 

9 

Our Implant-Based Tooth Replacement brands have a long history of innovation, which include both the first documented case of a titanium implant placement in a human and introduction of the concept of living bone adhering to an artificial implant (known as osseointegration). Today, our Nobel Biocare brand offers several implant systems and is integrating them with the DTX suite of software applications described below. Currently, NobelActive is our top implant system in terms of sales and number of placements. NobelActive offers high primary stability allowing patients to receive and use prosthetics the same day as the implant is placed. The most recent example of our innovation leadership is the N1 implant system, which was launched in Europe in 2020 and received clearance from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration in 2021, with authorization for sale in further regions pending, and which we believe will be a significant product and will simplify the implant procedure. N1 s unique implant and site preparation method was created with the goal to reduce complexity and streamline workflows during implant and restorative procedures. Through our Implant Direct and Alpha-Bio Tec value implant businesses, we also offer a variety of implant systems that cover a broad range of price points in the market. Implant Direct also offers a complete prosthetic portfolio which includes our SMARTbase abutments. Our recent Osteogenics acquisition added innovative regenerative solutions to our portfolio. 
 Since being acquired in 2014, Nobel Biocare has focused on reinvigorating its product offerings and has released over 30 new products. Among these are, the comprehensive software packages DTX Studio Implant, which is used for treatment planning of dental implants, and DTX Studio Lab, which is used for prosthetics treatment planning. These software packages are now integrated in our broader DTX software suite, which also includes the new DTX Studio Clinic software package offered with our imaging devices. With DTX, clinicians can use one software ecosystem from image acquisition and diagnosis to treatment planning, implant surgery, and restoration planning and placement, as well as collaborate with treatment partners such as other dentists or laboratories on one digital platform. We believe this will enable significant clinical workflow efficiencies and more predictable clinical outcomes. 
 Orthodontic Solutions 
 For over 60 years, our Orthodontic Solutions businesses have provided orthodontic professionals with high quality, innovative products backed by educational support to enhance the lives of their patients. We are a leading manufacturer and provider of advanced orthodontic technology and services designed to move malpositioned teeth and jaws. Our products include brackets and wires, tubes and bands, archwires, clear aligners, digital orthodontic treatments, retainers, and other orthodontic laboratory products, and are marketed under the Ormco TM , Damon TM , Insignia TM , AOA TM and Spark TM brands. We also offer a comprehensive education system to fully train our clinical customers from basic to the most advanced movements, with the goal of enhancing patient access to high-quality dental care. Customers of our Orthodontic Solutions are primarily orthodontists. 
 
 The table below provides a summary description of select solutions and products offered by our Orthodontic Solutions business: 

We are a leader in passive self-ligating metal brackets, marketed as the Damon System. Passive self-ligation is a method of moving teeth using a fraction of the force levels required by brackets that utilize ligatures. In 2018, we launched our next generation product, DQ2 TM , which offers twice the rotational control as the predecessor bracket, allowing for optimal precision, predictability and efficiency. In 2018, we launched Symetri Clear, an advanced aesthetic ceramic bracket designed for refined strength, patient comfort and easy debonding without fracturing. In 2019, we launched SmartArch , a patented laser-engineered archwire designed to enable clinicians to move into a finish wire after just two archwires, reducing treatment time. In 2021, we launched the Damon Ultima TM System, a revolutionary passive self-ligation braces technology that is the first true full-expression system designed for faster and more precise finishing. Most recently, in 2022 we launched the Ultima TM Hook, the only re-positionable hook designed to save time for doctors. 
 10 

Having historically focused on brackets and wires, we commercially launched our clear aligner system in several markets including North America, Europe, and China. Spark is a clear aligner system designed for mild to complex malocclusion that is made with TruGEN and TruGEN XR , the latest generation of aligner material. It is designed to deliver higher sustained force retention for efficiency and a high level of transparency for aesthetics. Spark aligners are also designed with polished, scalloped edges to enhance patient comfort. Over the past three years, we launched a suite of upgrades to our Spark clear aligner Approver software designed to improve the customer experience with flexibility and customization features. In addition, we introduced a number of new aligner features including TruRoot for Spark Clear Aligners that allow doctors to see actual roots in the treatment plan; and Spark s Integrated Hooks, the innovative alternative to traditional hooks and button cutouts. We also partnered with industry leading intra oral scanner companies as part of our commitment to making imaging integrations seamless. We believe that Spark will provide growth opportunities for our Orthodontic Solutions business over the next several years. 
 Equipment Consumables 
 Our Equipment Consumables segment develops, manufactures and markets dental equipment and supplies used in dental offices, including digital imaging systems, software and other visualization/magnification systems; endodontic systems and related products; restorative materials, rotary burs, impression materials, bonding agents and cements; and infection prevention products. Products in this segment are sold primarily through dental distributors, with 89 of segment sales for the year ended December 31, 2022 made through our channel partners. Sales from consumables, services and spare parts comprised approximately 65 of segment sales in 2022. 
 Imaging Diagnostic Solutions 
 Our Imaging Diagnostic Solutions business is focused on imaging, X-ray, and intraoral scanner solutions used in dental offices, clinics and hospitals. The dental imaging business was primarily established through the acquisition of Gendex in 2004 and PaloDEx TM Group Oy in 2009, but also includes products from numerous other acquisitions, including the acquisition of Carestream s Intraoral Scanner business in 2022. Our equipment products are marketed under a variety of brands, including DEXIS, Gendex, and i-CAT. 
 The table below provides a summary description of select solutions and products offered by our Imaging Diagnostic Solutions business: 

Our Imaging business was the pioneer in 2D/panoramic and 3D imaging and has one of the largest installed bases of dental imaging devices in the industry with over 150,000 imaging devices currently utilized in dental practices. We hold a leading position in 3D imaging through the i-CAT and DEXIS brands. The i-CAT FLX V17 is the business latest 3D CBCT offering and features a wide range of field of views, enabling a clinician to capture high quality images of the full oral-facial complex at high resolution with low radiation. This helps clinicians to more effectively treat orthodontics, complex oral surgery, implantology and airway cases. Beginning in 2017, we launched the OP3D TM family, a scalable modular imaging system, providing clinicians with the flexibility to upgrade to the latest 3D imaging technology as they expand their capabilities and grow their practices. Our DEXIS brand is an industry leader in intraoral X-Ray digital sensors, which provide two-dimensional images of the mouth. The DEXIS Titanium TM is our flagship sensor and captures high quality images with low radiation and has advanced durable materials that make it highly reliable. Our acquisition of the Intraoral Scanner Business in April 2022 added intraoral scanners and related software to our Imaging portfolio. 
 
 11 

The DTX Studio Clinic software package is offered on many of our imaging products, allowing dental professionals to store and access a broad variety of clinical patient images (e.g., 2D/3D/IOS/pictures) in one place. In combination with the DTX Studio Implant and DTX Studio Lab software packages, clinicians can use one software ecosystem from image acquisition and diagnosis to treatment planning, implant surgery and restoration planning and placement, as well as collaborate with treatment partners such as other dentists or laboratories on one digital platform. We believe this will enable significant clinical workflow efficiencies and more predictable clinical outcomes. 
 Everyday Dental Solutions 
 Our Everyday Dental business markets a broad offering of general dental products that are used in dental offices, clinics and hospitals. The business was primarily established through the acquisition of Sybron Dental Specialties in 2006, as well as numerous other acquisitions. Our products are marketed under a variety of brands, including Kerr TM , Metrex TM , Total Care, Pentron TM , Optibond TM , Harmonize TM , Sonicfill TM , Sybron Endo TM and CaviWipes TM . 
 The table below provides a summary description of select solutions and products offered by our Everyday Dental business: 

Our products have strong brand and product recognition across many product categories, including restorative, endodontics, and infection control. We offer several products designed to repair and restore fractured or otherwise damaged teeth. The SonicFill composite bulk fill system replaces conventional time-consuming, multi-stage layering techniques with a single fill system that eliminates a liner or final capping layer. We also offer cements and bonding agents, including the leading OptiBond TM line of products. Our Endodontics business offers a variety of products used in the endodontic workflow which help clinicians to locate, shape, clean and fill root canals. We also produce curing lights and other products including impression materials, burs, amalgams and waxes under several brands. During 2020, we launched SimpliShade TM , a universal composite featuring three shades resulting in quicker shade-matching, leading to faster chair times and streamlining restoration workflows and inventory management. In 2022, we introduced the ZenFlex ONE file system for endodontic root canal procedures, offering high cutting efficiency and minimal invasiveness at an affordable price. 
 Through our Metrex brand, we have a significant position within infection prevention products, which include the CaviWipes and CaviCide TM product lines and are well positioned in both the dental and general medical market segments. In 2022, we launched CaviWipes HP, the newest member of the CaviWipes family providing a fast one minute universal contact time from an alcohol-free hydrogen peroxide formulation that qualifies for the EPA s Emerging Viral Pathogen claim. 
 International Operations 
 We are a global dental company. Our products and services are available worldwide, and our principal markets outside the U.S. are in Europe, Asia, the Middle East and Latin America. In 2022, we generated 53 of our sales in North America, 20 of our sales in Western Europe, 22 of our sales in emerging markets and 5 of our sales in other developed markets. 
 We also have operations around the world, and this geographic diversity allows us to draw on the skills of a worldwide workforce, provides greater stability to our operations, allows us to drive economies of scale, provides sales streams that may help offset economic trends that are specific to individual economies and offers us an opportunity to access new markets for products. In addition, we believe that our future growth depends in part on our ability to continue developing products and sales models that successfully target emerging markets. 
 The manner in which our products and services are sold outside the U.S. differs by business and by region. Most of our sales in non-U.S. markets are made by our subsidiaries located outside the U.S., though we also sell directly from the U.S. into non-U.S. markets through various representatives and distributors and, in some cases, directly. In countries with low sales volumes, we generally sell through representatives and distributors. 
 12 

Information about the effects of foreign currency fluctuations on our business is set forth in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. For a discussion of risks related to our non-U.S. operations and foreign currency exchange, please refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business and Risks Factors General Risks. 
 Sales and Distribution 
 Typical customers and end-users of our products include general dentists, dental specialists, dental hygienists, dental laboratories and other oral health professionals, including DSOs, as well as educational, medical and governmental entities and third-party distributors. These customers choose dental products based on the factors described under the section entitled Business Competition. 
 In 2022, we distributed approximately 41 of our products through third-party distributors. Certain highly technical products, such as dental implant systems, orthodontic appliances, dental laboratory equipment and consumables, and endodontic instruments and materials are typically sold directly to dental professionals and dental laboratories. 
 One customer, Henry Schein, Inc. Henry Schein ), accounted for approximately 11 of our sales for 2022, 12 of our sales for 2021 and 11 of our sales for 2020. Other than Henry Schein, no single customer accounted for more than 10 of combined sales in 2022, 2021, or 2020. 
 While a sizable portion of our sales are derived from distributors, most of our marketing and advertising activities are directed towards the end-users of our products (e.g., dentists, hygienists and other oral health professionals, DSOs, laboratories and universities). In addition to our marketing efforts, as noted above, we conduct significant training and education programs globally for these end-users to enhance patient access to high-quality dental care. In these programs, our employees and/or experts in the respective clinical fields demonstrate the proper use of our products. We maintain educational and consulting relationships with key experts who assist us in developing new products, new indicated uses for our products and educational programs for health care providers and consumers. We also maintain educational and consulting relationships with dental associations around the world. 
 Research and Development 
 We invest substantially in the development of new products. We conduct research and development activities for the purpose of designing and developing new products and applications that address customer needs and emerging trends, as well as enhancing the functionality, effectiveness, ease of use and reliability of our existing products. Our research and development efforts include internal initiatives as well as collaborations with external parties such as research institutions, dental and medical schools and initiatives that use licensed or acquired technology. We expect to continue investing in research and development at a rate consistent with our past practice, with the goal of maintaining or improving our competitive position, and entering new markets. 
 We generally conduct research and development activities on a business-by-business basis, primarily in North America, the Middle East, Asia and Europe. We anticipate that we will continue to make significant expenditures for research and development as we seek to provide a continuing flow of innovative products to maintain and improve our competitive position. For a discussion of the risks related to the need to develop and commercialize new products and product enhancements, please refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business. Customer-sponsored research and development was not significant in 2022, 2021 or 2020. 
 Intellectual Property 
 We own numerous patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets and licenses to intellectual property owned by others. Although in the aggregate our intellectual property is important to our operations, we do not consider any single patent, trademark, copyright, trade secret or license to be of material importance to any segment or to the business as a whole. Our products and technologies are protected by over 1,900 granted patents. From time to time, we engage in litigation to protect our intellectual property rights. For a discussion of risks related to our intellectual property, please refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business. All capitalized brands and product names throughout this document are trademarks owned by, or licensed to, us. 
 13 

Human Capital Resources 
 As of December 31, 2022, we employed approximately 12,700 persons, of whom approximately 3,000 were employed in the U.S. and approximately 9,700 were employed outside of the U.S. We have collective bargaining arrangements and union contracts in certain countries, particularly in Europe where certain of our employees are represented by unions and/or works councils. For a discussion of risks related to employee relations, please refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors General Risks. 
 
 Our success depends on our ability to attract, develop and retain a talented employee base. We aspire to help our employees thrive both personally and professionally. As part of these efforts, we strive to embody our core values, offer a competitive compensation and benefits program, foster a community where everyone feels included, respected and engaged, and provide ample professional development opportunities. 
 
 Our Board of Directors reviews human capital matters at each quarterly meeting, including periodic updates on succession planning, leadership development, talent acquisition and retention, diversity and inclusion, employee engagement, total rewards, and culture of the Company, among other topics. The Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors oversees our executive and equity compensation programs. We evaluate and manage risks relating to our human capital strategy as part of our enterprise risk management program. 
 
 Core Values 
 
 We endeavor to embody our values in everything we do and in our various programs and initiatives: 
 C ustomer Centricity 
 I nnovation 
 R espect 
 C ontinuous Improvement 
 L eadership 
 
 Compensation and Benefits Program 
 
 Our compensation programs and practices are designed to attract employees, motivate and reward performance, drive growth and support retention. We offer competitive compensation packages based on market data, which include base salary with annual merit increases and may also include annual cash performance incentives, commissions, overtime opportunities, allowances and, in some countries where these are customary, additional monthly payments. In addition, employees in select senior management roles may receive long-term compensation in the form of equity awards. We regularly review our compensation structure to ensure that we remain competitive, reward top performance, as well as to ensure internal equity. We are pleased that we maintained 99 gender pay equity in the U.S. and 99 race/ethnicity pay equity in the U.S. in 2022. In the U.S., our benefits package includes health (medical, dental vision) insurance, paid time off, paid parental leave, a retirement plan and life and disability coverage. Outside of the U.S., we offer our employees robust benefits based on local regulations and best practices of the countries in which we operate. Globally, we offer an Employee Assistance Program to all employees to support the mental health and well-being of employees and their families. 
 
 14 

Diversity and Inclusion 
 
 Our commitment to diversity and inclusion supports the ability of our employees to show up every day as their authentic selves, creating greater opportunities for teamwork, more thoughtful debate, and more reasons to celebrate. We are committed to a culture where diversity, respect, belonging and authenticity are valued. We drive diversity and inclusion by way of diverse candidate slates for executive and professional level roles and sales roles and we ensure succession plan talent is diverse in representation. We have a Diversity and Inclusion (D I) Council, consisting of leaders within the Company to drive accountability and results for our diversity and inclusion strategic efforts and initiatives. We have four standing Diversity and Inclusion Committees in the areas of talent acquisition and engagement, education and learning, events and celebrations, and global communication. We have two Employee Resource Groups: a women s and multicultural employee resource group, as well as learning events during historical heritage months throughout the year to celebrate our workforce. In 2022, we hosted multiple Company-wide D I events for our employees, customers and dental students. Additionally, we have strategically partnered with the Consortium for early career diverse talent and with historically Black colleges and universities (HBCUs) and Hispanic Serving Institutions (HSIs) to further advance our workforce diversity efforts. 
 
 Learning and Development Opportunities 
 
 We aim to empower our employees to thrive in their current roles, as well as to support employees aspirations to move into different roles. We have a promote-from-within culture with opportunities across our operating companies. We periodically assess succession planning for certain key positions and review our workforce to identify high potential employees for future growth and development. We support our employees through a multitude of training and development programs, including training on our EBS and EBS tools through our Envista Business System University, individual development plans (which encourages our employees to take charge of their learning and growth opportunities and provides access to hundreds of online courses), job rotations, and various management trainings. We also have several programs focused on early career development, including internship programs and our six-year General Management Development Program. This commitment to our employees professional development reflects both our Continuous Improvement and Leadership core values. 
 
 Employee Engagement 
 
 In 2022, we completed our second annual employee engagement survey as a standalone public company. We had a 91 participation rate in this survey, with 78 of respondents reporting feeling engaged at work and 82 believing their managers are leading effectively. The results of this survey showed improvement from our inaugural survey. We use the feedback from these surveys to better understand whether our employees have the tools, resources, training and development opportunities to succeed. We assess our employee engagement annually and future surveys will help us benchmark our progress over time and compare our results with companies in our sector. Communication is at the core of our engagement efforts and we host monthly CEO Forums for all employees, to keep our employees informed and to provide opportunities for employees globally to ask senior management questions. 
 
 Community 
 
 Our employees have a long history of providing support and care in our communities, donating time, resources, and funds to local causes. In March 2021, we leveraged our expertise in oral health and founded the Envista Smile Project, a 501(c)(3) philanthropic foundation designed to improve the smiles and oral health of disadvantaged communities by supporting increased access to oral care and oral health education. The Envista Smile Project s mission is to collaborate with dental professionals and Envista employee volunteers to donate products, treatment, and oral health education to communities in need around the world. The Envista Smile Project s giving strategy focuses on three areas: mission trips, education, and monetary donations to oral health focused, non-profit organizations. 
 
 15 

Safe Work Environment 
 
 We value the safety of our employees and in 2022, have further enhanced our safety program for remote and field-based employees. Environmental health and safety EHS significant sites, such as manufacturing, distribution, research and development sites and large offices, are supported through a combination of on-site and remote EHS professionals. Incident reporting and investigation, auditing, and corporate oversight provide for a collaborative and transparent environment to address and minimize potential gaps. 
 
 Additional information about our human capital resources, as well as information related to our sustainability efforts, is included in our annual Sustainability Report (located on the Investors subpage of our website www.envistaco.com). Information on our website, including the Sustainability Report, shall not be deemed incorporated by reference into this Form 10-K. 
 
 Materials 
 Our manufacturing operations employ a wide variety of raw materials, including metallic-based components, electronic components, chemicals, plastics and other petroleum-based products, and prices of oil and gas also affect our costs for freight and utilities. We purchase raw materials from a large number of independent sources around the world. No single supplier is material, although for some components that require particular specifications or qualifications there may be a single supplier or a limited number of suppliers that can readily provide such components. We utilize a number of techniques to address potential disruption in and other risks relating to our supply chain, including in certain cases the use of safety stock, alternative materials and qualification of multiple supply sources. During 2022, we had no raw material shortages that had a material effect on our business. For a further discussion of risks related to the materials and components required for our operations, please refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business. 
 Competition 
 Although our businesses generally operate in highly competitive markets, our competitive position cannot be determined accurately in the aggregate or by segment, since none of our competitors offer all of the same product and service lines and serve all of the same markets as we do. Because of the range of the products and services we sell and the variety of markets we serve, we encounter a wide variety of competitors, including well-established regional competitors, competitors who are more specialized than we are in particular markets, as well as larger companies or divisions of larger companies with substantial sales, marketing, research and financial capabilities. We face increased competition in a number of our served markets as a result of the entry of competitors based in low-cost manufacturing locations, and increasing consolidation in particular markets. Key competitive factors vary among our businesses and product and service lines, but include the specific factors noted above with respect to each segment and typically also include price, quality, performance, delivery speed, applications expertise, distribution channel access, service and support, technology and innovation, breadth of product, service and software offerings and brand name recognition. For a discussion of risks related to competition, please refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Industry. 
 Seasonal Nature of Business 
 Based on historical experience, we generally have more sales in the second half of the calendar year than in the first half of the calendar year, with the first quarter typically having the lowest sales of the year. Based on historical customer buying patterns, we generally have more sales in the fourth quarter than in any other quarter of the year, driven in particular by capital spending in our Equipment Consumables segment. As a result of this seasonality in sales, profitability in our Equipment Consumables segment also tends to be higher in the second half of the year. There are no assurances that these historical trends will continue in the future. 
 Regulatory Matters 
 We face extensive government regulation both within and outside the U.S. relating to the development, manufacture, marketing, sale and distribution of our products, software and services. The following sections describe certain significant regulations applicable to our operations. These are not the only regulations that our businesses must comply with. For a description of risks related to the regulations that our businesses are subject to, please refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Laws and Regulations. 
 16 

Medical Device Regulations 
 Most of our products are classified as medical devices and are subject to restrictions under domestic and foreign laws, rules, regulations, self-regulatory codes, circulars and orders, including, but not limited to, the U.S. Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the FDCA ). The FDCA requires these products, when sold in the U.S., to be safe and effective for their intended uses and to comply with the regulations administered by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (the FDA ). The FDA regulates the design, development, research, preclinical and clinical testing, introduction, manufacture, advertising, labeling, packaging, marketing, distribution, import and export and record keeping for such products. Certain medical device products are also regulated by comparable agencies in non-U.S. countries in which they are produced or sold. 
 
 Unless an exemption applies, the FDA requires that a manufacturer introducing a new medical device or a new indication for use of an existing medical device obtain either a Section 510(k) premarket notification clearance or a premarket approval PMA before introducing it into the U.S. market. The type of marketing authorization is generally linked to the classification of the device. The FDA classifies medical devices into one of three classes (Class I, II or III) based on the degree of risk the FDA determines to be associated with a device and the level of regulatory control deemed necessary to ensure the device s safety and effectiveness. 
 
 Our products are either classified as Class I or Class II devices in the U.S. Most of our Class II and certain of our Class I devices are marketed pursuant to 510(k) pre-marketing clearances. The FDA also enforces additional regulations regarding the safety of X-ray emitting devices that we currently market. The process of obtaining a Section 510(k) clearance generally requires the submission of performance data and clinical data, which in some cases can be extensive, to demonstrate that the device is substantially equivalent to a device that was on the market before 1976 or to a device that has been found by the FDA to be substantially equivalent to such a pre-1976 device. A predecessor device is referred to as predicate device. As a result, FDA clearance requirements may extend the development process for a considerable length of time. 
 
 Medical devices can be marketed only for the indications for which they are cleared or approved. After a device has received 510(k) clearance for a specific intended use, any change or modification that significantly affects its safety or effectiveness, such as a significant change in the design, materials, method of manufacture or intended use, may require a new 510(k) clearance or PMA approval and payment of an FDA user fee. The determination as to whether or not a modification could significantly affect the device s safety or effectiveness is initially left to the manufacturer using available FDA guidance; however, the FDA may review this determination to evaluate the regulatory status of the modified product at any time and may require the manufacturer to cease marketing and recall the modified device until 510(k) clearance or PMA approval is obtained. 
 
 Any devices we manufacture and distribute are subject to pervasive and continuing regulation by the FDA and certain state agencies. These include product listing and establishment registration requirements, which help facilitate FDA inspections and other regulatory actions. As a medical device manufacturer, all of our manufacturing facilities are subject to inspection on a routine basis by the FDA. We are required to adhere to the Current Good Manufacturing Practices cGMP requirements, as set forth in the Quality Systems Regulation QSR ), which require, manufacturers, including third-party manufacturers, to follow stringent design, testing, control, documentation and other quality assurance procedures during all phases of the design and manufacturing process. 
 We must also comply with post-market surveillance regulations, including medical device reporting, or MDR, requirements which require that we review and report to the FDA any incident in which our products may have caused or contributed to a death or serious injury. We must also report any incident in which our product has malfunctioned if that malfunction would likely cause or contribute to a death or serious injury if it were to recur. 
 Labeling and promotional activities are subject to scrutiny by the FDA and, in certain circumstances, by the Federal Trade Commission. Medical devices approved or cleared by the FDA may not be promoted for unapproved or uncleared uses, otherwise known as off-label promotion. The FDA and other agencies actively enforce the laws and regulations prohibiting the promotion of off-label uses. 
 In the European Union, our products are subject to the medical device laws of the various member states, which are currently based on a Directive of the European Commission. However, the EU has adopted the EU Medical Device Regulation (the EU MDR which imposes stricter requirements for the marketing and sale of medical devices, including in the area of clinical evaluation requirements, quality systems and post-market surveillance. Manufacturers of currently approved medical devices had until May 2021 to meet the requirements of the EU MDR. Complying with the EU MDR required modifications 
 17 

to our quality management systems, additional resources in certain functions, and required and will continue to require updates to technical files, among other changes. 
 
 Other Healthcare Laws 
 
 In addition to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the UK Bribery Act and similar anti-bribery laws, we are also subject to various health care related laws regulating fraud and abuse, research and development, pricing and sales and marketing practices and the privacy and security of health information, including the U.S. federal regulations described below. Many states, foreign countries and supranational bodies have also adopted laws and regulations similar to, and in some cases more stringent than, the U.S. federal regulations discussed above and below. 
 The Federal Anti-Kickback Statute prohibits persons from knowingly and willfully soliciting, offering, receiving or providing remuneration in any form (including any kickback, bribe, or certain rebate), directly or indirectly, to induce or reward the referral of business payable under a government healthcare program, such as Medicare or Medicaid, or in return for the purchase, lease, order, arranging for, or recommendation of items or services covered under a government health care program. A person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation. 
 
 The Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 HIPAA prohibits knowingly and willfully (1) executing, or attempting to execute, a scheme to defraud any health care benefit program, including private payors, or (2) falsifying, concealing or covering up a material fact or making any materially false, fictitious or fraudulent statement in connection with the delivery of or payment for health care benefits, items or services. Similar to the Federal Anti-Kickback Statute, a person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the healthcare fraud statute implemented under HIPAA or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation. 
 
 The False Claims Act imposes liability on any person or entity that, among other things, knowingly presents, or causes to be presented, a false or fraudulent claim for payment by a federal health care program, knowingly makes, uses or causes to be made or used, a false record or statement material to a false or fraudulent claim, or knowingly makes a false statement to avoid, decrease or conceal an obligation to pay money to the U.S. federal government. The qui tam provisions of the False Claims Act allow a private individual to bring actions on behalf of the federal government alleging that the defendant has submitted a false claim to the federal government, and to share in any monetary recovery. In addition, the government may assert that a claim including items and services resulting from a violation of the U.S. Federal Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the civil False Claims Act. 
 The federal Civil Monetary Penalties Law prohibits, among other things, the offering or transferring of remuneration to a Medicare or Medicaid beneficiary that the person knows or should know is likely to influence the beneficiary s selection of a particular supplier of Medicare or Medicaid payable items or services. 
 The Open Payments Act requires manufacturers of medical devices covered under Medicare, Medicaid or the Children s Health Insurance Program, subject to specific exceptions, to record payments and other transfers of value to a broad range of healthcare providers (including dentists) and teaching hospitals and to report this data as well as ownership and investments interests held by the physicians described above and their immediate family members to the Department of Health and Human Services HHS for subsequent public disclosure. Similar reporting requirements have also been enacted on the state level, and an increasing number of countries worldwide either have adopted or are considering similar laws requiring transparency of interactions with health care professionals. 
 Federal consumer protection and unfair competition laws broadly regulate marketplace activities and activities that potentially harm consumers. Analogous U.S. state laws and regulations, such as state anti-kickback and false claims laws, also may apply to our business practices, including but not limited to, research, distribution, sales and marketing arrangements and claims involving healthcare items or services reimbursed by any third-party payor, including private insurers. Further, there are state laws that require medical device manufacturers to comply with the voluntary compliance guidelines and the relevant compliance guidance promulgated by the U.S. federal government, or otherwise restrict payments that may be made to healthcare providers and other potential referral sources; state laws and regulations that require manufacturers to file reports relating to pricing and marketing information, which requires tracking gifts and other remuneration and items of value provided to healthcare professionals and entities; state and local laws requiring the registration of sales representatives; and state laws governing the privacy and security of health information in certain circumstances, many of which differ from each other in significant ways and often are not preempted by HIPAA, thus complicating compliance efforts. 
 18 

For a discussion of risks related to regulation by the FDA and comparable agencies of other countries, and the other regulatory regimes referenced above, please refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Laws and Regulations. 
 Healthcare Reform 
 In the U.S. and certain foreign jurisdictions, there have been, and we expect there will continue to be, a number of legislative and regulatory changes to the healthcare system. For example, there have been numerous political and legal efforts to expand, repeal, replace or modify the U.S. Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Affordability Reconciliation Act (collectively, the PPACA ), since the law s enactment. The U.S. Supreme Court rejected the latest such case on June 17, 2021, when the Court held that the plaintiffs lacked standing to challenge the PPACA s requirement to obtain minimum essential health insurance coverage or the individual mandate and dismissed the case without specifically ruling on the constitutionality of the PPACA. Federal regulatory agencies continue to interpret and modify PPACA regulations and guidance related to the PPACA, often as a result of presidential directives or the interplay with state law requirements. 
 
 Moreover, there has been heightened governmental scrutiny over the manner in which manufacturers set prices for their marketed products, which has resulted in several Congressional inquiries and proposed and enacted legislation designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to product pricing, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs and reform government program reimbursement methodologies for medical products. Individual states in the U.S. have also become increasingly active in implementing regulations designed to control product pricing, including price or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures and, in some cases, mechanisms to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. 
 Coverage and Reimbursement 
 Dental procedures and products are often paid for out-of-pocket. For products where third-party coverage and reimbursement is available, sales will depend, in part, on the extent to which such product will be covered by third-party payors, such as federal, state and foreign government healthcare programs, commercial insurance and managed healthcare organizations, and the level of reimbursement for such product by third-party payors. Decisions regarding the extent of coverage and amount of reimbursement to be provided are made on a plan-by-plan basis. These third-party payors are increasingly reducing reimbursements for medical products and services and, in international markets, many countries have instituted price ceilings on specific products and therapies. Price ceilings, decreases in third-party reimbursement for any product or a decision by a third-party payor not to cover a product could reduce dentist usage and patient demand for the product. 
 Data Privacy and Security Laws 
 As a global manufacturer of medical devices, having access to and processing confidential, personal and/or sensitive data in the course of our business, we are subject to U.S. (federal and state) and international data privacy, security and data breach notification laws, which may govern the collection, use, disclosure and protection of health-related and other personal and/or sensitive information. Failure to comply with these statutory requirements, or mere publication of data breaches pursuant to these statutory requirements, can subject our company to legal, regulatory, and reputational risks, as well as the financial risks that can accompany regulatory investigations and enforcement actions and private litigation. 
 
 For example, in the U.S., HIPAA privacy, security, and breach notification rules require certain of our operations to maintain controls to protect the confidentiality, availability, and integrity of patient health information. In addition, individual states regulate data breach notification requirements as well as more general privacy and security requirements. Entities that are found to be in violation of HIPAA, for example as the result of a breach of unsecured protected health information, a complaint about privacy practices, or an audit by HHS, may be subject to significant civil, criminal and administrative fines and penalties and/or additional reporting and oversight obligations if required to enter into a resolution agreement and corrective action plan with HHS to settle allegations of HIPAA non-compliance. 
 
 The Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health HITECH Act was enacted as an update to HIPAA and makes business associates of covered entities directly liable for compliance with certain HIPAA requirements, strengthens the limitations on the use and disclosure of protected health information without individual authorizations, and contemplates enforcement of noncompliance with HIPAA due to willful neglect. These changes have stimulated increased enforcement activity and enhanced the potential that health care providers will be subject to financial penalties for violations of HIPAA. In addition, the Secretary of HHS is required to perform periodic audits to ensure covered entities (and their business associates, as that term is defined under HIPAA) comply with the applicable HIPAA requirements, increasing the likelihood that a HIPAA violation will result in an enforcement action. 
 19 

In addition to the federal HIPAA regulations, most states also have laws that protect the confidentiality and security of sensitive personal information, and a minority of states explicitly include health information within the scope of the law. These state laws can differ in scope compared to HIPAA, and could apply to protect information or be triggered to report a data breach even where HIPAA does not (and vice-versa). Certain of these laws grant individuals rights to access, correct, or delete personal information, and we may be required to expend significant resources to comply with these laws. Further, all 50 states and the District of Columbia have adopted data breach notification laws that impose, in varying degrees, an obligation to notify affected persons and/or state regulators in the event of a data breach or compromise, including when their personal information has or may have been acquired by an unauthorized person. 
 
 Some state breach notification laws may also impose physical and electronic security requirements regarding the safeguarding of personal information, such as social security numbers and bank and credit card account numbers. Violation of state privacy, security, and breach notification laws can trigger significant monetary penalties or significant legal liability. In addition, certain states privacy, security, and data breach laws, including, for example, the California Consumer Privacy Act (as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act, the CCPA ), include private rights of action that may expose us to private litigation regarding our privacy and security practices and significant damages awards or settlements in civil litigation. Numerous other states have adopted within the past three years or are in the process of adopting various privacy-related laws and regulations. Complying with comprehensive state privacy laws and other existing, emerging and changing privacy requirements could cause the Company to incur substantial costs or require it to change its business practices and policies. 
 
 We are also subject to the General Data Protection Regulation GDPR ), the primary data protection law in the European Union and European Economic Area (collectively, the EU), as well as associated EU member state data protection laws and the UK GDPR in the United Kingdom. These laws impose significant requirements for covered businesses (controllers and processors) of personal data, including, for example, standards for obtaining consent from individuals to process their personal data, more robust disclosures to individuals, an individual data rights regime, timelines for data breach notifications, limitations on retention and secondary uses of information, requirements pertaining to health data and pseudonymised (i.e., deidentified) data, restrictions on data transfers outside of the EU, and obligations when we contract third-party processors in connection with the processing of personal data. The GDPR allows EU member states certain flexibility to make additional laws and regulations concerning the same issues, including, for example, further limiting the processing of genetic, biometric or health data. Failure to comply with the requirements of the GDPR may result in fines of up to 20,000,000 or up to 4 of the total worldwide annual turnover of the preceding financial year, whichever is higher. Other administrative penalties may be imposed under the applicable national data protection laws of the EU member states. 
 
 On August 20, 2021, China promulgated the Personal Information Protection Act Law PIPL ), which took effect on November 1, 2021. The PIPL imposes specific rules for processing personal information and it also specifies that the law shall also apply to personal information activities carried out outside China but for the purpose of providing products or services to PRC citizens. The PIPL carries maximum penalties of CNY50 million or 5 of the annual revenue of entities that process personal data. 
 
 Other countries throughout the world have or are in the process of passing laws that contain similar requirements to the GDPR and the PIPL. Data localization laws have also been passed or are under consideration in several countries (such as China and Russia), which require personal information relating to their citizens to be maintained on local servers and impose additional data transfer restrictions. 
 
 For a discussion of risks related to compliance with data privacy and security laws, please refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors--Risks Related to Our Business. 
 
 Environmental Laws and Regulations 
 Our operations and properties are subject to laws and regulations relating to environmental protection, including those governing air emissions, water discharges and waste management, and workplace health and safety. In addition, certain of our products are regulated by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency and comparable state regulatory agencies. For a discussion of the environmental laws and regulations that our operations, products and services are subject to and other environmental contingencies, please refer to Note 15 to our audited consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report as well as the discussion above relating to dental amalgam. For a discussion of risks related to compliance with environmental and health and safety laws and risks related to past or future releases of, or exposures to, hazardous substances, please refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Laws and Regulations. 
 20 

Export/Import Compliance 
 We are required to comply with various U.S. export/import control and economic sanctions laws, including the regulations administered by the U.S. Department of Treasury, Office of Foreign Assets Control, which implement economic sanctions imposed against designated countries, governments and persons based on U.S. foreign policy and national security considerations, and the import regulatory activities of the U.S. Customs and Border Protection. Other nations governments have implemented similar export and import control regulations, which may affect our operations or transactions subject to their jurisdictions. For a discussion of risks related to export/import control and economic sanctions laws, please refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Laws and Regulations. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 We are, from time to time, subject to a variety of litigation and other legal and regulatory proceedings and claims incidental to our business. Please refer to Note 15 to our audited consolidated financial statements in this Annual Report for more information. 
 Available Information 
 We maintain an internet website at www.envistaco.com. We make available on the Investors subpage of our website (under the link Filings Reports ), free of charge, our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, ownership reports on Forms 3, 4 and 5 and any amendments to those reports as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file or furnish such reports with the SEC. Our internet site and the information contained on or connected to that site are not incorporated by reference into this Form 10-K. 
 
 21 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together with the information included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and other documents we file with the SEC. The risks and uncertainties described below are those that we have identified as material, but are not the only risks and uncertainties facing us. Our business is also subject to general risks and uncertainties that affect many other companies, such as market conditions, economic conditions, geopolitical events, changes in laws, regulations or accounting rules, fluctuations in interest rates, terrorism, wars or conflicts, major health concerns, natural disasters or other disruptions of expected business conditions. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial also may impair our business, including our results of operations, liquidity and financial condition. 

Risk Factors Summary 
 The following is a summary of the principal risks that could adversely affect our business, operations and financial results: 
 
 Conditions in the global economy, especially with respect to the particular markets we serve and the volatility of the financial markets may adversely affect our business and financial statements. 
 International economic, political, legal compliance and business factors could negatively affect our financial statements. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has had and could continue to have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 Significant developments or uncertainties stemming from trade policies could adversely affect our business. 
 Our growth could suffer if the markets into which we sell our products and services decline. 
 Our financial results are subject to fluctuations in the cost and availability of commodities. 
 If we cannot adjust our manufacturing capacity or the purchases required for our manufacturing activities to reflect changes in market conditions and customer demand, our profitability may suffer. 
 If we suffer loss to our facilities, supply chains, distribution systems or information technology systems due to catastrophe or other events, our operations could be seriously harmed. 
 The manufacture of many of our products is a highly exacting and complex process. 
 A significant disruption in, or breach in security of, our information technology systems or data or violation of data privacy laws could adversely affect our business, reputation and financial statements. 
 Data privacy and security laws relating to the handling of personal information (including personal health information) are evolving across the world and may be drafted, interpreted or applied in a manner that results in increased costs, legal claims, fines against us, reputational damage or impedes delivery. 
 Our growth depends in part on the timely development and commercialization, and customer acceptance, of new and enhanced products and services based on technological innovation. 
 Our ability to attract, develop and retain our key personnel is critical to our success 
 Any inability to consummate acquisitions at our historical rate and at appropriate prices, and to make appropriate investments that support our long-term strategy, could negatively impact our growth rate and stock price. 
 Our acquisition of businesses, investments, joint ventures and other strategic relationships could negatively impact our financial statements. 
 The indemnification provisions of acquisition agreements by which we have acquired companies may not fully protect us and as a result we may face unexpected liabilities. 
 We may fail to realize the anticipated benefits of the IOS Acquisition. 
 Divestitures or other dispositions could negatively impact our business, and contingent liabilities from businesses that we or our predecessors have sold could adversely affect our financial statements. 
 Our rebranding of our Imaging Business and China Business will likely involve substantial costs and may not be favorably received by our customers. 
 Inventories maintained by our distributors and customers may fluctuate from time to time. 
 We are dependent upon a limited number of distributors for a significant portion of our sales. 
 If we do not or cannot adequately protect our intellectual property, or if third parties infringe our intellectual property rights, we may suffer competitive injury or expend significant resources enforcing our rights. 
 Third parties may claim that we are infringing or misappropriating their intellectual property rights and we could suffer significant litigation expenses, losses or licensing expenses or be prevented from selling products or services. 
 Defects and unanticipated use or inadequate disclosure with respect to our products or services (including software), or allegations thereof, could adversely affect our business, reputation and financial statements. 
 22 

Our restructuring actions could have long-term adverse effects on our business. 
 Climate related risks may have an impact on our business. 
 We have outstanding indebtedness of approximately 1.4 billion as of February 10, 2023, and in the future we may incur additional indebtedness. 
 We may not be able to generate sufficient cash to service all of our indebtedness. 
 We may be unable to raise the funds necessary to repurchase the convertible notes for cash following a fundamental change, or to pay any cash amounts due upon conversion. 
 The conditional conversion feature of the convertible notes, if triggered, may adversely affect our financial condition and operating results. 
 The capped call transactions may affect the value of the convertible notes and our common stock. 
 We are subject to counterparty risk with respect to the capped calls transactions. 
 Our variable rate indebtedness exposes us to interest rate volatility and we may be adversely affected by the anticipated cessation of LIBOR. 
 The industries that we serve have undergone, and are in the process of undergoing, significant changes in an effort to reduce costs. 
 We face intense competition. 
 Changes in governmental regulations may reduce demand for our products or services or increase our expenses. 
 Certain of our businesses are subject to extensive regulation by the FDA and comparable agencies of other countries. 
 Off-label marketing or misleading advertising of our products could result in substantial penalties. 
 Certain modifications to our products may require new 510(k) clearances or other marketing authorizations and may require us to recall or cease marketing our products. 
 Our operations, products and services expose us to the risk of environmental, health and safety liabilities. 
 Our businesses are subject to extensive regulation. 
 The price of our common stock may continue to be volatile. 
 Certain provisions in our governing documents and of Delaware law may prevent or delay an acquisition of us, which could decrease the trading price of our common stock. 
 Our governing documents contain exclusive forum provisions for certain types of actions and proceedings. 
 Conversion of the convertible notes may dilute the ownership interest of our stockholders. 
 The issuance or sale of shares of our common stock, or rights to acquire shares of our common stock, could depress the trading price of our common stock and the convertible notes. 
 We may be required to recognize impairment charges for our goodwill and other intangible assets. 
 Foreign currency exchange rates may adversely affect our financial statements. 
 Changes in tax law relating to multinational corporations could adversely affect our tax position. 
 We are subject to a variety of litigation and other legal and regulatory proceedings in the course of our business. 
 Work stoppages, union and works council campaigns and other labor disputes could adversely impact our productivity and results of operations. 
 Our reputation, ability to do business and financial statements may be impaired by improper conduct by any of our employees, agents or business partners. 
 
 23 

Risks Related to Our Business 
 Conditions in the global economy, especially with respect to the particular markets we serve and the volatility of the financial markets may adversely affect our business and financial statements. 
 Our business is sensitive to general economic conditions. Sustained inflation, rising interest rates, slower global economic growth, continuing supply chain disruptions, geopolitical tensions, actual or anticipated default on sovereign debt, volatility in the currency and credit markets, consumer confidence, high levels of unemployment or underemployment (and a corresponding increase in the uninsured and underinsured population), reduced levels of capital expenditures, changes or anticipation of potential changes in government trade, fiscal, tax and monetary policies, changes in capital requirements for financial institutions, government deficit reduction and budget negotiation dynamics, sequestration, austerity measures, social or political unrest, the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and other challenges that affect the global economy have previously and may continue to adversely affect us and our distributors, customers and suppliers. Our success also depends upon the continued strength of the markets we serve. In many markets, dental reimbursement is largely out of pocket for the consumer and thus utilization rates can vary significantly depending on economic growth. While many of our products are considered necessary by patients regardless of the economic environment, certain products and services that support discretionary dental procedures may be susceptible to changes in economic conditions. The above factors can have the effect of: 
 reducing demand for our products and services (in this Annual Report, references to products and services also includes software), limiting the financing available to our customers and suppliers, increasing order cancellations and resulting in longer sales cycles and slower adoption of new technologies; 
 increasing the difficulty in collecting accounts receivable and the risk of excess and obsolete inventories; 
 increasing price competition in our served markets; 
 supply interruptions, which could disrupt our ability to produce our products; 
 increasing the risk of impairment of goodwill and other long-lived assets, and the risk that we may not be able to fully recover the value of other assets such as real estate and tax assets; 
 increasing the risk that counterparties to our contractual arrangements will change their terms of sale, become insolvent or otherwise unable to fulfill their contractual obligations which, in addition to increasing the risks identified above, could result in preference actions against us; and 
 adversely impacting market sizes. 
 There can be no assurance that the capital markets will be available to us or that the lenders participating in our credit facilities will be able to provide financing in accordance with their contractual obligations. When growth in the global economy or in any of the markets we serve slows for a significant period, there is significant deterioration in the global economy or such markets or when improvements in the global economy do not benefit the markets we serve, our business and financial statements could be adversely affected. 
 International economic, political, legal, compliance and business factors could negatively affect our financial statements. 
 In 2022, 51 of our sales were derived from customers outside the U.S. In addition, many of our manufacturing operations, suppliers and employees are located outside the U.S. Since our growth strategy depends in part on our ability to further penetrate markets outside the U.S. and increase the localization of our products and services, we expect to continue to increase our sales and presence outside the U.S., particularly in the emerging markets. Our international business (and particularly our business in emerging markets) is subject to risks that are customarily encountered in non-U.S. operations, including: 
 interruption in the transportation of materials to us and finished goods to our customers; 
 differences in terms of sale, including payment terms; 
 local product preferences and product requirements; 
 changes in a country s or region s political or economic conditions, such as the devaluation of particular currencies; 
 trade protection measures, embargoes and import or export restrictions and requirements; 
 unexpected changes in laws or regulatory requirements, including changes in tax laws; 
 24 

capital controls and limitations on ownership and on repatriation of earnings and cash; 
 the potential for nationalization of enterprises; 
 changes in medical reimbursement policies and programs; 
 limitations on legal rights and our ability to enforce such rights; 
 difficulty in staffing and managing widespread operations; 
 differing labor regulations; 
 difficulties in implementing restructuring actions on a timely or comprehensive basis; 
 differing protection of intellectual property; 
 greater uncertainty, risk, expense and delay in commercializing products in certain foreign jurisdictions, including with respect to product and other regulatory approvals; and 
 other factors beyond our control, such has terrorism, war, natural disasters and pandemics, including fluctuations in the severity and duration of the COVID-19 pandemic and resulting restrictions on business activity which may vary significantly by region. 
 Any of these risks could negatively affect our financial statements, business, growth rate, competitive position, results of operations and financial condition. 
 For example, we generate approximately 10 of our annual sales from Greater China. Accordingly, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely influenced by evolving political, economic and social conditions in China generally. Late in 2022, the Chinese authorities relaxed certain COVID-19 restrictions in parts of China, which has resulted in an increase in COVID-19 cases and has impacted our business in China. Additionally, China s government continues to play a significant role in regulating industry development by imposing industrial policies, and it maintains control over China s economic growth through setting monetary policy and determining treatment of particular industries or companies. For example, China has implemented volume-based procurement policies, a series of centralized reforms instituted in China on both a national and regional basis that has resulted in significant price cuts for medical and dental consumables. Further, considerable uncertainty exists regarding the long-term effects of the expansionary monetary and fiscal policies adopted by the central banks and financial authorities of some of the world s leading economies, including the U.S. and China. Any uncertainty or adverse changes to economic conditions in China or the policies of China s government or its laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on the overall economic growth of China and could impact our business and operating results, leading to a reduction in demand for our products and adversely affecting our business, growth rate, competitive position, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 In addition, Russia s invasion of Ukraine and the global response to this invasion, including sanctions imposed by the U.S. and other countries, has had and may continue to have an adverse impact on our business, including by impacting our ability to market and sell products in Russia, by potentially heightening our risk of cyber-attacks, by impacting our ability to enforce our intellectual property rights in Russia, by creating disruptions in the global supply chain, and by potentially having an adverse impact on the global economy, financial markets, energy markets, currency rates and otherwise. 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has had and could continue to have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 
 Our global operations and the nature of the business of our dental customers expose us to risks associated with public health crises and outbreaks of epidemic, pandemic, or contagious diseases, such as the COVID-19 pandemic. To date, COVID-19 has had, and may continue to have, an adverse impact on our operations, our supply chains and distribution systems, and our revenues and expenses, including as a result of preventive and precautionary measures that we, our dental customers, other businesses, and governments have taken. The increase in consumer demand resulting from the lifting of lockdowns has created significant challenges for supply chains as a result of labor and raw material shortages, which could lead to reduced earnings for many industries. 
 
 25 

As a result of the COVID-19 outbreak, we have experienced and may continue to experience significant business disruptions, including restrictions on our ability to travel and distribute our products, temporary closures of most of our facilities, temporary reduced production capacity at certain sites when there are local outbreaks causing higher than usual employee absences due to illness or quarantine requirements, as well as reduction in access to our customers due to prolonged shelter-in-place and/or self-quarantine mandates and significant and unpredictable reductions in the demand for our products. As more business and activities have shifted online and many of our employees are working remotely, we may also be more vulnerable to cyber security threats and attempts to breach our security networks. 
 
 Significant developments or uncertainties stemming from trade policies and regulations could have an adverse effect on our business 
 
 Trade policies and disputes at times result in increased tariffs, trade barriers, and other protectionist measures, which can increase our manufacturing costs, make our products less competitive, reduce demand for our products, limit our ability to sell to certain customers, limit our ability to procure components or raw materials, or impede or slow the movement of our goods across borders. Increasing protectionism and economic nationalism may lead to further changes in trade policies and regulations, domestic sourcing initiatives, or other formal and informal measures that could make it more difficult to sell our products in, or restrict our access to, some markets. 
 
 In particular, trade tensions between the U.S. and China have led to increased tariffs and trade restrictions. It is difficult to predict what further trade-related actions governments may take, which may include trade restrictions and additional or increased tariffs and export controls imposed on short notice, and we may be unable to quickly and effectively react to or mitigate such actions. 
 
 Additionally, in connection with the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine, governments including the U.S., United Kingdom, and those of the European Union have imposed export controls on certain products and financial and economic sanctions on certain industry sectors and parties in Russia which has triggered retaliatory sanctions by the Russian government and its allies. Although these export controls and sanctions did not have a material impact on our financial position or results of operations as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, the outcome and future impacts of the conflict and governmental responses thereto remain highly uncertain. Existing and future sanctions may have broad and pervasive impacts to the global economy and our operations, which could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 
 We cannot predict whether additional U.S. and foreign customs quotas, duties (including antidumping or countervailing duties), tariffs, taxes or other charges or restrictions, requirements as to where raw materials must be purchased or other restrictions on our imports will be imposed in the future or adversely modified, or what effect such actions would have on our costs of operations. Future quotas, duties or tariffs may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. Future trade agreements could also provide our competitors with an advantage over us, or increase our costs, either of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. Furthermore, trade disputes and protectionist measures, or continued uncertainty about such matters, could result in declining consumer confidence and slowing economic growth or recession, and could cause our customers to reduce, cancel, or alter the timing of their purchases with us. Sustained geopolitical tensions could lead to long-term changes in global trade and supply chains, and decoupling of global trade networks, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and growth prospects. 
 
 Our growth could suffer if the markets into which we sell our products and services decline, do not grow as anticipated or experience cyclicality. 
 Our growth depends in part on the growth of the markets which we serve, and visibility into these markets is limited (particularly for markets into which we sell through distribution). Any decline or lower than expected growth in our served markets could diminish demand for our products and services, which would adversely affect our financial statements. Our quarterly sales and profits depend substantially on the volume and timing of orders received during the fiscal quarter, which are difficult to forecast. Certain of our businesses operate in industries that may also experience periodic, cyclical downturns. 
 26 

In addition, in certain of our businesses, demand depends on customers capital spending budgets, government funding policies, and matters of public policy and government budget dynamics, as well as product and economic cycles, which can affect the spending decisions of these entities. Demand for our products and services is also sensitive to changes in customer order patterns, which may be affected by announced price changes, marketing or promotional programs, new product introductions, the timing of industry trade shows and changes in distributor or customer inventory levels due to distributor or customer management thereof or other factors. Any of these factors could adversely affect our growth and results of operations in any given period. 
 
 Our financial results are subject to fluctuations in the cost and availability of commodities that we use in our operations. 
 As further discussed in the section entitled Item 1. Business Materials, our manufacturing and other operations employ a wide variety of components, raw materials and other commodities, including metallic-based components, electronic components, chemicals, plastics and other petroleum-based products. Prices for and availability of these components, raw materials and other commodities have fluctuated significantly in the past. Any sustained interruption in the supply of these items, including as a result of shipping risks, such as container shortages, blocked shipping lanes, and port backlogs, could adversely affect our business. In addition, due to, among other items, the highly competitive nature of the industries that we serve, the cost-containment efforts of our customers, and the terms of certain contracts we are party to, there can be no assurance that the marketplace will support higher prices or that price increases and productivity gains, procurement deflation projects or savings will fully offset any raw material cost increases in the future. If we are unable to fully recover higher commodity costs through price increases or offset these increases through cost reductions, or if there is a time delay between the increase in costs and our ability to recover or offset these costs, our margins and profitability could decline and our financial statements could be adversely affected. 
 
 If we cannot adjust our manufacturing capacity or the purchases required for our manufacturing activities to reflect changes in market conditions and customer demand, our profitability may suffer. In addition, our reliance upon sole or limited sources of supply for certain materials, components and services could cause production interruptions, delays and inefficiencies. 
 We purchase materials, components and equipment from third parties for use in our manufacturing operations, including metallic-based components, electronic components, chemicals, plastics and other petroleum-based products. Our profitability could be adversely impacted if we are unable to adjust our purchases to reflect changes in customer demand and market fluctuations, including those caused by seasonality or cyclicality. During a market upturn, suppliers may extend lead times, limit supplies or increase prices. If we cannot purchase sufficient products at competitive prices and quality and on a timely enough basis to meet increasing demand, we may not be able to satisfy market demand, product shipments may be delayed, our costs may increase or we may breach our contractual commitments and incur liabilities. Conversely, in order to secure supplies for the production of products, we sometimes enter into non-cancelable purchase commitments with vendors, which could impact our ability to adjust our inventory to reflect declining market demands. If demand for our products is less than we expect, we may experience additional excess and obsolete inventories and be forced to incur additional charges and our profitability may suffer. For example, we have recently experienced and may continue to experience inflationary increases in our manufacturing costs and operating expenses. Prolonged inflation may also reduce or delay orders for our products and for certain products we may be unable to satisfy demand, both of which could adversely impact our sales and results of operations. 
 In addition, some of our businesses purchase certain materials, components and services from sole or limited source suppliers for reasons of quality assurance, regulatory requirements, cost effectiveness, availability or uniqueness of design. If these or other suppliers encounter financial, operating or other difficulties or if our relationship with them changes, we may not be able to establish additional or replacement suppliers in a timely or cost-effective manner, including as a result of FDA and other regulations that require, among other things, validation of materials and components prior to their use in our products, which could further negatively impact our business and results of operations. The supply chains for our businesses could also be disrupted by supplier capacity constraints, bankruptcy or exiting of the business for other reasons, decreased availability of key raw materials or commodities and external events such as natural disasters, pandemic health issues, including COVID-19 and related lockdowns and restrictions, war, terrorist actions, cyber-attacks, widespread protests and civil unrest, governmental actions and legislative or regulatory changes. Any of these factors could result in production interruptions, delays, extended lead times and inefficiencies. The supply chains for our businesses have also been impacted by the recent COVID-19 related lockdowns in China and the Russia-Ukraine conflict. Failure to obtain the needed supply of these products or to offset the increased costs could adversely impact our operating results. 
 27 

Because we cannot always immediately adapt our production capacity and related cost structures to changing market conditions, our manufacturing capacity may at times exceed or fall short of our production requirements. Any or all of these problems could result in the loss of customers, provide an opportunity for competing products to gain market acceptance and otherwise adversely affect our financial statements. 
 If we suffer loss to our facilities, supply chains, distribution systems or information technology systems due to catastrophe or other events, our operations could be seriously harmed. 
 Our facilities, supply chains, distribution systems and information technology systems are subject to catastrophic loss due to fire, flood, earthquake, hurricane, public health crises (including the COVID-19 pandemic), war, terrorism, widespread protests and civil unrest, or other natural or man-made disasters. For example, our corporate headquarters and many of our operations, including certain of our manufacturing facilities, are located in California, which is prone to earthquakes and wildfires, in addition to the other risks discussed above. If any of these facilities, supply chains or systems were to experience a catastrophic loss, it could disrupt our operations, delay production and shipments, result in defective products or services, damage customer relationships and our reputation and result in legal exposure and large repair or replacement expenses. The third-party insurance coverage that we maintain will vary from time to time in both type and amount depending on cost, availability and our decisions regarding risk retention, and may be unavailable or insufficient to protect us against such losses. 
 The manufacture of many of our products is a highly exacting and complex process, and if we directly or indirectly encounter problems manufacturing products, our reputation, business and financial statements could suffer. 
 The manufacture of many of our products is a highly exacting and complex process, due in part to strict regulatory requirements. Problems can arise during manufacturing for a variety of reasons, including equipment malfunction, failure to follow specific protocols and procedures, problems with raw materials, natural disasters and environmental factors, and if not discovered before the product is released to market could result in recalls and product liability exposure. Because of the time required to approve and license certain regulated manufacturing facilities and other stringent regulations of the FDA and similar agencies regarding the manufacture of certain of our products, an alternative manufacturer may not be available on a timely basis to replace such production capacity. Any of these manufacturing problems could result in significant costs, liability and lost sales, loss of market share as well as negative publicity and damage to our reputation that could reduce demand for our products. 
 A significant disruption in, or breach in security of, our information technology systems or data or violation of data privacy laws could adversely affect our business, reputation and financial statements. 
 We rely on information technology systems, some of which are provided and/or managed by third parties, to process, transmit and store electronic information (including sensitive data, confidential business information, health information, intellectual property, and personal data relating to employees, customers, other business partners and patients), and to manage or support a variety of critical business processes and activities (such as receiving and fulfilling orders, billing, collecting and making payments, shipping products, providing services and support to customers and fulfilling contractual obligations). In addition, some of our software products and services incorporate information technology that may house personal data and some products or software we sell to customers may connect to our systems for maintenance or other purposes. 
 28 

These systems, products and services (including those we acquire through business acquisitions) may be materially impacted and/or disrupted by information security incidents. This includes incidents such as ransomware, malware, viruses, phishing, social engineering, human error or malfeasance, power outages, hardware failures, telecommunication or utility failures, catastrophes or other unforeseen events. In any such circumstances our system redundancy and other disaster recovery planning may be ineffective or inadequate. This existing risk is potentially compounded by the increased number of our employees with hybrid or full-time remote schedules and the related increase in remote access to our systems. Cyber-attacks may also target hardware, software and information installed, stored or transmitted in our products after such products have been purchased and incorporated into third-party products, facilities or infrastructure. Security breaches of our systems, regardless of whether the breach is attributable to a vulnerability in our products or services, or security breaches of third parties systems on which we rely to process, store, or transmit electronic information, could result in the misappropriation, destruction or unauthorized disclosure of confidential information or personal data belonging to us or our employees, partners, customers, patients or suppliers. Like most multinational corporations, our information technology systems have been subject to computer viruses, malicious codes, unauthorized access and other cyber-attacks, and we expect the sophistication and frequency of such attacks to continue to increase. Unauthorized tampering, adulteration or interference with our products may also adversely affect product functionality and result in loss of data, risk to patient safety and product recalls or field actions. Additionally, if our business relationship with a third-party provider of information technology systems or services is negatively affected, or if one of our providers were to terminate its agreement with us without adequate notice, we would suffer a significant business disruption. 
 Any of the cyber-attacks, breaches or other disruptions or damage described above could interrupt our operations or the operations of our customers and partners; delay production and shipments; result in theft of our and our customers intellectual property and trade secrets; damage customer, patient, business partner and employee relationships; harm our reputation; result in defective products or services; or lead to legal or regulatory claims, proceedings, liability and/or penalties. These events may also result in increased costs for security and remediation. All of the foregoing could adversely affect our business, reputation and financial statements. 
 If we are unable to maintain reliable information technology systems and appropriate controls with respect to global data privacy and security requirements and prevent data breaches, we may suffer adverse regulatory consequences, fines, business disruption and litigation. 
 As cyber threats continue to evolve, we may be required to expend significant capital and other resources to protect against the threat of security breaches or to mitigate and alleviate problems caused by security incidents, including unauthorized access to protected health information and personal information stored in our information systems, and the introduction of computer viruses or other malicious software programs to our systems. Our security measures may be inadequate to prevent security breaches, especially those carried out by malicious third parties and our business operations and reputation could be materially adversely affected by these events and any resulting federal and state fines and penalties, legal claims or proceedings, and cancellation of contracts if security breaches are not prevented. The healthcare industry is currently experiencing increased attention on compliance with regulations that require us to safeguard protected health information and mitigate cyber-attacks. There are also significant costs associated with a data breach, including investigation costs, remediation and mitigation costs, notification costs, attorney fees, and the potential for reputational harm and lost revenues due to a loss in confidence. We cannot predict the costs to comply with these laws or the costs associated with a potential data breach, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial position and cash flows, and our business reputation. 
 We have installed privacy/security protection systems and devices on our network in an attempt to prevent cyber-threats and other unauthorized access to information. However, there can be no assurance that any such threats or unauthorized access will not occur or, if they do occur, that they will be adequately addressed. In addition, our technology may fail to adequately secure the confidential and personal information we maintain. In such circumstances, we may be held liable to individuals and regulators, which could result in fines, litigation or adverse publicity that could have a material adverse effect on our business and consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Even if we are not held liable, any resulting negative publicity could harm our business and divide the attention of management. Our risk and exposure to these matters remain heightened because of the evolving nature of these threats, increased regulatory enforcement and the expansion of consumer rights under data privacy and security laws. 
 29 

We believe that our subcontractors and vendors take precautionary measures to prevent problems that could affect our business operations as a result of failure or disruption to their information systems. However, there is no guarantee such efforts will be successful in preventing a disruption, and it is possible that we may be impacted by third party information system failures. The occurrence of any information system failures with our vendors could result in interruptions, delays, loss or corruption of data and cessations or interruptions in the availability of these systems. All of these events or circumstances, among others, could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial position and cash flows, and they could harm our business reputation. 
 
 Data privacy and security laws relating to the handling of personal information (including personal health information) are evolving across the world and may be drafted, interpreted or applied in a manner that results in increased costs, legal claims, fines against us, reputational damage or impedes delivery. 
 As a global organization, we are subject to data privacy and security laws, regulations, and customer-imposed controls in numerous jurisdictions as a result of having access to and processing confidential, personal and/or sensitive data in the course of our business. For example, in the U.S., the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 HIPAA privacy, security, and breach notification rules require certain of our operations to maintain controls to protect the confidentiality, availability, and integrity of patient health information. In addition, individual states regulate data breach notification requirements as well as more general privacy and security requirements. Entities within the U.S. that are found to be in violation of HIPAA, for example as the result of a breach of unsecured protected health information, a complaint about privacy practices, or an audit by HHS, may be subject to significant civil, criminal and administrative fines and penalties and/or additional reporting and oversight obligations if required to enter into a resolution agreement and corrective action plan with HHS to settle allegations of HIPAA non-compliance. 
 
 Based on the annual revisions for 2022, penalties for HIPAA violations can range from 127 to 1.919 million dollars per violation, with a maximum fine of 1.919 million for identical violations during a calendar year. In 2018, a nation-wide health benefit company paid 16 million to HHS following a data breach. Prior to this record payment, the largest HIPAA fine was 5.55 million. Under the law, state attorneys general have authority to bring civil enforcement actions under HIPAA, and attorneys general are actively engaged in enforcement. In addition, any penalties assessed under HIPAA could be in addition to other penalties assessed by a state for a data breach in violation of state laws. 
 
 The Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health HITECH Act was enacted as an update to HIPAA and makes business associates of covered entities directly liable for compliance with certain HIPAA requirements, strengthens the limitations on the use and disclosure of protected health information without individual authorizations, and contemplates enforcement of noncompliance with HIPAA due to willful neglect. These changes have stimulated increased enforcement activity and enhanced the potential that health care providers will be subject to financial penalties for violations of HIPAA. In addition, the Secretary of HHS is required to perform periodic audits to ensure covered entities (and their business associates, as that term is defined under HIPAA) comply with the applicable HIPAA requirements, increasing the likelihood that a HIPAA violation will result in an enforcement action. 
 
 In addition to the federal HIPAA regulations, most states also have laws that protect the confidentiality of health information and other personal information, and these laws may be broader in scope with respect to protected health information and other personal information than HIPAA. Certain of these laws grant individuals various rights with respect to personal information, and we may be required to expend significant resources to comply with these laws. Further, all 50 states and the District of Columbia have adopted data breach notification laws that impose, in varying degrees, an obligation to notify affected persons and/or state regulators in the event of a data breach or compromise, including when their personal information has or may have been accessed by an unauthorized person. 
 
 30 

Some state breach notification laws may also impose physical and electronic security requirements regarding the safeguarding of personal information, such as social security numbers and bank and credit card account numbers. Violation of state privacy, security, and breach notification laws can trigger significant monetary penalties. In addition, certain states privacy, security, and data breach laws, including, for example, the CCPA include private rights of action that may expose us to private litigation regarding our privacy and security practices and significant damages awards or settlements in civil litigation. Specifically, the CCPA gave California residents certain rights to access and delete their personal information, opt out of certain personal information sharing, and receive detailed information about how their personal information is used. The California Privacy Rights Act, which went into effect on January 1, 2023, significantly amended the CCPA and imposed additional data protection obligations on covered businesses, including additional consumer rights processes, limitations on data uses, new audit requirements for higher risk processing, and opt outs for certain uses of sensitive data. It also created a new California data protection agency authorized to issue substantive regulations and could result in increased privacy and information security enforcement. 
 
 In addition, as federal, state and local governments consider adopting new privacy and security legislation, our operations may be subject to different standards in different geographical regions. This may require significantly more resources for compliance and increase the risk of regulatory enforcement and private litigation with respect to our privacy and security practices. 
 
 We are also subject to the General Data Protection Regulation GDPR ), the primary data protection law in the European Union and European Economic Area (collectively, the EU), as well as associated EU member state data protection laws and the UK GDPR in the United Kingdom. These laws impose significant requirements for covered businesses (controllers and processors) of personal data, including, for example, standards for obtaining consent from individuals to process their personal data, disclosures to individuals, an individual data rights regime, specified timelines for data breach notifications, limitations on retention and secondary uses of information, requirements pertaining to health data and pseudonymised (i.e., deidentified) data, restrictions on data transfers outside of the EU, and obligations when we contract third-party processors in connection with the processing of personal data. The GDPR allows EU member states certain flexibility to make additional laws and regulations concerning the same issues, including, for example, further limiting the processing of genetic, biometric or health data. Failure to comply with the requirements of the GDPR may result in fines of up to 20,000,000 or up to 4 of the total worldwide annual turnover of the preceding financial year, whichever is higher. Other administrative penalties may be imposed under the applicable national data protection laws of the EU member states. 
 
 We rely on legal mechanisms for transferring certain personal data outside of the EU. These mechanisms include the EU Standard Contractual Clauses, or SCCs, and until July 2020, the U.S. Privacy Shield Framework. In July 2020, the Court of Justice of the European Union issued the Schrems II decision, invalidating the Privacy Shield Framework and requiring additional due diligence and assessments to be carried out when using Standard Contractual Clauses as transfer mechanisms. This decision has created uncertainty in how businesses may transfer data out of the EU and may result in increased costs and complexity and hinder our transfer of data out of the EU and corresponding business operations. 
 
 Other countries (for example Brazil and China) have or are in the process of passing laws that contain similar requirements to the GDPR. Data localization laws have also been passed or are under consideration in several countries (such as China and Russia), which require personal information relating to their citizens to be maintained on local servers and impose additional data transfer restrictions. 
 
 Compliance with the varying data privacy regulations across the U.S. and around the world have required significant expenditures and may require additional expenditures and changes in our products or business models that increase complexity and competition. We may also experience less demand for our products if we are unable to engineer these to enable our customers to comply with their obligations under data privacy laws. 
 
 In addition, government enforcement actions can be costly and interrupt the regular operation of our business, and data breaches or violations of data privacy laws can result in fines, reputational damage and civil lawsuits, any of which may adversely affect our business, reputation and financial statements. 
 31 

Our growth depends in part on the timely development and commercialization, and customer acceptance, of new and enhanced products and services based on technological innovation. 
 We generally sell our products and services in an industry that is characterized by rapid technological changes, frequent new product introductions and changing industry standards. If we do not develop innovative new and enhanced products and services on a timely basis, our offerings will become obsolete over time and our competitive position and financial statements will suffer. Our success will depend on several factors, including our ability to: 
 correctly identify customer needs and preferences and predict future needs and preferences; 
 allocate our research and development funding to products and services with higher growth prospects; 
 anticipate and respond to our competitors development of new products and services and technological innovations; 
 differentiate our offerings from our competitors offerings and avoid commoditization; 
 innovate and develop new technologies and applications, and acquire or obtain rights to third-party technologies that may have valuable applications in our served markets; 
 obtain adequate intellectual property rights with respect to key technologies before our competitors do; 
 successfully commercialize new technologies in a timely manner, price them competitively and cost-effectively manufacture and deliver sufficient volumes of new products of appropriate quality on time; 
 obtain necessary regulatory approvals of appropriate scope (including by demonstrating satisfactory clinical results where required); and 
 stimulate customer demand for and convince customers to adopt new technologies. 
 If we fail to accurately predict future customer needs and preferences or fail to produce viable technologies, we may invest heavily in research and development of products and services that do not lead to significant sales, which would adversely affect our profitability. 
 Even if we successfully innovate and develop new and enhanced products and services, we may incur substantial costs in doing so, and our profitability may suffer. In addition, promising new offerings may fail to reach the market or realize only limited commercial success because of real or perceived efficacy or safety concerns, failure to achieve positive clinical outcomes, uncertainty over third-party reimbursement or entrenched patterns of clinical practice. For additional information on third-party reimbursement of dental products, please refer to Item 1. Business Regulatory Matters. 
 Our ability to attract, develop and retain our key personnel is critical to our success. 
 Our success depends to a significant extent upon the continued service of our executive officers and key management and technical personnel and on our ability to continue to attract, retain, and develop qualified personnel. The competition for these employees is intense. The loss of the services of key personnel could have a material adverse effect on our operating results. In addition, there could be a material adverse effect on us should the turnover rates for key personnel increase significantly or if we are unable to continue to attract qualified personnel. 
 
 Our success also depends on our ability to execute leadership succession plans. The inability to successfully transition key management roles could have a material adverse effect on our operating results. 
 
 Any inability to consummate acquisitions at our historical rate and at appropriate prices, and to make appropriate investments that support our long-term strategy, could negatively impact our growth rate and stock price. 
 Our ability to grow sales, earnings and cash flow at or above our historic rates depends in part upon our ability to identify and successfully acquire and integrate businesses at appropriate prices and realize anticipated synergies, and to make appropriate investments that support our long-term strategy. We may not be able to consummate acquisitions at rates similar to the past, which could adversely impact our growth rate and our stock price. Promising acquisitions and investments are difficult to identify and complete for a number of reasons, including high valuations, competition among prospective buyers, the availability of affordable funding in the capital markets and the need to satisfy applicable closing conditions and obtain applicable antitrust and other regulatory approvals on acceptable terms. In addition, competition for acquisitions and investments may result in higher purchase prices. Changes in accounting or regulatory requirements or instability in the credit markets could also adversely impact our ability to consummate acquisitions and investments. 
 32 

Our acquisition of businesses, investments, joint ventures and other strategic relationships could negatively impact our financial statements. 
 As part of our business strategy we acquire businesses, make investments and enter into joint ventures and other strategic relationships in the ordinary course; please refer to Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for additional details. Acquisitions, investments, joint ventures and strategic relationships involve a number of financial, accounting, managerial, operational, legal, compliance and other risks and challenges, including the following, any of which could adversely affect our business and financial statements: 
 Any business, technology, service or product that we acquire or invest in could under-perform relative to our expectations and the price that we paid or not perform in accordance with our anticipated timetable, or we could fail to operate any such business profitably. 
 We may incur or assume significant debt in connection with our acquisitions, investments, joint ventures or strategic relationships, which could also cause a deterioration of our credit ratings, result in increased borrowing costs and interest expense and diminish our future access to the capital markets. 
 Acquisitions, investments, joint ventures or strategic relationships could cause our financial results to differ from our own or the investment community s expectations in any given period, or over the long-term. 
 Pre-closing and post-closing earnings charges could adversely impact operating results in any given period, and the impact may be substantially different from period to period. 
 Acquisitions, investments, joint ventures or strategic relationships could create demands on our management, operational resources and financial and internal control systems that we are unable to effectively address. 
 We could experience difficulty in integrating personnel, operations and financial and other controls and systems and retaining key employees and customers. 
 We may be unable to achieve cost savings or other synergies anticipated in connection with an acquisition, investment, joint venture or strategic relationship. 
 We may assume unknown liabilities, known contingent liabilities that become realized, known liabilities that prove greater than anticipated, internal control deficiencies or exposure to regulatory sanctions resulting from the acquired company s or investee s activities and the realization of any of these liabilities or deficiencies may increase our expenses, adversely affect our financial position or cause us to fail to meet our public financial reporting obligations. 
 In connection with acquisitions and joint ventures, we often enter into post-closing financial arrangements such as purchase price adjustments, earn-out obligations and indemnification obligations, which may have unpredictable financial results. 
 As a result of our acquisitions and investments, we have recorded significant goodwill and other assets on our balance sheet and if we are not able to realize the value of these assets, or if the fair value of our investments declines, we may be required to incur impairment charges. 
 We may have interests that diverge from those of our joint venture partners or other strategic partners and we may not be able to direct the management and operations of the joint venture or other strategic relationship in the manner we believe is most appropriate, exposing us to additional risk. 
 Investing in or making loans to early-stage companies often entails a high degree of risk, and we may not achieve the strategic, technological, financial or commercial benefits we anticipate; we may lose our investment or fail to recoup our loan; or our investment may be illiquid for a greater-than-expected period of time. 
 Our ability to acquire other businesses or technologies, make strategic investments or integrate acquired businesses effectively may also be impaired by the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, government actions in light of the pandemic, trade tensions and increased global scrutiny of foreign investments. For example, a number of countries, including the U.S. and countries in Europe and the Asia-Pacific region, are considering or have adopted restrictions on foreign investments. Governments may continue to adopt or tighten restrictions of this nature, and such restrictions could negatively impact our business and financial results. 
 
 33 

The indemnification provisions of acquisition agreements by which we have acquired companies may not fully protect us and as a result we may face unexpected liabilities. 
 Certain of the acquisition agreements by which we have acquired companies require the former owners to indemnify us against certain liabilities related to the operation of the acquired company before we acquired it. In most of these agreements, however, the liability of the former owners is limited and certain former owners may be unable to meet their indemnification responsibilities. We cannot assure you that these indemnification provisions will protect us fully or at all, and as a result we may face unexpected liabilities that adversely affect our financial statements. 
 
 We may fail to realize the anticipated benefits of the IOS Acquisition or those benefits may take longer to realize than expected. We may also encounter significant difficulties in integrating the Intraoral Scanner Business into our operations. 
 
 Our ability to realize the anticipated benefits of the IOS Acquisition will depend, to a large extent, on our ability to integrate the Intraoral Scanner Business into ours. We have and may continue to devote significant management attention and resources to integrate the business practices and operations of the Intraoral Scanner Business with ours. This integration process may be disruptive to our and the Intraoral Scanner businesses, and, if implemented ineffectively, could restrict realization of the expected benefits. In addition, we may fail to realize some of the anticipated benefits of the IOS Acquisition if the integration process takes longer than expected or is more costly than expected. Potential difficulties we may encounter in the integration process include: 
 
 The inability to successfully combine operations in a manner that would result in the anticipated benefits of the IOS Acquisition in the time frame currently anticipated or at all; 
 Complexities associated with managing the expanded operations and new products; 
 Integrating personnel; 
 Creation of uniform standards, internal controls, procedures, policies and information systems; 
 Unforeseen increased expenses, delays or regulatory issues associated with integrating the operations and products into our portfolio; and 
 Performance shortfalls as a result of the diversion of management attention caused by completing the integration of the operations. 
 
 Even if we are able to integrate the Intraoral Scanner Business successfully, this integration may not result in the realization of the full benefits that we currently expect, nor can we give assurances that these benefits will be achieved when expected or at all. Moreover, the integration of the Intraoral Scanner Business may result in unanticipated problems, expenses, liabilities, regulatory risks and competitive responses that could have material adverse consequences. In addition, at the time of closing the IOS Acquisition, there was, and there continues to be, pending litigation against the seller of the Intraoral Scanner Business, to which one of our subsidiaries was added as a defendant after closing. While we do not view this litigation as material, the defense of such litigation, and any other future claims that may arise, may require significant time, attention and resources of our management and other employees within the Company, potentially diverting their attention from our business. 
 
 Divestitures or other dispositions could negatively impact our business, and contingent liabilities from businesses that we or our predecessors have sold could adversely affect our financial statements. 
 We continually assess the strategic fit of our existing businesses and may divest, spin-off, split-off or otherwise dispose of businesses that are deemed not to fit with our strategic plan or are not achieving the desired return on investment. These transactions pose risks and challenges that could negatively impact our business and financial statements. For example, when we decide to sell or otherwise dispose of a business or assets, we may be unable to do so on satisfactory terms within our anticipated timeframe or at all, and even after reaching a definitive agreement to sell or dispose a business the sale is typically subject to satisfaction of pre-closing conditions which may not become satisfied. In addition, divestitures or other dispositions may dilute our earnings per share, have other adverse tax, financial and accounting impacts and distract management, and disputes may arise with buyers. In addition, we have retained responsibility for and/or have agreed to indemnify buyers against some known and unknown contingent liabilities related to certain businesses or assets we or our predecessors have sold or disposed. The resolution of these contingencies has not had a material effect on our financial statements, but we cannot be certain that this favorable pattern will continue. 
 34 

We are in the process of rebranding our Imaging Business, our China Business, and many of our products, which will likely involve substantial costs and may not be favorably received by our customers. 
 
 We no longer own the KaVo brand name, or any variation of the name, logos or related intellectual property rights. We have and will likely continue to incur substantial costs to rebrand our Imaging Business, our China Business, and a number of our products worldwide, which may also require the expenditure of regulatory product registration costs. Rebranding efforts may not be complete before the agreement with Planmeca allowing us to use the KaVo brand expires, potentially causing substantial inventory write-offs. We cannot be certain that our customers will be receptive to our proposed rebranding. A failure in our rebranding efforts may affect our ability to attract and retain customers, resulting in reduced revenues. 
 
 Inventories maintained by our distributors and customers may fluctuate from time to time. 
 We rely in part on our distributor and customer relationships and predictions of distributor and customer inventory levels in projecting future demand levels and financial results. These inventory levels may fluctuate, and may differ from our predictions, resulting in our projections of future results being different than expected. These changes may be influenced by changing relationships with the distributor and customers, economic conditions, supply chain disruption and end-user preference for particular products. There can be no assurance that our distributors and customers will maintain levels of inventory in accordance with our predictions or past history, or that the timing of distributors or customers inventory build or liquidation will be in accordance with our predictions or past history. 
 We are dependent upon a limited number of distributors for a significant portion of our sales, and loss of a key distributor could result in a loss of a significant amount of our sales. In addition, adverse changes in our relationships with, or the financial condition, performance, purchasing patterns or inventory levels of, key distributors and other channel partners could adversely affect our financial statements. 
 Historically, a substantial portion of our sales had come from a limited number of distributors, particularly Henry Schein, which accounted for approximately 11 of our sales in 2022 and 12 of our sales in 2021. It is anticipated that Henry Schein will continue to be the largest contributor to our sales for the foreseeable future. We do not currently have a master distribution agreement in place with Henry Schein for the distribution of our products in the U.S. and Canada. There can be no assurance that Henry Schein or any particular distributor will purchase any particular quantity of products from us or continue to purchase any products at all. If Henry Schein or any other key distributor or channel partner significantly reduces the volume of products purchased from us, it would have an adverse effect on our consolidated financial statements. 
 Our key distributors and other channel partners typically have valuable relationships with customers and end-users. Some of these distributors and other partners also sell our competitors products or compete with us directly, and if they favor competing products for any reason they may fail to market our products effectively. Adverse changes in our relationships with these distributors and other partners, reduction or discontinuation of their purchases from us or adverse developments in their financial condition, performance or purchasing patterns, could adversely affect our business and financial statements. The levels of inventory maintained by our distributors and other channel partners, and changes in those levels, can also significantly impact our results of operations in any given period. In addition, the consolidation of distributors and customers in certain of our served industries could adversely impact our business and consolidated financial statements. 
 
 35 

If we do not or cannot adequately protect our intellectual property, or if third parties infringe our intellectual property rights, we may suffer competitive injury or expend significant resources enforcing our rights. 
 Many of the markets we serve are technology-driven, and as a result intellectual property rights play a significant role in product development and differentiation. We own numerous patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets and other intellectual property and licenses to intellectual property owned by others, which in aggregate are important to our business. The intellectual property rights that we obtain, however, may not be sufficiently broad or otherwise may not provide us a significant competitive advantage, and patents may not be issued for pending or future patent applications owned by or licensed to us. In addition, the steps that we and our licensors have taken to maintain and protect our intellectual property may not prevent it from being challenged, invalidated, circumvented, designed-around or becoming subject to compulsory licensing, particularly in countries where intellectual property rights are not highly developed or protected. The laws of foreign countries in which we do business or contemplate doing business in the future may not recognize intellectual property rights or protect them to the same extent as do the laws of the U.S. In some circumstances, enforcement may not be available to us because an infringer has a dominant intellectual property position or for other business reasons, or countries may require compulsory licensing of our intellectual property. We also rely on nondisclosure and noncompetition agreements with employees, consultants and other parties to protect, in part, trade secrets and other proprietary rights. There can be no assurance that these agreements will adequately protect our trade secrets and other proprietary rights and will not be breached, that we will have adequate remedies for any breach, that others will not independently develop substantially equivalent proprietary information or that third parties will not otherwise gain access to our trade secrets or other proprietary rights. Our failure to obtain or maintain intellectual property rights that convey competitive advantage, adequately protect our intellectual property or detect or prevent circumvention or unauthorized use of such property and the cost of enforcing our intellectual property rights could adversely impact our business, including our competitive position, and financial statements. 
 Third parties may claim that we are infringing or misappropriating their intellectual property rights and we could suffer significant litigation expenses, losses or licensing expenses or be prevented from selling products or services. 
 From time to time, we receive notices from third parties alleging intellectual property infringement or misappropriation of third parties intellectual property and cannot be certain that the conduct of our business does not and will not infringe or misappropriate the intellectual property rights of others. Any dispute or litigation regarding intellectual property could be costly and time-consuming to defend due to the complexity of many of our technologies and the uncertainty of intellectual property litigation. Our intellectual property portfolio may not be useful in asserting a counterclaim, or negotiating a license, in response to a claim of infringement or misappropriation. In addition, as a result of such claims of infringement or misappropriation, we could lose our rights to critical technology, be unable to license critical technology or sell critical products and services, be required to pay substantial damages or license fees with respect to the infringed rights, be required to license technology or other intellectual property rights from others, be required to cease marketing, manufacturing or using certain products or be required to redesign, re-engineer or re-brand our products at substantial cost, any of which could adversely impact our business, including our competitive position, and financial statements. Third-party intellectual property rights may also make it more difficult or expensive for us to meet market demand for particular product or design innovations. If we are required to seek licenses under patents or other intellectual property rights of others, we may not be able to acquire these licenses on acceptable terms, if at all. Even if we successfully defend against claims of infringement or misappropriation, we may incur significant costs and diversion of management attention and resources, which could adversely affect our business and financial statements. 
 36 

Defects and unanticipated use or inadequate disclosure with respect to our products or services (including software), or allegations thereof, could adversely affect our business, reputation and financial statements. 
 Manufacturing or design defects or bugs in, unanticipated use of, safety or quality issues (or the perception of such issues) with respect to, off label use of, or inadequate disclosure of risks relating to the use of products and services that we make or sell (including items that we source from third parties) can lead to personal injury, death, property damage, loss of profits or other liability. These events could lead to recalls or safety alerts, result in the removal of a product or service from the market and result in product liability or similar claims being brought against us. Any potential product liability claims could exceed the amount of our insurance coverage or may be excluded from coverage under the terms of the policy. Our insurance may not be renewed at a cost and level of coverage comparable to that then in effect. Recalls, removals and product liability and similar claims (regardless of their validity or ultimate outcome) can result in significant costs, as well as negative publicity and damage to our reputation that could reduce demand for our products and services. Our business can also be affected by studies of the utilization, safety and efficacy of medical device products and components that are conducted by industry participants, government agencies and others. Any of the above can result in the discontinuation of marketing of such products in one or more countries, and may give rise to claims for damages from persons who believe they have been injured as a result of product issues, including claims by individuals or groups seeking to represent a class. 
 For a discussion of risks pertaining to the dental amalgam sold by us, see Item 1. Business Regulatory Matters Medical Device Regulations. 
 Our restructuring and site consolidation actions could have long-term adverse effects on our business. 
 We are currently implementing significant restructuring and site consolidation activities across our businesses to adjust our cost structure and to increase our operational efficiency, and we may engage in similar activities in the future. These restructuring and consolidation activities and our regular ongoing cost reduction activities (including in connection with the integration of acquired businesses) reduce our available talent, assets and other resources and could slow improvements in our products and services, adversely affect our ability to respond to customers, limit our ability to increase production quickly if demand for our products increases and trigger adverse public attention. As part of our site consolidation initiatives, we may also lose favorable tax incentives or not be able to renew leases on acceptable terms. We may make changes to certain capital projects, close certain production operations and abandon leases for certain facilities that will not be used in our operations. Further, these activities may cause employees or third parties to raise claims against us, potentially resulting in additional costs and/or causing delays in implementation. In addition, delays in implementing planned restructuring activities, site consolidation or other productivity improvements, unexpected costs or failure to meet targeted improvements may diminish the operational or financial benefits we expect to realize from such actions. Moreover, we may not succeed in implementing present or future restructuring activities, site consolidation, or cost reduction activities. Realizing the anticipated benefits from these initiatives, if any benefits are achieved at all, may take several years, and we may be unable to achieve our targeted cost efficiencies and gross margin improvements. Additionally, we may have insufficient access to capital to fund investments in these strategic initiatives, or our business strategy may change from time to time, which could delay our ability to implement initiatives that we believe are important to our business. Any of the circumstances described above could adversely impact our business and financial statements. 
 
 We may be adversely affected by climate-related risks or by legal, regulatory or market responses to such risks. 
 
 The long-term effects of climate-related risks are difficult to predict and may be widespread. The impacts of climate change may include physical risks (such as rising sea levels or changes in weather patterns), social and human effects (such as population dislocations or harm to health and well-being), compliance costs and transition risks (such as regulatory or technology changes), shifts in market trends (such as customers putting an increased priority on purchasing products that are sustainably made) and other adverse effects. Any of our primary locations may be vulnerable to the adverse effects of climate-related risks. For example, our corporate headquarters are located in California, which has historically experienced, and is likely to continue to experience, climate-related events including drought, water scarcity, flooding, heat waves, wildfires and resultant air quality impacts and power shutoffs associated with wildfire prevention. The effects of climate-related risks could also impair the availability and cost of certain products, commodities and energy (including utilities), which in turn may impact our ability to procure goods or services required for the operation of our business at the quantities and levels we require. 
 
 37 

In addition, the increasing concern over climate change has resulted and may continue to result in more regional, federal, and/or global legal and regulatory requirements relating to climate change, including regulating greenhouse gas emissions, alternative energy policies and sustainability initiatives. If legislation or regulations are enacted or promulgated in the U.S. or in any other jurisdictions in which we do business that impose more stringent restrictions and requirements than our current legal or regulatory obligations, we may experience disruptions in, or increases in the costs associated with, sourcing, manufacturing and distributing our products, which may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Any such regulatory changes could have a significant effect on our operating and financial decisions, including those involving capital expenditures to reduce emissions and comply with other regulatory requirements. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Indebtedness We have outstanding indebtedness of approximately 1.4 billion, and in the future we may incur additional indebtedness. This indebtedness could adversely affect our businesses and our ability to meet our obligations. As of February 10, 2023, we had outstanding indebtedness of approximately 1.4 billion, including approximately 0.9 billion under our amended and restated credit agreement the Amended Credit Agreement ), 518 million under our Convertible Senior Notes due June 1, 2025 (the Notes ), and had an additional 750 million of borrowing capacity under the revolving credit facility pursuant to the Amended Credit Agreement, with the ability to request further increases to the revolving credit facility up to 350 million. 
 Please refer to Note 16 to our audited consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report. This debt could have important, adverse consequences to us and our security holders, including: 
 increasing our vulnerability to adverse economic and industry conditions; 
 limiting our ability to obtain additional financing; 
 requiring the dedication of a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to service our indebtedness, which will reduce the amount of cash available for other purposes; 
 limiting our flexibility to plan for, or react to, changes in our businesses and industries; 
 diluting the interests of our existing stockholders as a result of issuing shares of our common stock upon conversion of the Notes; and 
 placing us at a possible competitive disadvantage with competitors that are less leveraged than us or have better access to capital. 
 Our business may not generate sufficient funds, and we may otherwise be unable to maintain sufficient cash reserves, to pay amounts due under our indebtedness, and our cash needs may increase in the future. The Amended Credit Agreement contains restrictive covenants that limit our ability to engage in activities that may be in our long-term interest, including for example EBITDA-based leverage and interest coverage ratios. If we breach any of these restrictions and cannot obtain a waiver from the lenders on favorable terms, subject to applicable cure periods, the outstanding indebtedness (and any other indebtedness with cross-default provisions) could be declared immediately due and payable, which would adversely affect our liquidity and financial statements. 
 
 The risks described above will increase with the amount of indebtedness we incur, and in the future we may incur significant indebtedness in addition to the indebtedness described above. 
 
 We may not be able to generate sufficient cash to service all of our indebtedness and may be forced to take other actions to satisfy our obligations under our indebtedness, which may not be successful and may adversely affect our ability to pay dividends. 
 Our ability to make scheduled payments on or refinance our debt obligations depends on our financial condition and operating performance, which are subject to prevailing economic and competitive conditions and to certain financial, business, legislative, regulatory and other factors beyond our control. We may be unable to maintain a level of cash flows from operating activities sufficient to permit us to pay the principal and interest on our indebtedness. 
 38 

If our cash flows and capital resources are insufficient to fund our debt service obligations, we could face substantial liquidity problems and could be forced to reduce or delay investments and capital expenditures, or to dispose of material assets or operations, alter our dividend policy (if we pay dividends), seek additional debt or equity capital or restructure or refinance our indebtedness. We may not be able to effect any such alternative measures on commercially reasonable terms or at all and, even if successful, those alternative actions may not allow us to meet our scheduled debt service obligations. The instruments that may govern our indebtedness in the future may restrict our ability to dispose of assets and may restrict the use of proceeds from those dispositions. We may not be able to consummate those dispositions or to obtain proceeds in an amount sufficient to meet any debt service obligations when due. 
 In addition, we conduct our operations through our subsidiaries. Accordingly, repayment of our indebtedness will depend on the generation of cash flow by our subsidiaries, including certain international subsidiaries, and their ability to make such cash available to us, by dividend, debt repayment or otherwise. Our subsidiaries may not have any obligation to pay amounts due on our indebtedness or to make funds available for that purpose. Our subsidiaries may not be able to, or may not be permitted to, make adequate distributions to enable us to make payments in respect of our indebtedness. Each subsidiary is a distinct legal entity and, under certain circumstances, legal, tax and contractual restrictions may limit our ability to obtain cash from our subsidiaries. In the event that we do not receive distributions from our subsidiaries, we may be unable to make required principal and interest payments on our indebtedness. 
 Our inability to generate sufficient cash flows to satisfy our debt obligations, or to refinance our indebtedness on commercially reasonable terms or at all, may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and our ability to satisfy our obligations under our indebtedness or pay dividends on our common stock. We may be unable to raise the funds necessary to repurchase the Notes for cash following a fundamental change, or to pay any cash amounts due upon conversion, and our other indebtedness may limit our ability to repurchase the Notes or pay cash upon their conversion. 
 Holders of the Notes may require us to repurchase their Notes following a fundamental change at a cash repurchase price generally equal to the principal amount of the Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any. In addition, upon conversion, we will satisfy part or all of our conversion obligation in cash. We may not have enough available cash or be able to obtain financing at the time we are required to repurchase the Notes or pay the cash amounts due upon conversion. In addition, applicable law, regulatory authorities and the agreements governing our other indebtedness may restrict our ability to repurchase the Notes or pay the cash amounts due upon conversion. Our failure to repurchase Notes or to pay the cash amounts due upon conversion when required will constitute a default under the indenture governing the Notes between us and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee, dated as of May 21, 2020 (the Indenture ). A default under the Indenture or the fundamental change itself could also lead to a default under agreements governing our other indebtedness, which may result in that other indebtedness becoming immediately payable in full. We may not have sufficient funds to satisfy all amounts due under the other indebtedness and the Notes. 
 The conditional conversion feature of the Notes, if triggered, may adversely affect our financial condition and operating results. 
 In the event the conditional conversion feature of the Notes is triggered, holders of Notes will be entitled to convert the Notes at any time during specified periods at their option. We made an irrevocable election to satisfy the principal amounts of Notes outstanding upon conversion with cash. If one or more holders elect to convert their Notes, we would be required to settle a portion or all of our conversion obligation through the payment of cash, which could adversely affect our liquidity. In addition, even if holders do not elect to convert their Notes, we could be required under applicable accounting rules to reclassify all or a portion of the outstanding principal of the Notes as a current rather than long-term liability, which would result in a material reduction of our net working capital. As of December 31, 2022, one of the conditions allowing the Note holders to convert the Notes was satisfied. As a result, as of December 31, 2022, the Notes are classified as a current liability. The conversion conditions are tested quarterly. 
 
 39 

The capped call transactions we entered into in connection with the Notes may affect the value of the Notes and our common stock. 
 
 In connection with the sale of the Notes, we entered into capped call transactions (the Capped Calls with the initial purchasers of the Notes, their respective affiliates and other financial institutions (the option counterparties ). The Capped Calls are expected generally to reduce the potential dilution upon any conversion of the Notes and/or offset any cash payments we are required to make in excess of the principal amount of converted Notes, as the case may be, with such reduction and/or offset subject to a cap. 
 
 In connection with establishing their hedges of the Capped Calls, the option counterparties or their affiliates entered into various derivative transactions with respect to our common stock. These parties may modify their hedge positions in the future by entering into or unwinding various derivatives with respect to our common stock and/or purchasing or selling our common stock or other securities of ours in secondary market transactions prior to the maturity of the Notes (and are likely to do so during any observation period related to a conversion of the Notes). This activity could cause or avoid an increase or a decrease in the market price of our common stock or the Notes. 
 
 We are subject to counterparty risk with respect to the Capped Calls. 
 
 The option counterparties are financial institutions, and we will be subject to the risk that any or all of them might default under the Capped Calls. Our exposure to the credit risk of the option counterparties will not be secured by any collateral. Past global economic conditions have resulted in the actual or perceived failure or financial difficulties of many financial institutions. If an option counterparty becomes subject to insolvency proceedings, we will become an unsecured creditor in those proceedings with a claim equal to our exposure at that time under the Capped Calls with such option counterparty. Our exposure will depend on many factors but, generally, an increase in our exposure will be correlated to an increase in the market price and in the volatility of our common stock. In addition, upon a default by an option counterparty, we may suffer adverse tax consequences and more dilution than we currently anticipate with respect to our common stock. We can provide no assurances as to the financial stability or viability of the option counterparties. 
 
 Our variable rate indebtedness exposes us to interest rate volatility, which could cause our debt service obligations to increase significantly, and we may be adversely affected by the anticipated cessation of LIBOR. 
 
 Borrowings under certain of our facilities, including our Amended Credit Agreement, are made at variable rates of interest and expose us to interest rate volatility. Interest rates increased during 2022. If interest rates continue to increase, our debt service obligations on certain of our variable rate indebtedness will increase even though the amount borrowed remains the same, and our net income and cash flows, including cash available for servicing our indebtedness, will correspondingly decrease. 
 
 In addition, certain of our financial arrangements, including our Amended Credit Agreement, bear interest rates that fluctuate with changes in short-term prevailing interest rates, including the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR (or metrics derived from or related to LIBOR). On July 27, 2017, the United Kingdom s Financial Conduct Authority announced that it intends to stop persuading or compelling banks to submit LIBOR rates after 2021. All LIBOR tenors relevant to us will cease to be published or will no longer be representative after June 30, 2023. U.S. bank regulators have advised banks to cease writing, subject to certain limited exceptions, new U.S. Dollar LIBOR contracts after 2021 and the New York Federal Reserve s Alternative Reference Rates Committee ARCC has identified the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR as the recommended risk-free alternative rate for USD LIBOR. Our Amended Credit Agreement provides for the use of SOFR as a replacement rate upon a LIBOR cessation event. SOFR is a relatively new reference rate and has a very limited history. There are significant differences between LIBOR and SOFR, such as LIBOR being an unsecured lending rate while SOFR is a secured lending rate, and SOFR is an overnight rate while LIBOR reflects term rates at different maturities. If our LIBOR-based borrowings are converted to SOFR, the differences between LIBOR and SOFR, plus the recommended spread adjustment, could result in interest costs that are higher than if LIBOR remained available, which could have a material adverse effect on our operating results. 
 
 40 

Risks Related to Our Industry 
 The industries that we serve have undergone, and are in the process of undergoing, significant changes in an effort to reduce costs, which could adversely affect our financial statements. 
 The industries that we serve have undergone, and are in the process of undergoing, significant changes in an effort to reduce costs, including the following: 
 Governmental and private health care providers and payors around the world are increasingly utilizing managed care for the delivery of health care services, centralizing purchasing, limiting the number of vendors that may participate in purchasing programs, forming group purchasing organizations and integrated health delivery networks and pursuing consolidation to improve their purchasing leverage and using competitive bid processes to procure health care products and services. 
 Certain of our customers, and the end-users to whom our customers supply products, rely on government funding of and reimbursement for health care products and services and research activities. The health care austerity measures in other countries and other potential health care reform changes and government austerity measures have reduced and may further reduce the amount of government funding or reimbursement available to customers or end-users of our products and services and/or the volume of medical procedures using our products and services. Other countries, as well as some private payors, also control the price of health care products, directly or indirectly, through reimbursement, payment, pricing or coverage limitations, tying reimbursement to outcomes or (in the case of governmental entities) compulsory licensing. For example, China has implemented volume-based procurement policies, a series of centralized reforms instituted in China on both a national and regional basis that has resulted in significant price cuts for medical and dental consumables. Global economic uncertainty or deterioration can also adversely impact government funding and reimbursement. 
 
 These changes, as well as other impacts from market demand, government regulations, third-party coverage and reimbursement policies and societal pressures have started changing the way health care is delivered, reimbursed and funded and may cause participants in the health care industry and related industries that we serve to purchase fewer of our products and services, reduce the prices they are willing to pay for our products or services, reduce the amounts of reimbursement and funding available for our products and services from governmental agencies or third-party payors, heighten clinical data requirements, reduce the volume of medical procedures that use our products and services, affect the acceptance rate of new technologies and products and increase our compliance and other costs. In addition, we may be excluded from important market segments or unable to enter into contracts with group purchasing organizations and integrated health networks on terms acceptable to us, and even if we do enter into such contracts they may be on terms that negatively affect our current or future profitability. All of the factors described above could adversely affect our business and financial statements. 
 We face intense competition and if we are unable to compete effectively, we may experience decreased demand and decreased market share. Even if we compete effectively, we may be required to reduce prices for our products and services. 
 Our businesses operate in industries that are intensely competitive and have been subject to increasing consolidation. Because of the range of the products and services we sell and the variety of markets we serve, we encounter a wide variety of competitors. See Item 1. Business Competition . In order to compete effectively, we must retain longstanding relationships with major customers and continue to grow our business by establishing relationships with new customers and external experts, continually developing new products and services to maintain and expand our brand recognition and leadership position in various product and service categories and penetrating new markets, including emerging markets. In addition, significant shifts in industry market share have occurred and may in the future occur in connection with product problems, safety alerts and publications about products, reflecting the competitive significance of product quality, product efficacy and quality systems in our industry. Our failure to compete effectively and/or pricing pressures resulting from competition may adversely impact our financial statements, and our expansion into new markets may result in greater-than-expected risks, liabilities and expenses. In addition, we are exposed to the risk that our competitors or our customers may introduce private label, generic, or low-cost products that compete with our products at lower price points. If these competitors products capture significant market share or decrease market prices overall, this could have an adverse effect on our financial statements. 
 41 

Risks Related to Laws and Regulations 
 Changes in governmental regulations may reduce demand for our products or services or increase our expenses. 
 We compete in markets in which we and our customers must comply with supranational, federal, state, local and other jurisdictional regulations, such as regulations governing health and safety, the environment, food and drugs and privacy. We develop, configure and market our products and services to meet customer needs created by these regulations. These regulations are complex, change frequently, have tended to become more stringent over time and may be inconsistent across jurisdictions. Any significant change in any of these regulations (or in the interpretation or application thereof) could reduce demand for, increase our costs of producing or delay the introduction of new or modified products and services, or could restrict our existing activities, products and services. For example, in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, federal, state, local and foreign governmental authorities have imposed, and may continue to impose, protocols and restrictions intended to contain the spread of the virus, including limitations on the size of gatherings, closures of work facilities, schools, public buildings and businesses, quarantines, lockdowns and travel restrictions. Such restrictions have disrupted and may continue to disrupt our business operations and reduce demand for our products or services. Certain of our businesses are subject to extensive regulation by the FDA and comparable agencies of other countries, as well as laws regulating fraud and abuse in the health care industry and the privacy and security of health information. Failure to comply with those regulations could adversely affect our reputation, ability to do business and financial statements. Most of our products are medical devices subject to regulation by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (the FDA ), by other federal and state governmental agencies, by comparable agencies of other countries and regions, by certain accrediting bodies and by regulations governing hazardous materials (or the manufacture and sale of products containing any such materials). The FDA and these other regulatory authorities enforce additional regulations regarding the safety of X-ray emitting devices. The global regulatory environment has become increasingly stringent and unpredictable. Several countries that did not have regulatory requirements for medical devices have established such requirements in recent years, and other countries have expanded, or plan to expand, their existing regulations. For example, the EU MDR imposes stricter requirements for the marketing and sale of medical devices, including in the area of clinical evaluation requirements, quality systems and post-market surveillance. Medical devices that have been assessed and/or certified under the EU Medical Device Directive may continue to be placed on the market until 2024 (or until the expiry of their certificates, if applicable and earlier); however, requirements regarding the distribution, marketing and sale including quality systems and post-market surveillance have to be observed by manufacturers, importers and distributors as of the application date. Complying with the EU MDR required modifications to our quality management systems, additional resources in certain functions, and required and will continue to require updates to technical files, among other changes. Failure to meet these requirements could adversely impact our business in the EU and other regions that tie their product registrations to the EU requirements. 
 
 Similarly, under the Physician Payment Sunshine Act, we are required to collect and report detailed information regarding certain financial relationships we have with covered recipients, including physicians, dentists, teaching hospitals, and certain other non-physician practitioners. We or our subsidiaries may be required to report information under certain state transparency laws that address circumstances not covered by the Physician Payment Sunshine Act, and some of these state laws, as well as the federal law, can be unclear. We are also subject to foreign regulations requiring transparency of certain interactions between suppliers and their customers. While we believe we have substantially compliant programs and controls in place satisfying the above laws and requirements, such compliance imposes additional costs on us and the requirements are sometimes unclear. 
 
 42 

To varying degrees, these regulators require us to comply with laws and regulations governing the development, testing, manufacturing, labeling, marketing, distribution and post-marketing surveillance of our products. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to obtain regulatory clearance (such as 510(k) clearance) or approvals for our new products or modifications to (or additional indications or uses of) existing products within our anticipated timeframe or at all, and if we do obtain such clearance or approval it may be time-consuming, costly and subject to restrictions. Our ability to obtain such regulatory clearances or approvals will depend on many factors and the process for obtaining such clearances or approvals could change over time. Even after initial regulatory clearance or approval, we are subject to periodic inspection by these regulatory authorities, and if safety issues arise, we may be required to amend conditions for use of a product, such as providing additional warnings on the product s label or narrowing its approved intended use, which could reduce the product s market acceptance. Failure to obtain required regulatory clearances or approvals before marketing our products (or before implementing modifications to or promoting additional indications or uses of our products), other violations of these regulations, failure to remediate inspectional observations to the satisfaction of these regulatory authorities and real or perceived efficacy or safety concerns or trends of adverse events with respect to our products (even after obtaining clearance for distribution) have led to FDA Form 483 Inspectional Observations, and can lead to warning letters, notices to customers, declining sales, loss of customers, loss of market share, remediation and increased compliance costs, mandatory recalls, seizures of adulterated or misbranded products, injunctions, administrative detentions, refusals to permit importations, partial or total shutdown of production facilities or the implementation of operating restrictions, narrowing of permitted uses for a product, suspension or withdrawal of approvals and pre-market notification rescissions. We are also subject to various laws regulating fraud and abuse, pricing and sales and marketing practices in the health care industry and the privacy and security of health information as well as manufacturing and quality standards, including the federal regulations described in Item 1. Business Regulatory Matters. Ensuring that our internal operations and business arrangements with third parties comply with applicable healthcare laws and regulations will involve substantial costs. It is possible that government authorities will conclude that our business practices do not comply with current or future statutes, regulations, agency guidance or case law involving applicable fraud and abuse or other healthcare laws and regulations. 
 Noncompliance with these standards can result in, among other things, fines, expenses, injunctions, civil penalties, recalls or seizures of products, total or partial suspension of production, refusal of the government to grant 510(k) clearance of devices, withdrawal of marketing approvals, criminal prosecutions and other adverse effects referenced below under Our businesses are subject to extensive regulation; failure to comply with those regulations could adversely affect our financial statements and our business, including our reputation. Further, defending against any such actions can be costly and time-consuming and may require significant personnel resources. Therefore, even if we are successful in defending against any such actions that may be brought against us, our business may be impaired. 
 Off-label marketing or misleading advertising of our products could result in substantial penalties. 
 The FDA, the Federal Trade Commission FTC and, in some cases, the Environmental Protection Agency EPA strictly regulate the promotional claims that may be made about approved or cleared products. In particular, any clearances we may receive only permit us to market our products for the uses indicated on the labeling cleared by the FDA. We may request additional label indications for our current products, and the FDA may deny those requests outright, require additional expensive performance or clinical data to support any additional indications or impose limitations on the intended use of any cleared products as a condition of clearance. If the FDA determines that we have marketed or advertised our products for off-label use, we could be subject to fines, injunctions or other penalties. It is also possible that other federal, state or foreign enforcement authorities might take action if they consider our business activities to constitute promotion of an off-label use or misbranding, which could result in significant penalties, including, but not limited to, criminal, civil and administrative penalties, substantial monetary penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement, exclusion from participation in government healthcare programs, and/or the curtailment of our operations. Any of these events could significantly harm our business and results of operations and cause our stock price to decline. 
 43 

Certain modifications to our products may require new 510(k) clearances or other marketing authorizations and may require us to recall or cease marketing our products. 
 Once a medical device is permitted to be legally marketed in the U.S. pursuant to a 510(k) clearance, a manufacturer may be required to notify the FDA of certain modifications to the device. Manufacturers determine in the first instance whether a change to a product requires a new premarket submission, but the FDA may review any manufacturer s decision. The FDA may not agree with our decisions regarding whether new clearances are necessary. We have made modifications to our products in the past and have determined based on our review of the applicable FDA regulations and guidance that in certain instances new 510(k) clearances or other premarket submissions were not required. We may make similar modifications or add additional features in the future that we believe do not require a new 510(k) clearance. If the FDA disagrees with our determinations and requires us to submit new 510(k) notifications, we may be required to cease marketing or to recall the modified product until we obtain clearance, and we may be subject to significant regulatory fines or penalties. 
 Our operations, products and services expose us to the risk of environmental, health and safety liabilities, costs and violations that could adversely affect our business, reputation and financial statements. 
 Our operations, products and services are subject to environmental laws and regulations, which impose limitations on the discharge of pollutants into the environment, establish standards for the use, generation, treatment, storage and disposal of hazardous and non-hazardous wastes and impose end-of-life disposal and take-back programs. We must also comply with various health and safety regulations in the U.S. and abroad in connection with our operations. We cannot assure you that our environmental, health and safety compliance program (or the compliance programs of businesses we acquire) have been or will at all times be effective. Failure to comply with any of these laws could result in civil and criminal, monetary and non-monetary penalties and damage to our reputation. In addition, we cannot provide assurance that our costs of complying with current or future environmental protection and health and safety laws will not exceed our estimates or adversely affect our financial statements. 
 In addition, we may incur costs related to remedial efforts or alleged environmental damage associated with past or current waste disposal practices or other hazardous materials handling practices. We are also from time to time party to personal injury, property damage or other claims brought by private parties alleging injury or damage due to the presence of or exposure to hazardous substances. We may also become subject to additional remedial, compliance or personal injury costs due to future events such as changes in existing laws or regulations, changes in agency direction or enforcement policies, developments in remediation technologies, changes in the conduct of our operations and changes in accounting rules. For additional information regarding these risks, please refer to Note 15 to our audited consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report. We cannot assure you that our liabilities arising from past or future releases of, or exposures to, hazardous substances will not exceed our estimates or adversely affect our reputation and financial statements or that we will not be subject to additional claims for personal injury or remediation in the future based on our past, present or future business activities. 
 Our businesses are subject to extensive regulation; failure to comply with those regulations could adversely affect our financial statements and our business, including our reputation. 
 In addition to the environmental, health, safety, health care, medical device, anticorruption, data privacy and other regulations noted elsewhere in this Annual Report, our businesses are subject to extensive regulation by U.S. and non-U.S. governmental and self-regulatory entities at the supranational, federal, state, local and other jurisdictional levels. 
 We are required to comply with various import laws and export control and economic sanctions laws, which may affect our transactions with certain customers, business partners and other persons and dealings between our employees and between our subsidiaries. In certain circumstances, export control and economic sanctions regulations may prohibit the export of certain products, services and technologies. In other circumstances, we may be required to obtain an export license before exporting the controlled item. Compliance with the various import laws that apply to our businesses can restrict our access to, and increase the cost of obtaining, certain products and at times can interrupt our supply of imported inventory. 
 44 

Our products and operations are also often subject to differing national industrial standards, and failure to comply with these rules could result in withdrawal of certifications needed to sell our products and services and otherwise adversely impact our business and financial statements. Non-compliance with applicable requirements (or any alleged or perceived failure to comply) could result in import detentions, fines, damages, civil and administrative penalties, injunctions, suspensions or losses of regulatory approvals, recall or seizure of products, operating restrictions, refusal of the government to approve product export applications or allow us to enter into supply contracts, disbarment from selling to certain governmental agencies or exclusion from government funded healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid or similar programs in other countries or jurisdictions, integrity oversight and reporting obligations to resolve allegations of non-compliance, disruption of our business, limitation on our ability to manufacture, import, export and sell products and services, loss of customers, significant legal and investigatory fees, disgorgement, individual imprisonment, reputational harm, contractual damages, diminished profits, curtailment or restricting of business operations, criminal prosecution and other monetary and non-monetary penalties. For additional information regarding these risks, please refer to the section entitled Business Regulatory Matters. 
 Risks Related to Ownership of Our Stock 
 The price of our common stock may continue to be volatile, which could lead to securities litigation brought against us or cause investors to lose the value of their investment. 
 We have a limited trading history and there may be wide fluctuations in the market value of our common stock as a result of many factors. From our IPO through February 10, 2023, the sales price of our common stock as reported by the NYSE has ranged from a low sales price of 10.08 on March 19, 2020 to a high sales price of 52.03 on March 29, 2022. Factors that may cause the market price of our common stock to fluctuate, some of which may be beyond our control, include: 
 
 our quarterly or annual earnings, or those of other companies in our industry; 
 actual or anticipated fluctuations in our operating results; 
 changes in earnings estimated by securities analysts or our ability to meet those estimates; 
 the operating and stock price performance of other comparable companies; 
 changes to the regulatory and legal environment in which we operate; 
 macroeconomic conditions and the economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, inflation and rising interest rates and global conflicts, including the Russia-Ukraine war; 
 unusual events such as significant acquisitions by us and our competitors, divestitures, litigation, regulatory actions and other factors, including factors unrelated to our operating performance; 
 overall market fluctuations and domestic and worldwide economic conditions; and 
 other factors described in these Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report. 
 Stock markets in general have experienced volatility recently that has often been unrelated to the operating performance of a particular company. These broad market fluctuations may adversely affect the trading price of our common stock. In the past, periods of volatility in the overall market and the market price of a company s securities have often been followed by securities litigation brought against these companies. Such litigation, if instituted against us, could result in substantial costs and a diversion of our management s attention and resources. In addition, as a result of this volatility, investors may not be able to sell their common stock at or above the purchase price. 
 
 Certain provisions in our second amended and restated certificate of incorporation, our second amended and restated bylaws, the Indenture governing the Notes, and of Delaware law, may prevent or delay an acquisition of us, which could decrease the trading price of our common stock. 
 Our second amended and restated certificate of incorporation and second amended and restated bylaws contain, and Delaware law contains, provisions that are intended to deter coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids and to encourage prospective acquirers to negotiate with our board of directors rather than to attempt an unsolicited takeover not approved by our board of directors. These provisions include, among others: 
 the inability of our stockholders to call a special meeting; 
 the inability of our stockholders to act by written consent; 
 45 

rules regarding how stockholders may present proposals or nominate directors for election at stockholder meetings; 
 the right of our board of directors to issue preferred stock without stockholder approval; 
 the division of our board of directors into three classes of directors, with each class serving a staggered three-year term, subject to a phased-in declassification whereby Class III directors were elected to a one-year term at the 2022 annual meeting, Class I directors will be elected to a one-year term at the 2023 annual meeting and Class II directors will be elected to a one-year term at the 2024 annual meeting such that effective as of the 2024 annual meeting, our board of directors will be fully declassified, and until the full declassification of the Board as of the date of the 2024 annual meeting, this classified board provision could have the effect of making the replacement of incumbent directors more time consuming and difficult; 
 
 prior to our board of directors being fully declassified, stockholders may only remove directors with cause; and 
 the ability of our directors, and not stockholders, to fill vacancies (including those resulting from an enlargement of our board of directors) on our board of directors. 
 Additionally, certain provisions in the Notes and the Indenture governing the Notes could make a third party attempt to acquire us more difficult or expensive. For example, if a takeover constitutes a fundamental change, then holders of the Notes will have the right to require us to repurchase their Notes for cash. In addition, if a takeover constitutes a make-whole fundamental change, then we may be required to temporarily increase the conversion rate. In either case, and in other cases, our obligations under the Notes and the Indenture could increase the cost of acquiring us or otherwise discourage a third party from acquiring us or removing incumbent management, including in a transaction that holders of our securities may view as favorable. In addition, because we have not chosen to be exempt from Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL ), this provision could also delay or prevent a change of control that you may favor. Section 203 provides that, subject to limited exceptions, persons that acquire, or are affiliated with a person that acquires, more than 15 of the outstanding voting stock of a Delaware corporation (an interested stockholder shall not engage in any business combination with that corporation, including by merger, consolidation or acquisitions of additional shares, for a three-year period following the date on which the person became an interested stockholder, unless (i) prior to such time, the board of directors of such corporation approved either the business combination or the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder; (ii) upon consummation of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least 85 of the voting stock of such corporation at the time the transaction commenced (excluding for purposes of determining the voting stock outstanding (but not the outstanding voting stock owned by the interested stockholder) the voting stock owned by directors who are also officers or held in employee benefit plans in which the employees do not have a confidential right to tender or vote stock held by the plan); or (iii) on or subsequent to such time the business combination is approved by the board of directors of such corporation and authorized at a meeting of stockholders by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting stock of such corporation not owned by the interested stockholder. We believe these provisions will protect our stockholders from coercive or otherwise unfair takeover tactics by requiring potential acquirers to negotiate with our board of directors and by providing our board of directors with more time to assess any acquisition proposal. These provisions are not intended to make us immune from takeovers. However, these provisions will apply even if the offer may be considered beneficial by some stockholders and could delay or prevent an acquisition that our board of directors determines is in the best interests of us and our stockholders. These provisions may also prevent or discourage attempts to remove and replace incumbent directors. 
 46 

Our second amended and restated certificate of incorporation designates the state courts in the State of Delaware or, if no state court located within the State of Delaware has jurisdiction, the federal court for the District of Delaware, as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our stockholders, which could discourage lawsuits against us and our directors, officers, employees and stockholders. 
 Our second amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that unless our board of directors otherwise determines, the state courts in the State of Delaware or, if no state court located within the State of Delaware has jurisdiction, the federal court for the District of Delaware, will be the sole and exclusive forum for any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of us, any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers, employees or stockholders to us or our stockholders, any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL or our second amended and restated certificate of incorporation or bylaws, or any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine. This provision would not apply to claims brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. 
 
 In addition, our second amended and restated bylaws, as amended, provide that the federal district courts of the U.S. will be the exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum. 
 
 These exclusive forum provisions may limit the ability of our stockholders to bring a claim in a judicial forum that such stockholders find favorable for disputes with us or our directors or officers, which may discourage such lawsuits against us and our directors, officers, employees and stockholders. 
 
 Conversion of the Notes may dilute the ownership interest of our stockholders or may otherwise depress the prices of our common stock. 
 
 The conversion of some or all of the Notes may dilute the ownership interests of our stockholders. Upon conversion of the Notes, we have the option to pay or deliver, as the case may be, cash, shares of our common stock, or a combination of cash and shares of our common stock to satisfy any Notes conversion value in excess of the principal amount. If we elect to settle the value in excess of the principal amount in shares of our common stock or a combination of cash and shares of our common stock, any sales in the public market of our common stock issuable upon such conversion could adversely affect prevailing market prices of our common stock. In addition, the existence of the Notes may encourage short selling by market participants because the conversion of the Notes could be used to satisfy short positions, or anticipated conversion of the Notes into shares of our common stock could depress the price of our common stock. 
 The issuance or sale of shares of our common stock, or rights to acquire shares of our common stock, could depress the trading price of our common stock and the Notes. 
 
 We may conduct future offerings of our common stock, preferred stock or other securities that are convertible into or exercisable for our common stock to finance our operations or fund acquisitions, or for other purposes. In addition, we have reserved 20,656,197 shares of common stock for the exercise of stock options or vesting of restricted stock units. The Indenture for the Notes does not restrict our ability to issue additional equity securities in the future. If we issue additional shares of our common stock or rights to acquire shares of our common stock, if any of our existing stockholders sells a substantial amount of our common stock, or if the market perceives that such issuances or sales may occur, then the trading price of our common stock, and, accordingly, the Notes may significantly decline. In addition, our issuance of additional shares of common stock will dilute the ownership interests of our existing common stockholders, including holders of Notes who have received shares of our common stock upon conversion of their Notes. 
 
 47 

General Risks 
 
 We may be required to recognize impairment charges for our goodwill and other intangible assets. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the net carrying value of our goodwill and other intangible assets totaled approximately 4.6 billion. In accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, we periodically assess these assets to determine if they are impaired. Significant negative industry or economic trends, disruptions to our business, inability to effectively integrate acquired businesses, unexpected significant changes or planned changes in use of our assets, changes in the structure of our business, divestitures, market capitalization declines, or increases in associated discount rates may impair our goodwill and other intangible assets. Any charges relating to such impairments would adversely affect our results of operations in the periods recognized. 
 
 Foreign currency exchange rates may adversely affect our financial statements. 
 Sales and purchases in currencies other than the U.S. dollar expose us to fluctuations in foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar and, given our global operations, may adversely affect our financial statements. Increased strength of the U.S. dollar increases the effective price of our products sold in U.S. dollars into other countries, which may require us to lower our prices or adversely affect sales to the extent we do not increase local currency prices. Decreased strength of the U.S. dollar could adversely affect the cost of materials, products and services we purchase overseas. Sales and expenses of our non-U.S. businesses are also translated into U.S. dollars for reporting purposes and the strengthening or weakening of the U.S. dollar could result in unfavorable translation effects. In addition, certain of our businesses may invoice customers in a currency other than the business functional currency, and movements in the invoiced currency relative to the functional currency could also result in unfavorable translation effects. We also face exchange rate risk from our investments in subsidiaries owned and operated in foreign countries. 
 Changes in tax law relating to multinational corporations could adversely affect our tax position. 
 The U.S. Congress, government agencies in non-U.S. jurisdictions where we and our affiliates do business, and the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development OECD have recently focused on issues related to the taxation of multinational corporations. One example is in the area of base erosion and profit shifting, where profits are claimed to be earned for tax purposes in low-tax jurisdictions, or payments are made between affiliates from a jurisdiction with high tax rates to a jurisdiction with lower tax rates. The OECD has released several components of its comprehensive plan to create an agreed set of international rules for addressing base erosion and profit shifting. As a result, the tax laws in the U.S. and other countries in which we do business could change on a prospective or retroactive basis, and any such changes could adversely affect our business and financial statements. 
 We are subject to a variety of litigation and other legal and regulatory proceedings in the course of our business that could adversely affect our business and financial statements. 
 We are or could be subject to a variety of litigation and other legal and regulatory proceedings incidental to our business (or the business operations of previously-owned or subsequently-purchased entities), including claims or counterclaims for damages arising out of the use of products or services and claims relating to intellectual property matters, employment matters, tax matters, commercial disputes, breach of contract claims, competition and sales and trading practices, environmental matters, personal injury, insurance coverage, acquisition-related matters and general statutory claims or other claims pursuant to law, as well as regulatory or judicial subpoenas, requests for information, investigations and enforcement. We may also become involved in lawsuits as a result of past or future acquisitions or as a result of liabilities retained from, or representations, warranties or indemnities provided in connection with, businesses acquired or divested by us or our predecessors. The types of claims made in lawsuits may include claims for compensatory damages, incidental damages, consequential damages, and punitive damages (and in some types of cases, treble damages) and/or injunctive relief. The pursuit or defense of these lawsuits may divert our management s attention, we may incur significant expenses in pursuing or defending these lawsuits, and we may be required to pay damage awards or settlements or become subject to equitable remedies that could adversely affect our operations and financial statements. Moreover, any insurance or indemnification rights that we may have may be insufficient or unavailable to protect us against such losses. In addition, developments in proceedings in any given period may require us to adjust the loss contingency estimates that we have recorded in our financial statements, record estimates for liabilities or assets previously not susceptible of reasonable estimates or pay cash settlements or judgments. Any of these developments could adversely affect our financial statements in any particular period. We cannot assure you that our liabilities in connection with litigation and other legal and regulatory proceedings will not exceed our estimates or adversely affect our financial statements and business. 
 48 

Work stoppages, union and works council campaigns and other labor disputes could adversely impact our productivity and results of operations. 
 Certain of our U.S. and non-U.S. employees are subject to collective labor arrangements. We are subject to potential work stoppages, union and works council campaigns and other labor disputes, any of which could adversely impact our financial statements and business, including our productivity and reputation. 
 Our reputation, ability to do business and financial statements may be impaired by improper conduct by any of our employees, agents or business partners. 
 We cannot provide assurance that our internal controls and compliance systems will always protect us from acts committed by our employees, agents or business partners (or of businesses we acquire or partner with) that would violate U.S. and/or non-U.S. laws, including the laws governing payments to government officials, bribery, fraud, kickbacks and false claims, pricing, sales and marketing practices, conflicts of interest, competition, employment practices and workplace behavior, export and import compliance, economic and trade sanctions, money laundering and data privacy. In particular, the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the UK Bribery Act and similar anti-bribery laws in other jurisdictions generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to government officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business, and we operate in many parts of the world that have experienced governmental corruption to some degree. Any such improper actions or allegations of such acts could damage our reputation and subject us to civil or criminal investigations in the U.S. and in other jurisdictions and related stockholder lawsuits, could lead to substantial civil and criminal, monetary and non-monetary penalties and could cause us to incur significant legal and investigatory fees. In addition, the government may seek to hold us liable for violations committed by companies in which we invest or that we acquire. We also rely on our suppliers to adhere to our supplier standards of conduct, and material violations of such standards of conduct could occur that could have a material effect on our business, reputation and financial statements. 

49 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 Not applicable. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 Our corporate headquarters are located in Brea, California in a facility that we lease. As of December 31, 2022, our facilities included approximately 34 significant office, research and development, manufacturing and distribution facilities. Thirteen of these facilities are located in the U.S. in six states and 21 are located outside the U.S. in 13 other countries, primarily in Europe and to a lesser extent in Asia, the rest of North America, Latin America and the Middle East. These facilities cover approximately 2.6 million square feet, of which approximately 0.6 million square feet are owned and approximately 2.0 million square feet are leased. Particularly outside the U.S., facilities often serve more than one business segment and may be used for multiple purposes, such as administration, sales, manufacturing, warehousing and/or distribution. 
 
 We consider our facilities suitable and adequate for the purposes for which they are used and do not anticipate difficulty in renewing existing leases as they expire or in finding alternative facilities. We believe our properties and equipment have been well-maintained. Please refer to Note 8 to our audited consolidated financial statements for additional information with respect to our lease commitments. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 We are, from time to time, subject to a variety of litigation and other legal and regulatory proceedings and claims incidental to our business. Based upon our experience, current information and applicable law, we do not believe that these proceedings and claims will have a material effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. However, in the event of unexpected further developments, it is possible that the ultimate resolution of these matters, or other similar matters, if unfavorable, may be materially adverse to our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. For additional information, please see Note 15 to our audited consolidated financial statements. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 50 

PART II 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Information with Respect to our Common Stock 
 Our common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange, or NYSE, and trades under the symbol NVST. 
 The number of holders of record of our common stock as of February 10, 2023 was 21. This number of holders of record does not represent the actual number of beneficial owners of our common stock because shares are frequently held in street name by securities dealers and others for the benefit of individual owners who have the right to vote their shares. 
 Performance Graph 
 The following performance graph and related information shall not be deemed soliciting material or filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, nor shall such information be incorporated by reference into any future filings under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Exchange Act, each as amended, except to the extent that we specifically incorporate it by reference into such filing. 
 The following graph shows a comparison of cumulative total stockholder return, calculated on a dividend-reinvested basis, for the Company, the S P 500 Index and the S P Health Care Index from September 18, 2019, the first day our stock traded on the NYSE, through December 31, 2022. The graph assumes 100 was invested in each of our common stock, the S P 500 Index, and the S P Health Care Index as of the market close on September 18, 2019. The S P 500 Stock Index and the S P Health Care Index are included for comparative purposes only. They do not necessarily reflect management s opinion that such indices are an appropriate measure of the relative performance of the stock involved, and they are not intended to forecast or be indicative of possible future performance of our common stock. Note that historic stock price performance is not necessarily indicative of future stock price performance . 

Performance Graph Table September 18, 2019 December 31, 2019 December 31, 2020 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2022 Envista Holdings Corporation 100 106 121 161 120 S P 500 Index 100 108 128 165 135 S P 500 Health Care Index 100 113 126 156 150 
 51 

Dividend Policy 
 We have no present intention to pay cash dividends on our common stock. Any determination to pay dividends to holders of our common stock will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend upon many factors, including our financial condition, results of operations, projections, liquidity, earnings, legal requirements, restrictions in the agreements governing our existing indebtedness and any other indebtedness we may enter into and other factors that our board of directors deems relevant. 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 On January 21, 2022, we completed the issuance of 273,522 restricted stock units RSUs to Pacific Dental Services, LLC PDS pursuant to a development agreement by and between the Company and PDS dated as of December 23, 2021 (the Development Agreement and a share issuance agreement entered into by the parties on the same date. The RSUs will vest upon achievement of certain milestones pursuant to the Development Agreement and will convert on a 1-for-1 basis into shares of our common stock upon vesting. The issuance of these securities was effected without registration in reliance on Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act as a sale by the Company not involving a public offering. No underwriters were involved with the issuance of such securities. 
 
 ITEM 6. [Reserved] 
 
 52 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 INTRODUCTION 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of our business is designed to provide a reader of our financial statements with a narrative from the perspective of management. You should read the following discussion in conjunction with the sections entitled Envista Holdings Corporation Audited Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This section of the Form 10-K generally discusses 2022 and 2021 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2022 and 2021. Discussion of 2020 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2021 and 2020 are not included in this Form 10-K, and can be found in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Part II, Item 7 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations is divided into six sections: 
 Overview 
 Results of Operations 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Qualitative and Quantitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 New Accounting Standards 

OVERVIEW 
 General 
 We provide products that are used to diagnose, treat and prevent disease and ailments of the teeth, gums and supporting bone, as well as to improve the aesthetics of the human smile. We help our customers deliver the best possible patient care through industry-leading solutions, technologies, and services. With leading brand names, innovative technology and significant market positions, we are a leading worldwide provider of a broad range of solutions to support implant-based tooth replacements, orthodontic treatments, digital imaging and diagnostics, as well as general dental consumables, equipment and services, and are dedicated to driving technological innovations that help dental professionals improve clinical outcomes and enhance productivity. Our research and development, manufacturing, sales, distribution, service and administrative facilities are located in more than 30 countries across North America, Asia, Europe, the Middle East and Latin America. 
 
 During 2022, 51 of our sales were derived from customers outside the United States. As a global provider of dental consumables, equipment and services, our operations are affected by worldwide, regional and industry-specific economic and political factors. Given the broad range of dental products, software and services provided and geographies served, we do not use any indices other than general economic trends to predict our overall outlook. Our individual businesses monitor key competitors and customers, including to the extent possible their sales, to gauge relative performance and the outlook for the future. 
 As a result of our geographic and product line diversity, we face a variety of opportunities and challenges, including rapid technological development in most of our served markets, the expansion and evolution of opportunities in emerging markets, trends and costs associated with a global labor force, consolidation of our competitors and increasing regulation. We operate in a highly competitive business environment in most markets, and our long-term growth and profitability will depend in particular on our ability to expand our business in emerging geographies and emerging market segments, identify, consummate and integrate appropriate acquisitions, develop innovative and differentiated new products and services, expand and improve the effectiveness of our sales force, continue to reduce costs and improve operating efficiency and quality and effectively address the demands of an increasingly regulated global environment. We are making significant investments to address the rapid pace of technological change in our served markets and to globalize our manufacturing, research and development and customer-facing resources (particularly in emerging markets and our dental implant business) in order to be responsive to our customers throughout the world and improve the efficiency of our operations. 
 53 

Key Trends and Conditions Affecting Our Results of Operations 
 COVID-19 
 The extent of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business remains uncertain and difficult to predict because of the dynamic and evolving nature of the situation. The global impact of the outbreak continues to adversely affect many industries, and different geographies continue to reflect the effects of public health restrictions in various ways. The economic recovery following the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic is only partially underway and has been gradual, uneven and characterized by meaningful dispersion across sectors and regions with uncertainty regarding its ultimate length and trajectory. During the year ended December 31, 2022, notwithstanding improvement in many markets in which we operate due to a return to more normalized business operations, certain markets continued to be adversely impacted by COVID-19. In particular, sales decreased in China due to lockdowns early in the year and a subsequent relaxing of restrictions, which resulted in increased infection rates. 
 
 Russia-Ukraine Conflict 
 Russia s invasion of Ukraine and the global response to this invasion, including sanctions imposed by the U.S. and other countries, could have an adverse impact on our business, including our ability to market and sell products in the affected regions, potentially heightening our risk of cyber security attacks, impacting our ability to enforce our intellectual property rights in Russia, creating disruptions in the global supply chain, and potentially having an adverse impact on the global economy, financial markets, energy markets, currency rates and otherwise. Russia s invasion of Ukraine did not have a material impact on our financial position or results of operations as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Industry Trends 
 We operate in the large and growing global dental products industry. We believe growth in the global dental industry will be driven by: 
 an aging population; 
 the current under penetration of dental procedures, especially in emerging markets; 
 improving access to complex procedures due to increasing technological innovation; 
 an increasing demand for cosmetic dentistry; and 
 growth of DSOs, which are expected to drive increasing penetration of, and access to, dental care globally. 
 
 Product Development, New Product Launches and Commercial Investment 
 A key element of our targeted value creation strategy is to drive growth through portfolio development and product innovation. Our future growth and success depend on both our pipeline of new products and technologies, including new products and technologies that we may obtain through license or acquisition, and the expansion of the use of our existing products and technologies. We believe we are a leader in dental research and development R D ), with approximately 287.3 million of R D expenditures since 2020 and a track record of product innovation, business development and commercialization. 
 We continue transforming our portfolio by investing in our Implant-Based Tooth Replacement and Orthodontic Solutions businesses and also making investments in emerging markets, critical to our growth strategy. The cost reduction initiatives we have taken and will continue to undertake in the future allow us to further invest in this growth strategy, which in turn we believe should improve our margins. 
 Our continued investment in Spark, our clear aligner system, has led to increased manufacturing capacity and continues to gain market adoption as orthodontists and their patients see the benefits of the clear, stain resistant and comfortable design. We believe that Spark will provide growth opportunities for our Orthodontic Solutions business over the next several years. 
 54 

Foreign Exchange Rates 
 Significant portions of our sales and costs are exposed to changes in foreign exchange rates. During the year ended December 31, 2022, our products were sold in more than 140 countries and 51 of our sales were to customers outside of the United States. We seek to manage our foreign exchange risk, in part, through our operations, including managing same-currency sales in relation to same-currency costs and same-currency assets in relation to same-currency liabilities. As our operations use multiple foreign currencies, including the euro, British pound, Brazilian real, Australian dollar, Japanese yen, Canadian dollar and Chinese yuan, changes in those currencies relative to the U.S. dollar will impact our sales, cost of sales and expenses, and consequently, net income. Exchange rate fluctuations in emerging markets may also directly affect our customers ability to buy our products in these geographic markets. 
 
 On a year-over-year basis, currency exchange rates negatively impacted reported sales by 3.5 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the comparable period of 2021, primarily due to the strengthening of the U.S. dollar against most major currencies. Any future strengthening of the U.S. dollar against major currencies would adversely impact our sales and results of operations and any weakening of the U.S. dollar against major currencies would positively impact our sales and results of operations. 
 General Economic Conditions 
 In addition to industry-specific factors, we, like other businesses, face challenges related to global economic conditions, including rising inflation, increasing interest rates, fluctuating foreign currency exchange rates, slowing economic growth, and continuing supply chain disruptions. Dental costs are largely out-of-pocket for the consumer and thus utilization rates can vary significantly depending on economic growth. While many of our products are considered necessary by patients regardless of the economic environment, certain products and services that support discretionary dental procedures may be more susceptible to changes in economic conditions. 
 Other countries, as well as some private payors, also control the price of health care products, directly or indirectly, through reimbursement, payment, pricing or coverage limitations, tying reimbursement to outcomes or (in the case of governmental entities) compulsory licensing. For example, China has implemented volume-based procurement policies, a series of centralized reforms instituted in China on both a national and regional basis that has resulted in significant price cuts for medical and dental consumables. 
 
 Manufacturing and Supply 
 To date, COVID-19 has had, and may continue to have, an adverse impact on our supply chains and distribution systems. The increase in consumer demand resulting from the lifting of lockdowns has created significant challenges for supply chains as a result of labor and raw material shortages. 
 In order to sell our products, we must be able to reliably produce and ship our products in sufficient quantities. Many of our products involve complex manufacturing processes and are produced at one or a limited number of manufacturing sites. 
 Minor deviations in our manufacturing or logistical processes, unpredictability of a product s regulatory or commercial success or failure, the lead time necessary to construct highly technical and complex manufacturing sites and shifting customer demand increase the potential for capacity imbalances. For a discussion of risks relating to our manufacturing process, refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business. 
 Components of Sales and Costs and Expenses 
 Sales 
 Our sales are primarily derived from the sale of dental consumables, equipment and services to third-party distributors and end-users. For additional information regarding our products, including descriptions of our products, refer to Item 1. Business Business Segments. 
 55 

Costs and Expenses and Other 
 Cost of sales consists primarily of cost of materials, facilities and other infrastructure used to manufacture our products and shipping and handling costs attributable to delivering our products to our customers. Also included in cost of sales are productivity improvement and restructuring expenses related to our manufacturing operations. 
 
 Selling, general and administrative SG A expenses consist of, among other things, the costs of selling, marketing, promotion, advertising and administration (including business technology, facilities, legal, finance, human resources, business development and procurement) and amortization expense for intangible assets that have been acquired through business combinations. Also included in SG A are productivity improvement and restructuring expenses related to our administrative operations. 
 
 R D expenses consist of project costs specific to new product R D and product lifecycle management, overhead costs associated with R D operations, regulatory costs, product registrations and investments that support local market clinical trials for approved indications. We manage overall R D based on our strategic opportunities and do not disaggregate our R D expenses by the nature of the expense or by product as we do not use or maintain such information in managing our business. 
 Nonoperating income (expense) consists of the non-service cost components of net periodic benefit costs (which include interest costs, expected return on plan assets, amortization of prior service cost or credits and actuarial gains and losses) and interest expense, net. 
 Business Performance 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, our sales increased 2.4 , while core sales increased 4.1 as compared to the comparable period of 2021. The impact of foreign currency exchange rates reduced sales in the year ended December 31, 2022, by 3.5 compared to the comparable period of 2021. 
 Acquisitions and Divestitures 
 Our growth strategy contemplates future acquisitions and we continually evaluate potential acquisitions that either strategically fit with our existing portfolio or expand our portfolio into new and attractive business areas. Our operations and results can be affected by the rate and extent to which appropriate acquisition opportunities are available, acquired businesses are effectively integrated and anticipated synergies or cost savings are achieved. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we completed two acquisitions. 
 
 On April 20, 2022, we completed our acquisition of Carestream Dental s Intraoral Scanner Business for total consideration of approximately 580.3 million, including contingent consideration of 7.5 million, and subject to certain customary adjustments as provided in the Purchase Agreement. The Intraoral Scanner Business manufactures, markets, sells, commercializes, distributes, services, trains, supports, and maintains operations of intraoral scanners and software, and is part of our Equipment Consumables segment. We purchased the Intraoral Scanner Business through the acquisition of certain assets and the assumption of certain liabilities as well as the acquisition of all of the equity of certain subsidiaries of Carestream Dental. 
 
 On July 5, 2022, we acquired all of the equity of Osteogenics for total consideration of approximately 128.2 million, subject to certain customary adjustments as provided in the Equity Purchase Agreement dated May 17, 2022. Osteogenics develops innovative regenerative solutions for periodontists, oral and maxillofacial surgeons, and clinicians involved in implant dentistry throughout the world, and is part of our Specialty Products Technologies segment. 
 
 56 

On December 31, 2021, we sold substantially all of the KaVo Treatment Unit and Instrument Business (the Divestiture to planmeca Verwaltungs Gmbh, Germany Planmeca ), pursuant to the master sale and purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement among the Company, Planmeca, and Planmeca Oy, as guarantor. Additionally, on December 30, 2021, we entered into an amendment to the Purchase Agreement (the "Amendment"), providing that the transfer of net assets in Russia, China and Brazil (the "Relevant Jurisdictions") be deferred until the purchaser had formed entities for such transfer of assets in each such Relevant Jurisdiction and the applicable asset transfer agreement could be executed and consummated (each such asset transfer, a "Deferred Local Closing"). Except for the implementation of the Deferred Local Closings and related matters regarding the assets in the Relevant Jurisdictions, the provisions, terms and conditions of the Purchase Agreement were not materially amended by the Amendment. The Amendment did not alter the preliminary purchase price that Planmeca paid to the Company upon the closing of the Divestiture. At December 31, 2021, we recorded a liability of 10.8 million for the proceeds related to the Relevant Jurisdictions. As of December 31, 2022, all three Relevant Jurisdictions have closed and the related liability associated with the proceeds released. In accordance with the terms of the Purchase Agreement, we received total net cash consideration of 386.4 million. 
 
 The Divestiture was part of our strategy to structurally improve our long-term margins and represented a strategic shift with a major effect on our operations and financial results as described in Accounting Standards Codification ASC 205-20. The sale met the criteria to be accounted for as a discontinued operation. Accordingly, we have applied discontinued operations treatment for the Divestiture as required by ASC 205-20. In accordance with ASC 205-20, we reclassified the Divestiture to assets and liabilities held for sale on our Consolidated Balance Sheets and reclassified the financial results of the Divestiture in our Consolidated Statements of Operations for all periods presented. Our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows include the financial results of the KaVo Treatment Unit and Instrument Business for all periods presented. We also revised our discussion and presentation of operating and financial results to be reflective of our continuing operations as required by ASC 205-20. All segment information and descriptions exclude the KaVo Treatment Unit and Instrument Business. 
 
 With the sale of the KaVo Treatment Unit and Instrument business and our two recent acquisitions, we continue to make significant progress toward our long-term goal of re-calibrating our product portfolio to higher growth and higher margin segments. The Divestiture and the acquisitions shifted our revenue mix from approximately 50 each for the Specialty Products Technology and Equipment Consumables segments to 62 for the Specialty Products Technology segment and 38 for the Equipment Consumables segment. The Specialty Products Technology segment is a higher growth and higher margin business than the Equipment Consumables segment. These transactions have allowed us to focus more on higher value and higher margin consumables, imaging, and digital workflow solutions. 
 
 Non-GAAP Measures 
 In order to establish period-to-period comparability, we include the non-GAAP measure of core sales in this report. References to the non-GAAP measure of core sales (also referred to as core revenues or sales/revenues from existing businesses) refer to sales calculated according to GAAP, but excluding: 
 sales from acquired businesses; 
 sales from discontinued products; and 
 the impact of currency translation. 
 We exclude sales from acquired businesses in order to provide accurate year over year comparisons. Sales from discontinued products includes major brands or major products that we have made the decision to discontinue as part of a portfolio restructuring. Discontinued brands or products consist of those which we (1) are no longer manufacturing, (2) are no longer investing in the research or development of, and (3) expect to discontinue all significant sales of within one year from the decision date to discontinue. The portion of sales attributable to discontinued brands or products is calculated as the net decline of the applicable discontinued brand or product from period-to-period. We exclude sales from discontinued products because discontinued products do not have a continuing contribution to operations and management believes that excluding such items provides investors with a means of evaluating our on-going operations and facilitates comparisons to our peers. 
 57 

The portion of sales attributable to currency translation is calculated as the difference between: 
 the period-to-period change in sales; and 
 the period-to-period change in sales after applying current period foreign exchange rates to the prior year period. 
 Core sales growth should be considered in addition to, and not as a replacement for or superior to, sales, and may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies. We believe that reporting the non-GAAP financial measure of core sales growth provides useful information to investors by helping identify underlying growth trends in our on-going business and facilitating comparisons of our sales performance with our performance in prior and future periods and to our peers. We also use core sales growth to measure our operating and financial performance. We exclude the effect of currency translation from core sales because currency translation is not under our control, is subject to volatility and can obscure underlying business trends. 
 Throughout this discussion, references to sales volume refer to the impact of both price and unit sales and references to productivity improvements generally refer to improved cost-efficiencies resulting from the ongoing application of EBS. We believe our deep-rooted commitment to EBS helps drive our market leadership and differentiates us in the dental products industry. EBS encompasses not only lean tools and processes, but also methods for driving growth, innovation and leadership. Within the EBS framework, we pursue a number of ongoing strategic initiatives relating to streamlining business operations, portfolio simplification, reduction of costs, redeployment of resources, customer insight generation, product development and commercialization, efficient sourcing, and improvement in manufacturing and back-office support, all with a focus on continually improving quality, delivery, cost, growth and innovation. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following discussion and analysis of our consolidated statements of earnings should be read along with our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Unless otherwise indicated, all financial data in this Annual Report on Form 10K refer to continuing operations only. For more information on the consolidated basis of preparation, see Note 1 to our audited consolidated financial statements elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Years Ended December 31, Change Change in millions) 2022 2021 2020 2022/2021 2021/2020 Sales 2,569.1 100.0 2,508.9 100.0 1,929.1 100.0 2.4 30.1 Cost of sales 1,094.3 42.6 1,082.4 43.1 874.3 45.3 1.1 23.8 Gross profit 1,474.8 57.4 1,426.5 56.9 1,054.8 54.7 3.4 35.2 Operating costs: SG A expenses 1,055.5 41.1 1,019.8 40.6 924.6 47.9 3.5 10.3 R D expenses 100.1 3.9 100.5 4.0 86.7 4.5 (0.4) 15.9 Operating profit 319.2 12.4 306.2 12.2 43.5 2.3 4.2 603.9 Nonoperating income (expense): Other income (expense) 3.1 0.1 2.4 0.1 (1.0) (0.1) 29.2 NM Interest expense, net (38.4) (1.5) (54.1) (2.2) (62.5) (3.2) (29.0) (13.4) Income (loss) before income taxes 283.9 11.1 254.5 10.1 (20.0) (1.0) 11.6 NM Income tax (benefit) expense 45.9 1.8 (9.0) (0.4) (62.5) (3.2) NM (85.6) Income from continuing operations 238.0 9.3 263.5 10.5 42.5 2.2 (9.7) 520.0 Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax 5.1 0.2 77.0 3.1 (9.2) (0.5) (93.4) NM Net income 243.1 9.5 340.5 13.6 33.3 1.7 (28.6) 922.5 Effective tax rate 16.2 (3.5) 312.5 
 58 

Non-meaningful percentage change related to year-to-year comparisons are designated as NM. 
 Business Segments 
 Sales by business segment were as follows in millions): 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Specialty Products Technologies 1,598.6 1,507.8 1,117.3 Equipment Consumables 970.5 1,001.1 811.8 Total 2,569.1 2,508.9 1,929.1 

GAAP Reconciliation 
 Sales and Core Sales Growth 
 2022 vs. 2021 2021 vs. 2020 Total sales growth (GAAP) 2.4 30.1 Less the impact of: Acquisitions (1.8) Discontinued products 0.4 Currency exchange rates 3.5 (1.5) Core sales growth (non-GAAP) 4.1 29.0 
 Sales and core sales growth for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 2.4 and 4.1 , respectively, compared to the comparable period in 2021. An increase in sales volume positively impacted sales growth by 2.5 on a period-over-period basis, combined with a price increase of 1.6 . Sales in developed markets increased primarily due to strong growth in Western Europe combined with a modest increase in North America. Sales in emerging markets increased primarily due to continued recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic, partially offset by a decrease in China sales due to localized responses to the pandemic, including lockdowns early in the year and subsequent relaxing of restrictions which resulted in an increase to infection rates. 
 
 COST OF SALES AND GROSS PROFIT MARGIN 
 For the Years Ended December 31, in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Cost of sales 1,094.3 1,082.4 874.3 Gross profit margin 57.4 56.9 54.7 
 The increase in cost of sales during the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the comparable period in 2021, was primarily due to higher sales and the unfavorable impact of higher costs due to inflation, partially offset by lower restructuring spend. 
 The increase in gross profit margin during the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the comparable period in 2021, was primarily due to an increase in sales volume and price, combined with lower restructuring spend, partially offset by the unfavorable impact from foreign exchange rates and higher costs due to inflation. 
 59 

OPERATING EXPENSES 
 For the Years Ended December 31, in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Selling, general and administrative expenses 1,055.5 1,019.8 924.6 Research and development expenses 100.1 100.5 86.7 SG A as a of sales 41.1 40.6 47.9 R D as a of sales 3.9 4.0 4.5 
 The increase in SG A expenses as a percentage of sales for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the comparable period of 2021, was primarily due to higher sales and marketing expenses, increased amortization of intangible assets and acquisition related costs, partially offset by higher sales volume. 
 R D expenses as a percentage of sales for the year ended December 31, 2022, was consistent with the comparable period in 2021. 
 
 OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE), NET 
 Included in other income (expense) for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 3.1 million and 2.6 million, respectively of other income (expense) components of net periodic benefit costs. 

INTEREST COSTS AND FINANCING 
 Interest costs were 38.4 million and 54.1 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The decrease in interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the comparable period of 2021 was primarily due to the absence of accretive interest expense related to the convertible debt discount as a result of adopting ASU 2020-06 and overall lower debt outstanding, partially offset by higher interest rates. 
 For a discussion of our outstanding indebtedness, refer to Note 16 to our audited consolidated financial statements elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

INCOME TAXES 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Effective tax rate 16.2 (3.5) 312.5 
 
 Our effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 16.2 compared to (3.5) in 2021. The change in the effective rate was primarily due to the Company s geographical mix of earnings and certain Swiss discrete tax benefits in 2021 not recurring in 2022. 

SPECIALTY PRODUCTS TECHNOLOGIES 
 Our Specialty Products Technologies segment develops, manufactures and markets dental implant systems, including regenerative products, dental prosthetics and associated treatment software and technologies, as well as orthodontic bracket systems, aligners and lab products. 
 60 

Specialty Products Technologies Selected Financial Data 
 For the Years Ended December 31, in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Sales 1,598.6 1,507.8 1,117.3 Operating profit 268.6 272.3 65.8 Depreciation 20.5 24.0 20.6 Amortization 60.2 60.0 60.0 Operating profit as a of sales 16.8 18.1 5.9 Depreciation as a of sales 1.3 1.6 1.8 Amortization as a of sales 3.8 4.0 5.4 
 GAAP Reconciliation 
 Sales and Core Sales Growth 
 2022 vs. 2021 2021 vs. 2020 Total sales growth (GAAP) 6.0 34.9 Less the impact of: Acquisitions (1.1) Discontinued products (0.1) Currency exchange rates 4.2 (1.8) Core sales growth (non-GAAP) 9.1 33.0 
 Sales 
 Sales and core sales growth for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 6.0 and 9.1 , respectively, compared to the comparable period in 2021. Sales growth increased by 8.4 due to higher volume as demand improved for implant systems and orthodontic products, combined with an increase in sales price which impacted sales growth by 0.7 on a period-over-period basis. 
 Sales in developed markets, for the year ended December 31, 2022, increased primarily due to an increase in North America, Western Europe, Eastern Europe and as well as sales in emerging markets, primarily due to reduced impact of COVID-19 measures. Additionally, sales for the year ended December 31, 2022 were also positively impacted by the acquisition of Osteogenics. 
 Operating Profit 
 
 Operating profit margin was 16.8 for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to an operating profit margin of 18.1 for the comparable period of 2021. The decrease in operating profit margin for the year ended December 31, 2022, was primarily due to unfavorable product mix as well as investments in our long-term growth initiatives, including higher sales and marketing expenses and the impact of inflation. The costs were partially offset by higher sales volume and price. 
 
 EQUIPMENT CONSUMABLES 
 Our Equipment Consumables segment develops, manufactures and markets dental equipment and supplies used in dental offices, including digital imaging systems, software and other visualization/magnification systems; endodontic systems and related consumables; restorative materials and instruments, rotary burs, impression materials, bonding agents and cements and infection prevention products. 
 61 

Equipment Consumables Selected Financial Data 
 For the Year Ended December 31, in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Sales 970.5 1,001.1 811.8 Operating profit 172.4 153.8 53.6 Depreciation 8.8 9.9 11.4 Amortization 45.8 21.5 27.3 Operating profit as a of sales 17.8 15.4 6.6 Depreciation as a of sales 0.9 1.0 1.4 Amortization as a of sales 4.7 2.1 3.4 
 GAAP Reconciliation 
 Sales and Core Sales Growth 
 2022 vs. 2021 2021 vs. 2020 Total sales growth (GAAP) (3.1) 23.3 Less the impact of: Acquisitions (2.8) 1.0 Currency exchange rates 2.5 (0.9) Core sales growth (non-GAAP) (3.4) 23.4 
 Sales 
 Sales and core sales growth for the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased 3.1 and 3.4 , respectively, compared to the comparable period in 2021. Price positively impacted sales growth by 2.9 on a period-over-period basis, while sales decreased by 6.3 due to lower demand for our imaging products and infection prevention products, offset by increased demand in our restorative and endodontic solutions. 
 Sales in developed markets, for the year ended December 31, 2022, decreased primarily due to a decrease in North America and Western Europe combined with the decrease in sales in China and other emerging markets. Sales for the year ended December 31, 2022 were positively impacted by the acquisition of the Intraoral Scanner Business. 
 
 Operating Profit 
 Operating profit margin was 17.8 for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to an operating profit margin of 15.4 for the comparable period of 2021. The increase in operating profit margin was primarily due to higher sales price, favorable product mix, and lower restructuring costs, partially offset by lower sales volume, increased amortization of intangibles, and an unfavorable incremental material price costs due in part to inflation. 
 
 LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 We assess our liquidity in terms of our ability to generate cash to fund our operating and investing activities. We continue to generate substantial cash from operating activities and believe that our operating cash flow and other sources of liquidity are sufficient to allow us to manage our capital structure on a short-term and long-term basis and continue investing in existing businesses and consummating strategic acquisitions. 
 
 62 

Following is an overview of our cash flows and liquidity, which includes the cash flows of the KaVo Treatment Unit and Instrument Business for all periods presented: 
 
 Overview of Cash Flows and Liquidity 
 Year Ended December 31, in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Net cash provided by operating activities 182.7 361.6 283.9 Acquisitions, net of cash acquired (696.2) (2.1) (40.7) Payments for additions to property, plant and equipment (75.7) (54.7) (47.7) Proceeds from sales of property, plant and equipment 3.3 11.6 5.3 Proceeds from sale of KaVo Treatment Unit and Instrument Business 73.9 312.5 Proceeds from the settlement of derivative financial instruments 56.0 11.4 14.0 All other investing activities (18.6) (16.0) Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities (657.3) 262.7 (69.1) Proceeds from revolving line of credit 124.0 249.8 Repayment of revolving line of credit (124.0) (250.0) Proceeds from borrowing 0.3 Repayments of borrowing (0.5) (475.7) Proceeds from issuance of convertible senior notes 517.5 Payment of debt issuance and other deferred financing costs (2.3) (17.2) Purchase of capped calls related to issuance of convertible senior notes (20.7) Proceeds from stock option exercises 21.8 19.5 13.8 Tax withholding payment related to net settlement of equity awards (9.1) (7.2) (5.0) All other financing activities 0.1 4.3 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 12.5 (465.6) 492.5 

Operating Activities 
 Cash flows from operating activities can fluctuate significantly from period-to-period due to working capital needs and the timing of payments for income taxes, restructuring activities, pension funding and other items impacting cash flows. 
 
 Net cash provided by operating activities was 182.7 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 361.6 million in 2021. The decrease was primarily due to lower net income, higher incentive compensation payout, transaction costs associated with acquisitions and timing of tax payments. 

Investing Activities 
 Cash flows relating to investing activities consist primarily of cash used for capital expenditures and acquisitions. Capital expenditures are made primarily for increasing capacity, replacing equipment, supporting new product development and improving information technology systems. 
 Net cash used in investing activities wa s 657.3 million during the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 262.7 millio n provided by investing activities for the comparable period in 2021. This increase in cash used in investing activities during 2022 was primarily due to the acquisitions of Osteogenics and the Intraoral Scanner Business, and higher purchase of property, plant and equipment, partially offset by proceeds from the sale of the Kavo Treatment Unit and Instruments Business and the settlement of derivative financial instruments. 
 
 63 

Financing Activities and Indebtedness 
 Net cash provided by financing activities was 12.5 million during the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 465.6 million used in financing activities for the comparable period of 2021. The increase in cash provided by financing activities during 2022 was due to our repayment of 472.0 million of the Euro Term Loan Facility in February 2021 in connection with an amendment to the Credit Agreement. 
 
 For a description of our outstanding debt as of December 31, 2022 and the senior credit facilities, refer to Note 16 to our audited consolidated financial statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 We intend to satisfy any short-term liquidity needs that are not met through operating cash flow and available cash primarily through our revolving credit facility. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had no borrowings outstanding under the revolving credit facility and we had the ability to incur an additional 750 million of indebtedness in direct borrowings under the revolving credit facility. As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with all of our debt covenants. 

Cash and Cash Requirements 
 As of December 31, 2022, 606.9 million of cash and cash equivalents were held on deposit with financial institutions. Of this amount, 92.7 million was held within the United States and 514.2 million was held outside of the United States. We will continue to have cash requirements to support working capital needs, capital expenditures and acquisitions, pay interest and service debt, pay taxes and any related interest or penalties and fund our restructuring activities as required and support other business needs. We generally intend to use available cash and internally generated funds to meet these cash requirements, but in the event that additional liquidity is required, particularly in connection with acquisitions, we may need to enter into new credit facilities or access the capital markets. We may also access the capital markets from time to time to take advantage of favorable interest rate environments or other market conditions. However, there is no guarantee that we will be able to obtain alternative sources of financing on commercially reasonable terms or at all. See Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business. 
 While repatriation of some cash held outside the United States may be restricted by local laws, most of our foreign cash could be repatriated to the United States. Following enactment of the Tax Cut and Jobs Act of 2017 TCJA and the associated transition tax, in general, repatriation of cash to the United States can be completed with no incremental U.S. tax; however, repatriation of cash could subject us to non-U.S. jurisdictional taxes on distributions. The cash that our non-U.S. subsidiaries hold for indefinite reinvestment is generally used to finance foreign operations and investments, including acquisitions. The income taxes, if any, applicable to such earnings including basis differences in our foreign subsidiaries are not readily determinable. 
 As of February 10, 2023, we believe that we have sufficient sources of liquidity to satisfy our cash needs over the next 12 months and beyond, including our cash needs in the United States. 
 Purchase Obligations 
 The Company s purchase obligations primarily consist of agreements to purchase goods or services that are enforceable and legally binding and that specify all significant terms, including fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased, fixed, minimum or variable price provisions and the approximate timing of the transaction. 
 The following table sets forth, by period due or year of expected expiration, as applicable, a summary of purchase obligations as of December 31, 2022, 
 Amount of Commitment Expiration per Period in millions) Total Less Than One Year 1-3 Years 4-5 Years More Than 5 Years Purchase Obligations 84.6 77.9 3.2 2.4 1.1 
 
 For a description of our remaining contractual obligations, such as debt and leases see Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - Note 16 - Debt and Credit Facilities and -Note 8 - Leases. 
 
 64 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 Guarantees and Related Instruments 
 The following table sets forth, by period due or year of expected expiration, as applicable, a summary of our off-balance sheet commitments as of December 31, 2022. 
 Amount of Commitment Expiration per Period in millions) Total Less Than One Year 1-3 Years 4-5 Years More Than 5 Years Guarantees and related instruments 19.0 14.5 3.4 0.4 0.7 
 Guarantees consist primarily of outstanding standby letters of credit and bank guarantees. These guarantees have been provided in connection with certain arrangements with vendors, customers, financing counterparties and governmental entities to secure our obligations and/or performance requirements related to specific transactions. 
 Other Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 In the normal course of business, we periodically enter into agreements that require us to indemnify customers, suppliers or other business partners for specific risks, such as claims for injury or property damage arising out of our products or services or claims alleging that our products or services infringe third-party intellectual property. We have not included any such indemnification provisions in the contractual obligations table above. Historically, we have not experienced significant losses on these types of indemnification obligations. 

Debt Financing Transactions 
 Credit Agreement 
 
 On September 20, 2019, we entered into a credit agreement (the Credit Agreement with a syndicate of banks under which we borrowed approximately 1.3 billion, consisting of the three-year 650.0 million senior term loan facility and the three-year 600.0 million senior euro term loan facility (collectively the Term Loans ). The Credit Agreement also included the five-year, 250.0 million revolving credit facility. 
 
 On February 9, 2021, in connection with an amendment to the Credit Agreement, we repaid 472.0 million of our senior euro term loan facility. 
 
 On June 15, 2021, we entered into an amended and restated credit agreement (the Amended Credit Agreement with a syndicate of banks, The Amended Credit Agreement amends and restates our Credit Agreement, originally dated September 20, 2019 (as amended by Amendment No. 1 to Credit Agreement dated as of May 6, 2020, Amendment No. 2 to Credit Agreement dated as of May 19, 2020, and Amendment No. 3 to Credit Agreement dated as of February 9, 2021). 
 
 Under the Amended Credit Agreement: (a) the maturity date of our existing Term Loans has been extended to September 20, 2024, (b) the revolving credit facility has been increased from 250.0 million to 750.0 million, (c) we may request further increases to the revolving credit facility in an aggregate amount not to exceed 350.0 million, (d) the amount of cash and cash equivalents permitted to be netted in the definition of Consolidated Funded Indebtedness has been increased to up to the greater of (i) 250.0 million and (ii) 50 of Consolidated EBITDA as of the most recent measurement period, and (e) the floor on Eurocurrency rate loans applicable to the revolving credit facility and the senior term loan has been reduced to zero, in each case subject to and in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Amended Credit Agreement. We paid fees aggregating approximately 2.1 million in connection with the Amended Credit Agreement. 
 
 65 

Convertible Senior Notes (the Notes 
 
 On May 21, 2020, we issued the Notes due on June 1, 2025, unless earlier repurchased, redeemed or converted. The aggregate principal amount, which includes the initial purchasers exercise in full of their option to purchase an additional 68 million principal amount of the Notes, was 517.5 million. The net proceeds from the issuance, after deducting purchasers discounts and estimated offering expenses, were 502.6 million. The Notes accrue interest at a rate of 2.375 per annum, payable semi-annually in arrears on June 1 and December 1 of each year, beginning on December 1, 2020. The Notes have an initial conversion rate of 47.5862 shares of our common stock per 1,000 principal amount of Notes, which is equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately 21.01 per share of our common stock and is subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of specified events. The Notes have customary provisions relating to the occurrence of Events of Default (as defined in the Indenture governing the Notes). 
 
 Capped Call Transactions 
 
 In connection with the offering of the Notes, we entered into the Capped Calls with certain counterparties. The Capped Calls each have an initial strike price of approximately 21.01 per share, subject to certain adjustments, which corresponds to the initial conversion price of the Notes. The Capped Calls have initial cap prices of 23.79 per share, subject to certain adjustments. The Capped Calls cover, subject to anti-dilution adjustments, 2.9 million shares of the Company's common stock. The Capped Calls are generally intended to reduce or offset the potential dilution from shares of common stock issued upon any conversion of the Notes with such reduction or offset, as the case may be, subject to a cap based on the cap price. The cost of 20.7 million incurred in connection with the Capped Calls was recorded as a reduction to additional paid-in capital. 

Legal Proceedings 
 Please refer to Note 15 to our audited consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report for information regarding legal proceedings and contingencies, and for a discussion of risks related to legal proceedings and contingencies, please refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors General Risks. 

QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 We are exposed to market risk from changes in foreign currency exchange rates and commodity prices as well as credit risk, each of which could impact our consolidated financial statements. We generally address our exposure to these risks through our normal operating activities. Please refer to Note 2 to our audited consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report for information regarding derivative financial instruments and discussion of exposures to foreign currency and foreign currency-denominated debt. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 Certain of our borrowings are at variable rates of interest, which may expose us to interest rate risk. We have a 650 million senior term loan facility and a 208 million senior euro term loan facility. To manage our interest rate risk, we entered into an interest rate swap agreement during 2022, which matured in September 2022, to convert a portion of the senior term loan variable rate borrowing into a fixed rate borrowing. A 100 basis point increase in the interest rate related to the senior term loan and the senior euro term loan would have increased our interest expense by 7.0 million for 2022. 
 
 Currency Exchange Rate Risk 
 We face transactional exchange rate risk from transactions with customers in countries outside the United States and from intercompany transactions between affiliates. Transactional exchange rate risk arises from the purchase and sale of goods and services in currencies other than our functional currency or the functional currency of our applicable subsidiary. We also face translational exchange rate risk related to the translation of financial statements of our foreign operations into U.S. dollars, our functional currency. Costs incurred and sales recorded by subsidiaries operating outside of the United States are translated into U.S. dollars using exchange rates effective during the respective period. As a result, we are exposed to movements in the exchange rates of various currencies against the U.S. dollar. In particular, we have more sales in European currencies than we have expenses in those currencies. Therefore, when European currencies strengthen or weaken against the U.S. dollar, operating profits are increased or decreased, respectively. The effect of a change in currency exchange rates on our net investment in international subsidiaries is reflected in the accumulated other comprehensive loss component of equity. 
 66 

We have generally accepted the exposure to exchange rate movements without using derivative financial instruments to manage this risk. Both positive and negative movements in currency exchange rates against the U.S. dollar will therefore continue to affect the reported amount of sales and net earnings in our consolidated financial statements. In addition, we have assets and liabilities held in foreign currencies. A 10 depreciation in major currencies relative to the U.S. dollar as of December 31, 2022 would have reduced equity by approximately 248 million. 
 Credit Risk 
 We are exposed to potential credit losses in the event of nonperformance by counterparties to our financial instruments. Financial instruments that potentially subject us to credit risk primarily consist of receivables from customers. For additional information on our credit risk from customers, please refer to Item 1. Business. 
 Our businesses perform credit evaluations of our customers financial conditions as appropriate and also obtain collateral or other security when appropriate. 
 Commodity Price Risk 
 For a discussion of risks relating to commodity prices, refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business. 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 
 Management s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires management to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, sales and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. We base these estimates and judgments on historical experience, the current economic environment and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ materially from these estimates and judgments. 
 We believe the following accounting estimates are most critical to an understanding of our financial statements. Estimates are considered to be critical if they meet both of the following criteria: (1) the estimate requires assumptions about material matters that are uncertain at the time the estimate is made, and (2) material changes in the estimate are reasonably likely from period-to-period. For a detailed discussion on the application of these and other accounting estimates, refer to Note 2 to our audited consolidated financial statements. 
 Business Combinations Purchase-Price Allocation 
 
 Our growth strategy contemplates future acquisitions that either strategically fit with our existing portfolio or expand our portfolio. As a result, accounting for such business combinations requires the allocation of purchase price to the various assets and liabilities of the acquired business at their respective fair values. We use all available information to make these fair value determinations. Determining the fair value of assets acquired requires judgement and assumptions regarding future projection of sales and operating margin, including discount rates. 
 
 Acquired Intangibles 
 
 Our business acquisitions typically result in the recognition of goodwill, patents, technology, customer relationships and other intangible assets, which affect the amount of future period amortization expense and possible impairment charges that we may incur. Refer to Notes 2, 3 and 9 to our audited consolidated financial statements for a description of our policies relating to acquisitions, goodwill and acquired intangibles. 
 On the first business day of the fourth quarter of 2022, we performed our annual goodwill impairment test. We first assessed qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount or performed a quantitative impairment test. When tested quantitatively, the estimated fair value of reporting units was determined using a combination of techniques, including an income approach and a market-based approach. The discounted cash flow model (i.e., an income approach) requires judgments and assumptions about projected sales growth, future operating margins, discount rates and terminal values. In evaluating the estimates derived by the market-based approach, management makes judgments about the relevance and reliability of the multiples by considering factors unique to our reporting units, including operating results, business plans, economic projections, anticipated future cash flows, business trends and our market capitalization. There are inherent uncertainties related to these assumptions and our judgment in applying them to the analysis of goodwill impairment. Our analysis indicated that the fair values of our reporting units exceeded their carrying values and consequently did not result in an impairment charge. 
 
 67 

We review identified intangible assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the related carrying amounts may not be recoverable. We also test intangible assets with indefinite lives at least annually for impairment. Determining whether an impairment loss occurred requires a comparison of the carrying amount to the sum of discounted cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. These analyses require us to make judgments and estimates about future sales, expenses, market conditions and discount rates related to these assets. 
 If actual results are not consistent with our estimates and assumptions, goodwill and other intangible assets may be overstated and a charge would need to be taken against net income which would adversely affect our consolidated financial statements. 
 Contingent Liabilities 
 As discussed in Note 15 to our audited consolidated financial statements, we are, from time to time, subject to a variety of litigation and similar contingent liabilities incidental to our business (or the business operations of previously owned entities). We recognize a liability for any contingency that is known or probable of occurrence and reasonably estimable. These assessments require judgments concerning matters such as litigation developments and outcomes, the anticipated outcome of negotiations, the number of future claims and the cost of both pending and future claims. In addition, because most contingencies are resolved over long periods of time, liabilities may change in the future due to various factors, including those discussed in Note 15 to our audited consolidated financial statements. If the reserves we established with respect to these contingent liabilities are inadequate, we would be required to incur an expense equal to the amount of the loss incurred in excess of the reserves, which would adversely affect our financial statements. 
 Pension Plans 
 For a description of our pension accounting practices, refer to Note 13 to our audited consolidated financial statements. Calculations of the amount of pension costs and obligations depend on the assumptions used in the actuarial valuations, including assumptions regarding discount rates, expected return on plan assets, rates of salary increases, health care cost trend rates, mortality rates and other factors. If the assumptions used in calculating pension costs and obligations are incorrect or if the factors underlying the assumptions change (as a result of differences in actual experience, changes in key economic indicators or other factors) our financial statements could be materially affected. A 50 basis point reduction in the discount rates used for the plans for 2022 would have increased the net obligation by 6.2 million 4.8 million on an after-tax basis) from the amounts recorded in the financial statements as of December 31, 2022. A 50 basis point increase in the discount rates used for the plans for 2022 would have decreased the net obligation by 5.4 million 4.2 million on an after-tax basis) from the amounts recorded in the financial statements as of December 31, 2022. 
 The plan assets consist of various insurance contracts, equity and debt securities as determined by the administrator of each plan. The estimated long-term rate of return ranged from 3.50 to 4.10 . A 50 basis points decrease in the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets for 2023 would result in an increase of 0.4 million in pension expense for the plans for 2023. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 
 For a description of our income tax accounting policies, refer to Note 21 to our audited consolidated financial statements. We establish valuation allowances for our deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred tax asset will not be realized. This requires us to make judgments and estimates regarding: (1) the ability under tax law to carry back losses, (2) timing and amount of the reversal of taxable temporary differences, (3) expected future taxable income of the appropriate character, and (4) the impact of prudent and feasible tax planning strategies that the Company would implement to prevent an otherwise expiring tax attribute to be unutilized. Future changes to enacted tax rates would also impact the amounts of deferred tax assets and liabilities and could have an adverse impact on our financial statements. 
 
 We provide for unrecognized tax benefits when, based upon the technical merits, it is more likely than not that an uncertain tax position will not be sustained upon examination. Judgment is required in evaluating tax positions and determining income tax provisions. We re-evaluate the technical merits of our tax positions and may recognize an uncertain tax benefit in certain circumstances, including when: (1) a tax audit is completed; (2) applicable tax laws change, including a tax case ruling or legislative guidance; or (3) the applicable statute of limitations expires. 
 An increase of 1.0 in our 2022 nominal tax rate would have resulted in additional income tax expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 of 2.8 million. 
 
 68 

On August 16, 2022, the U.S. enacted the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, which, among other things, implements a 15 minimum tax on book income of certain large corporations, a 1 excise tax on net stock repurchases and several tax incentives to promote clean energy. Based on our current analysis of the provisions, we do not believe this legislation will have a material impact on our financial statements. 

NEW ACCOUNTING STANDARDS 
 For a discussion of the new accounting standards impacting us, refer to Note 2 to our audited consolidated financial statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 The information required by this item is included under Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SCHEDULE 
 Page Envista Holdings Corporation Audited Annual Consolidated Financial Statements: Report of Management on Envista Holdings Corporation s Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 70 
 Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 71 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 74 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 75 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 76 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 77 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 78 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 80 
 Financial Statement Schedule Schedule II, Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 
 125 
 
 69 

Report of Management on Envista Holdings Corporation s Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 The management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Company. Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 
 The Company s management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, the Company s management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013 framework). Based on this assessment, management concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, the Company s internal control over financial reporting is effective. 
 
 The Company s independent registered public accounting firm has issued an audit report on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. This report dated February 16, 2023 appears on page 73 of this 
 Form 10-K. 
 70 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Envista Holdings Corporation 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Envista Holdings Corporation (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, changes in equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, the related notes, and financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a) (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework), and our report dated February 16, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Adoption of ASU No. 2020-06 
 
 As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company changed its method of accounting for convertible instruments in 2022 due to the adoption of ASU 2020-06 Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815 40). 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 71 

Goodwill Impairment Description of the Matter As discussed in Note 9 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s annual test date for goodwill impairment is the first business day of its fiscal fourth quarter. Total goodwill as of December 31, 2022 was 3.5 billion and represented 53 of total assets. As discussed in Note 9 of the consolidated financial statements, goodwill is not amortized but rather is tested for impairment at least annually at the reporting unit level. The Company did not record any impairment of the carrying value of goodwill during the year ended December 31, 2022. Auditing management s goodwill impairment test for one of the Company s reporting units was challenging and judgmental due to the estimation required to determine the fair value of the reporting unit. In particular, the significant judgments underlying the fair value estimate of this reporting unit relate to the assumption of future cash flows based on estimates of financial forecasts. This significant assumption is affected by estimated future market and economic conditions. 
 
 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 
 We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design, and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Company s goodwill impairment evaluation process. For example, we tested controls over management s review of the estimated fair value of the reporting unit, the significant assumption utilized in the estimation of the fair value of the reporting unit, discussed above, and the data inputs utilized in the fair value estimate. 
 
 To test the estimated fair value of the Company s reporting unit, our principal audit procedures included (i) evaluating the significant assumption, discussed above, and (ii) testing the underlying data used by the Company in its analysis. For example, we compared the significant assumption used by management, to historical results, the Company s business model and other relevant factors. We also evaluated the consistency and appropriateness of the significant assumption selected for use in the discounted cash flow method against forecasts. We performed sensitivity analyses of the significant assumption to evaluate changes in fair value of the reporting unit to determine if contrary evidence exists. We also assessed the historical accuracy of management s forecasts of financial results used in developing fair value estimates to assist in evaluating the reliability of the forecast utilized in the estimate. 
 Business Combinations Description of the Matter In April 2022, the Company completed its acquisition of the Carestream Dental Technology Parent Limited s Intraoral Scanner Business (the Intraoral Scanner Business) for total consideration of 580.3 million, as disclosed in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements. The transaction was accounted for as a business combination. Auditing the Company's accounting for its acquisition of the Intraoral Scanner Business was complex due to the significant estimation required by management to determine the fair value of certain acquired intangible assets. The significant estimation was primarily due to the judgment utilized in the inputs of the valuation model used by management to measure the fair value of the acquired developed technology asset and the sensitivity of the fair value. How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 
 We tested the Company's controls over its acquisition of the Intraoral Scanner Business. For example, we tested controls over the recognition and measurement of the developed technology asset and the consideration transferred, inclusive of the valuation models and underlying assumptions used to develop such estimates. To test the estimated fair value of the developed technology asset, we performed audit procedures that included, among others, testing the significant assumptions used in the model, including the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data. As part of these procedures, we assessed the reasonableness of the estimates used in the valuation by (i) assessing the historical results compared to projected results, (ii) engaging valuation specialists to assess the methods, models, and assumptions used within the valuation, and (iii) verifying underlying assumptions utilized by management in the valuation of the acquired asset, including the key inputs, inclusive of the revenue projections attributable to the acquired asset. 
 
 /s/ 
 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2018. 

February 16, 2023 
 72 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Envista Holdings Corporation 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited Envista Holdings Corporation s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Envista Holdings Corporation (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, changes in equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, the related notes, and financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a) and our report dated February 16, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Report of Management on Envista Holdings Corporation s Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 Irvine, California 
 
 February 16, 2023 
 73 

ENVISTA HOLDINGS CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 in millions, except share amounts) As of December 31, 2022 2021 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Trade accounts receivable, less allowance for credit losses of and , respectively 
 Inventories, net Prepaid expenses and other current assets Assets held for sale Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Other long-term assets Goodwill Other intangible assets, net Total assets LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Current liabilities: Short-term debt Trade accounts payable Accrued expenses and other liabilities Operating lease liabilities Liabilities held for sale Total current liabilities Operating lease liabilities Other long-term liabilities Long-term debt Commitments and contingencies Stockholders equity: Preferred stock, par value, million shares authorized; shares issued or outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 Common stock - par value, million shares authorized; million shares issued and million shares outstanding at December 31, 2022; million shares issued and million shares outstanding at December 31, 2021 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total Envista stockholders equity Noncontrolling interests Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 See the accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 74 

ENVISTA HOLDINGS CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 and shares in millions, except per share amounts) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Sales Cost of sales Gross profit Operating expenses: Selling, general and administrative Research and development Operating profit Nonoperating income (expense): Other income (expense) ) Interest expense, net ) ) ) Income (loss) before income taxes ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) ) Income from continuing operations, net of tax Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax (Note 4) ) Net income Earnings per share: Earnings from continuing operations - basic Earnings from continuing operations - diluted Earnings (loss) from discontinued operations - basic ) Earnings (loss)from discontinued operations - diluted ) Earnings - basic Earnings - diluted Average common stock and common equivalent shares outstanding: Basic Diluted 
 See the accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 75 

ENVISTA HOLDINGS CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 in millions) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net income Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of income taxes: Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Cash flow hedge adjustments ) Pension plan adjustments Total other comprehensive (loss) income, net of income taxes ) ) Comprehensive income 
 See the accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 76 

ENVISTA HOLDINGS CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 in millions) 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Total Envista Equity Noncontrolling Interests Balance, December 31, 2019 ) Common stock-based award activity Equity component of convertible senior notes, net of financing costs and taxes Purchase of capped calls related to issuance of convertible senior notes, net of taxes ) ) Separation related adjustments Net income Other comprehensive income Changes in noncontrolling interests ) Balance, December 31, 2020 ) Common stock-based award activity Separation related adjustments Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Balance, December 31, 2021 ) Cumulative effect of adjustment related to change in accounting principle. (Note 16) ) ) Balance, January 1, 2022 ) Change in noncontrolling interest ) Common stock-based award activity Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Balance, December 31, 2022 ) 
 
 See the accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 77 

ENVISTA HOLDINGS CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 in millions) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Noncash items: Depreciation Amortization Allowance for credit losses Stock-based compensation expense Gain on sale of property, plant and equipment ) ) Gain on sale of KaVo treatment unit and instrument business ) ) Restructuring charges Impairment charges Fair value adjustment of acquisition-related inventory Amortization of right-of-use assets Amortization of debt discount and issuance costs Change in deferred income taxes ) ) ) Change in trade accounts receivable ) ) Change in inventories ) ) Change in trade accounts payable ) Change in prepaid expenses and other assets ) ) ) Change in accrued expenses and other liabilities ) Change in operating lease liabilities ) ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Acquisitions, net of cash acquired ) ) ) Payments for additions to property, plant and equipment ) ) ) Proceeds from sales of property, plant and equipment Proceeds from sale of KaVo treatment unit and instrument business, net Proceeds from the settlement of derivative financial instruments All other investing activities, net ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from revolving line of credit Repayment of revolving line of credit ) ) Proceeds from borrowing Repayment of borrowing ) Proceeds from issuance of convertible senior notes Payment of debt issuance and other deferred financing costs ) ) Purchase of capped calls related to issuance of convertible senior notes ) Proceeds from stock option exercises Tax withholding payment related to net settlement of equity awards ) ) ) All other financing activities 
 78 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents ) ) Net change in cash and cash equivalents ) Beginning balance of cash and cash equivalents Ending balance of cash and cash equivalents Supplemental data: Cash paid for interest Cash paid for taxes ROU assets obtained in exchange for operating lease obligations 
 See the accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 79 

ENVISTA HOLDINGS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 NOTE 1. 
 business segments: Specialty Products Technologies and Equipment Consumables. 
 The Company s Specialty Products Technologies segment develops, manufactures and markets dental implant systems, including regenerative solutions, dental prosthetics and associated treatment software and technologies, as well as orthodontic bracket systems, aligners and lab products. The Company s Equipment Consumables segment develops, manufactures and markets dental equipment and supplies used in dental offices, including digital imaging systems, software and other visualization/magnification systems; endodontic systems and related consumables; and restorative materials and instruments, rotary burs, impression materials, bonding agents and cements and infection prevention products. 

Risks and Uncertainties 
 
 The Company is subject to risks and uncertainties as a result of the novel coronavirus COVID-19 pandemic. 
 
 The extent of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Company remains uncertain and difficult to predict because of the dynamic and evolving nature of the situation. The global impact of the outbreak continues to adversely affect many industries, and different geographies continue to reflect the effects of public health restrictions in various ways. The economic recovery following the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic is only partially underway and has been gradual, uneven and characterized by meaningful dispersion across sectors and regions with uncertainty regarding its ultimate length and trajectory. During the year ended December 31, 2022, notwithstanding improvement in many markets in which the Company operates due to a return to more normalized business operations, certain markets continued to be adversely impacted by COVID-19. In particular, sales decreased in China due to lockdowns early in the year and a subsequent relaxing of restrictions, which resulted in increased infection rates. 
 
 In addition, Russia s invasion of Ukraine and the global response to this invasion, including sanctions imposed by the U.S. and other countries, could have an adverse impact on the Company s business, including impacting the Company s ability to market and sell products in the affected regions, potentially heightening our risk of cyber security attacks, impacting its ability to enforce its intellectual property rights in Russia, creating disruptions in the global supply chain, and by potentially having an adverse impact on the global economy, financial markets, energy markets, currency rates and otherwise. 
 
 80 

NOTE 2. 

81 

years 
 Leased assets and leasehold improvements Amortized over the lesser of the economic life of the asset or the term of the lease Machinery, equipment and other assets years 

No significant realized or unrealized gains or losses were recorded during the three years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 with respect to these investments. 
 
 Refer to Note 12 for the fair values of the Company s other financial instruments. 
 82 

t record any impairment loss for goodwill or indefinite-lived intangible assets in 2022, 2021 and 2020. 

Refer to Note 9 for additional information about the Company s goodwill and other intangible assets. 
 
 83 

Refer to Note 20 for additional information. 

84 

Refer to Note 11 for additional information on derivative financial instruments. 
 
 Refer to Note 17 for additional information on the stock-based compensation plan in which certain employees of the Company participate. 

Refer to Note 13 for additional information on the Company s pension plans including a discussion of the actuarial assumptions, the Company s policy for recognizing the associated gains and losses and the method used to estimate service and interest cost components. 

85 

million increase to the carrying value of the convertible notes due 2025, net of deferred debt issuance costs and unamortized discount and a decrease to additional paid-in capital of million. Additionally, the adoption resulted in a million increase to retained earnings and an million decrease to the related net deferred tax liability associated with the reduction of unamortized debt discount and deferred debt issuance costs. Refer to Note 16 for a further discussion of the impact of adopting ASU 2020-06. 
 
 In March 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-04, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Facilitation of the Effects of Reference Rate Reform on Financial Reporting , which provides optional expedients and exceptions for applying GAAP to contracts, hedging relationships and other transactions that reference London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR or another reference rate expected to be discontinued because of reference rate reform. ASU 2020-04 is effective for public entities through December 31, 2022. However, in December 2022, the FASB issued ASU 2022-06, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Deferral of the Sunset Date of Topic 848 to defer the effective date of ASU 2020-04 from December 31, 2022 to December 31, 2024. The Company adopted ASU 2020-04 as of December 31, 2022 and its adoption did not have an impact on the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements. 

NOTE 3. 
 million, subject to certain customary adjustments as provided in the Equity Purchase Agreement dated May 17, 2022. Osteogenics develops innovative regenerative solutions for periodontists, oral and maxillofacial surgeons, and clinicians involved in implant dentistry throughout the world, and is part of the Company s Specialty Products Technologies segment. 
 
 Carestream Dental Technology Parent Limited s Intraoral Scanner Business 
 On April 20, 2022, the Company completed the acquisition of Carestream Dental Technology Parent Limited s Carestream Dental intraoral scanner business (the Intraoral Scanner Business for total consideration of million, including contingent consideration of million, and subject to certain customary adjustments as provided in the Stock and Asset Purchase Agreement dated December 21, 2021 and as subsequently amended by the closing agreement dated as of April 20, 2022. The Intraoral Scanner Business manufactures, markets, sells, commercializes, distributes, services, trains, supports, and maintains operations of intraoral scanners and software, and is part of the Company s Equipment Consumables segment. The Company purchased the Intraoral Scanner Business through the acquisition of certain assets and the assumption of certain liabilities as well as the acquisition of all of the equity of certain subsidiaries of Carestream Dental. 
 
 86 

Accounts receivable Inventories Intangible assets Property, plant and equipment Prepaids and Other Current Assets Goodwill Non-current deferred tax asset Operating lease right-of-use assets Other long-term assets Total assets acquired Liabilities assumed: Accounts payable ) ) Accrued expenses and other liabilities ) ) Non-current deferred tax liability ) Other long-term liabilities ) Operating lease liabilities ) ) Total liabilities assumed ) ) Total net assets acquired 
 
 The Company may up to 12 months after closing refine the estimates of fair value and more accurately allocate the purchase price. Only items that existed as of the acquisition date are considered for subsequent adjustment. The finalization of the acquisition valuation assessment for these acquisitions may result in a change in the valuation of deferred taxes and goodwill, which could have a material impact on the Company s financial statements. 
 
 The intangible assets acquired consist of trade name, developed technology, and customer relationships. The weighted average amortization period of the acquired intangible assets in the aggregate is and years for the Intraoral Scanner Business and Osteogenics, respectively. 
 
 The excess of the purchase price over the fair value assigned to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed represents the goodwill resulting from the acquisitions. Goodwill attributable to the acquisitions has been recorded as a non-current asset and is not amortized, but is subject to review at least on an annual basis for impairment. Goodwill recognized was primarily attributable to expected operating efficiencies and expansion opportunities in the businesses acquired. Goodwill is not deductible for income tax purposes. The pro forma impact of the acquisitions is not presented as the acquisitions were not considered material to the Company's Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Legal, accounting, and other professional service costs associated with the acquisitions were million for the year ended December 31, 2022, and have been recorded as selling, general and administrative expense in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 87 

NOTE 4. 
 million for the proceeds related to the Relevant Jurisdictions. At December 31, 2022, all three Relevant Jurisdictions have closed and the related liability associated with the proceeds released. In accordance with the terms of the Purchase Agreement, the Company received total net cash consideration of million. 
 
 The results of the Divestiture are presented as discontinued operations for all periods presented in the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements, with the exception of the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows which include the financial results of the KaVo Treatment Unit and Instrument Business for all periods presented. 
 
 Current assets held for sale LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Current liabilities: Liabilities for Relevant Jurisdictions Current liabilities held for sale 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the amounts represent activity for the entire Divestiture, while amounts for the year ended December 31, 2022, represent activity for the remaining Relevant Jurisdictions prior to closing. Cost of sales Gross profit Operating expenses: Selling, general and administrative Research and development Operating (loss) profit ) ) Income tax expense ) (Loss) income from discontinued operations ) ) Gain on sale of discontinued operations, net of tax Net income (loss) from discontinued operations ) 
 88 

Impairment charges Depreciation and amortization 1 
 Cash flows from investing activities: Capital expenditures 1 Depreciation and amortization were no longer recognized once the business was classified as discontinued operations as of August 27, 2021. 

NOTE 5. 
 
 portfolio segment based on the following risk characteristics: geographic regions, product lines, default rates and customer specific factors. 
 
 The factors used by management in its credit loss analysis are inherently subject to uncertainty. If actual results are not consistent with management s estimates and assumptions, the allowance for credit losses may be overstated or understated and a charge or credit to net income (loss) may be required. 
 
 Foreign currency translation ) Provision for credit losses Write-offs charged against the allowance ) Recoveries ) Balance at December 31, 2022 

NOTE 6. 
 Work in process Raw materials Reserve for inventory obsolescence ) ) Total 
 
 89 

NOTE 7. 
 Buildings and improvements Machinery, equipment and other assets Construction in progress Gross property, plant and equipment Less: accumulated depreciation ) ) Property, plant and equipment, net 

NOTE 8. 
 years and some leases include options to terminate the lease within days. The Company regularly evaluates the renewal options and, when the options are reasonably certain of being exercised, they are included in the lease term. In certain of the Company s lease agreements, the rental payments are adjusted periodically to reflect actual charges incurred for common area maintenance, utilities, inflation and/or changes in other indexes. The Company has elected to combine lease and non-lease components for leases of all asset classes where the Company is the lessee. At inception, the Company determines whether an agreement represents a lease and, at commencement, evaluates each lease agreement to determine whether the lease is an operating or finance lease. 
 Variable lease costs consist primarily of taxes, insurance, and common area or other maintenance costs for leased facilities and vehicles, which are paid based on actual costs incurred. 
 Variable operating lease expense Total operating lease expense 
 ______________ 
 (a) Includes short-term leases and sublease income, both of which were not significant. 
 years years Weighted average discount rate 
 90 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total operating lease payments Less: imputed interest ) Total operating lease liabilities 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had no additional significant operating or finance leases that had not yet commenced. 

NOTE 9. 
 goodwill impairment charges were recorded for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 and no triggering events have occurred subsequent to the performance of the 2022 annual impairment test. The factors used by management in its impairment analysis are inherently subject to uncertainty. If actual results are not consistent with management s estimates and assumptions, goodwill and other intangible assets may be overstated and a charge to net income may be required. 
 Acquisitions Foreign currency translation ) ) ) Balance, December 31, 2022 
 91 

) ) Customer relationships and other intangibles ) ) Trademarks and trade names ) ) Total finite-lived intangibles ) ) Indefinite-lived intangibles: Trademarks and trade names Total intangibles ) ) 
 Total intangible amortization expense in 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter 
 
 NOTE 10. 
 Sales and product allowances Contract liabilities Taxes, income and other Restructuring-related employee severance, benefits and other Pension benefits Loss contingencies Derivative financial instruments Other Total 
 
 92 

NOTE 11. 
 million. This senior unsecured term loan facility represents a partial hedge of the Company s net investment in foreign operations against adverse movements in exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and the euro. The euro senior unsecured term loan facility is designated and qualifies as a non-derivative hedging instrument. Accordingly, the foreign currency translation of the euro senior unsecured term loan facility is recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss in equity in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets, offsetting the foreign currency translation adjustment of the Company s related net investment that is also recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss in equity (see Note 18). Any ineffective portions of net investment hedges are reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss into income during the period of change. The euro senior unsecured term loan facility matures in September 2024. Refer to Note 16 for a further discussion of the above loan facility. 
 
 The Company has used cross-currency swap derivative contracts to partially hedge its net investments in foreign operations against adverse movements in exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and the euro. The cross-currency swap derivative contracts were agreements to exchange fixed-rate payments in one currency for fixed-rate payments in another currency. The Company maintained cross-currency swap derivative contracts with respect to its million senior unsecured term loan facility. These contracts effectively converted the million senior unsecured term loan facility to an obligation denominated in euros and partially offset the impact of changes in currency rates on foreign currency denominated net investments. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company settled all of its cross-currency swap derivative contracts and as of December 31, 2022 did not have any cross-currency swap derivative contracts outstanding. The changes in the fair value of these instruments were recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss in equity, in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets, partially offsetting the foreign currency translation adjustment of the Company s related net investment that was also recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss as reflected in Note 18. Any ineffective portions of net investment hedges were reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss into income during the period of change. The interest income or expense from these swaps was recorded in interest expense, net in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations consistent with the classification of interest expense attributable to the underlying debt. 
 
 The Company has also used interest rate swap derivative contracts to reduce its variability of cash flows related to interest payments with respect to its senior unsecured term loans. The interest rate swap contracts exchanged interest payments based on variable rates for interest payments based on fixed rates. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the existing interest rate swap matured. As of December 31, 2022, the Company did not have any outstanding interest rate swap contracts. The changes in the fair value of these instruments were recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss in equity (see Note 18). Any ineffective portions of the cash flow hedges were reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss into income during the period of change. The interest income or expense from these swaps was recorded in interest expense in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations consistent with the classification of interest expense attributable to the underlying debt. 
 Interest rate contract Foreign currency contracts Total 
 93 

Interest rate contracts Foreign currency contracts Total 
 
 Gains or losses related to the foreign currency contracts and foreign currency denominated debt were classified as foreign currency translation adjustments in the schedule of changes in OCI in Note 18, as these items were attributable to the Company s hedges of its net investment in foreign operations. Gains or losses related to the interest rate contracts were classified as cash flow hedge adjustments in the schedule of changes in OCI in Note 18. The Company did reclassify any deferred gains or losses related to net investment and cash flow hedges from accumulated other comprehensive loss to income during the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company reclassified million, net of tax, of certain deferred losses related to its net investment hedges from accumulated other comprehensive loss to income during the year ended December 31, 2021 related to the Divestiture. In addition, the Company did not have any ineffectiveness related to net investment and cash flow hedges during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The cash inflows and outflows associated with the Company s derivative contracts designated as net investment hedges are classified in investing activities in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 
 
 Nonderivative hedging instruments: Long-term debt 
 Amounts related to the Company s derivatives expected to be reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss to net income during the next 12 months are not significant. 

NOTE 12. 
 
 94 

Contingent consideration December 31, 2021: Liabilities: Interest rate swap derivative contracts Cross-currency swap derivative contracts Deferred compensation plans 
 Derivative Instruments 
 The cross-currency and interest rate swap derivative contracts were classified as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy as they are measured using the income approach with the relevant interest rates, foreign currency current exchange rates and forward curves as inputs. Refer to Note 11 for additional information. 
 
 Deferred Compensation Plans 
 Certain management employees of the Company participate in nonqualified deferred compensation programs that permit such employees to defer a portion of their compensation, on a pretax basis. All amounts deferred under this plan are unfunded, unsecured obligations and are presented as a component of the Company s compensation and benefits accrual included in accrued expenses in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets (refer to Note 10). Participants may choose among alternative earnings rates for the amounts they defer, which are primarily based on investment options within the Company s 401(k) program. Changes in the deferred compensation liability under these programs are recognized based on changes in the fair value of the participants accounts, which are based on the applicable earnings rates on investment options within the Company s 401(k) program. Amounts voluntarily deferred by employees into the Company stock fund and amounts contributed to participant accounts by the Company are deemed invested in the Company s common stock and future distributions of such contributions will be made solely in shares of Company common stock, and therefore are not reflected in the above amounts. 
 Contingent Consideration 
 Contingent consideration represents a cash hold back intended to be used for certain liabilities related to the Company s acquisition of the Intraoral Scanner Business (as further discussed in Note 3). Contingent consideration was classified as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy as the estimated fair value was measured using a probability weighted discounted cash flow model. 
 95 

Interest rate swap derivative contracts Cross-currency swap derivative contracts Convertible senior notes due 2025 Long-term debt 
 The fair value of long-term debt approximates the carrying value as these borrowings are based on variable market rates. The fair value of the convertible senior notes due 2025 was determined based on the quoted bid price of the convertible senior notes in an over-the-counter market on December 31, 2022 and 2021. The convertible senior notes are considered as Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. The fair values of cash and cash equivalents, which consist primarily of money market funds, time and demand deposits, trade accounts receivable, net and trade accounts payable approximate their carrying amounts due to the short-term maturities of these instruments. 
 
 Refer to Note 13 for information related to the fair value of the Company sponsored defined benefit pension plan assets. 

NOTE 13. 
 96 

) Service cost ) ) Interest cost ) ) Employee contributions ) ) Benefits and other expenses paid Actuarial gain Amendments, settlements and curtailments Foreign exchange rate impact Benefit obligation at end of year ) ) Change in plan assets: Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year Actual return on plan assets ) Employer contributions Employee contributions Amendments and settlements ) ) Benefits and other expenses paid ) ) Foreign exchange rate impact ) ) Fair value of plan assets at end of year Funded status ) ) 
 
 Rate of compensation increase) ) ) Interest cost ) ) ) Expected return on plan assets Amortization of prior service credit and initial net obligation Amortization of actuarial gain (loss) ) ) Net settlement and curtailment gain (loss) ) Net periodic pension cost ) ) ) 
 97 

) ) Selling, general and administrative ) ) ) Other net periodic pension costs: Other income (expense) ) Total ) ) ) 
 Expected long-term return on plan assets Rate of compensation increase 
 
 The discount rate reflects the market rate on December 31 of the prior year for high-quality fixed-income investments with maturities corresponding to the Company s benefit obligations and is subject to change each year. The rates appropriate for each plan are determined based on investment grade instruments with maturities approximately equal to the average expected benefit payout under the plan. The Company periodically updates the mortality assumptions used to estimate the projected benefit obligation. 
 
 Included in accumulated other comprehensive loss as of December 31, 2022 are the following amounts that have not yet been recognized in net periodic pension cost: unrecognized prior service credits of million million, net of tax) and unrecognized actuarial gain of million million, net of tax). The unrecognized actuarial gain and prior service credits, net, are calculated as the difference between the actuarially determined projected benefit obligation and the value of the plan assets less accrued pension costs as of December 31, 2022. The amounts included in accumulated comprehensive income (loss) and expected to be recognized in net periodic pension costs during the year ending December 31, 2023 is a prior service credit of million million, net of tax) and an actuarial gain of million million, net of tax), respectively. No plan assets are expected to be returned to the Company during the year ending December 31, 2023. 
 
 Selection of Expected Rate of Return on Assets 
 The expected rate of return reflects the asset allocation of the plans and is based primarily on contractual earnings rates included in existing insurance contracts as well as on broad, publicly-traded equity and fixed-income indices and forward-looking estimates of active portfolio and investment management. Long-term rate of return on asset assumptions for the plans were determined on a plan-by-plan basis based on the composition of assets and ranged from to in 2022 and to in 2021, with a weighted average rate of return assumption of and in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Plan Assets 
 Plan assets are invested in various insurance contracts, equity and debt securities as determined by the administrator of each plan. 
 The Company has some investments that are valued using Net Asset Value NAV as a practical expedient. In addition, some of the investments valued using NAV may only allow redemption monthly, quarterly, semiannually or annually and require up to days prior written notice. These investments valued using NAV primarily consist of mutual funds which allow the Company to diversify the portfolio. 
 98 

Insurance contracts Total Investments measured at NAV (a) : 
 Mutual funds Total assets at fair value 
 ______________ 
 (a) The fair value amounts presented in the table above are intended to permit reconciliation of the fair value hierarchy to the total plan assets . 
 ) ) 
 
 Insurance contracts Total Investments measured at NAV (a) : 
 Mutual funds Total assets at fair value 
 ______________ 
 (a) The fair value amounts presented in the table above are intended to permit reconciliation of the fair value hierarchy to the total plan assets. 
 ) ) 
 Insurance contracts are valued based upon the quoted prices of the underlying investments of the insurance company. Mutual funds are valued using the NAV based on the information provided by the asset fund managers, which reflects the plan s share of the fair value of the net assets of the investment. 
 The methods described above may produce a fair value estimate that may not be indicative of net realizable value or reflective of future fair values. Furthermore, while the Company believes the valuation methods are appropriate and consistent with the methods used by other market participants, the use of different methodologies or assumptions to determine the fair value of certain financial instruments could result in a different fair value measurement at the reporting date. 
 99 

million to its defined benefit pension plans. During 2023, the Company s cash contribution requirements for its defined benefit pension plans are expected to be approximately million. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 - 2032 
 Other Matters 
 U.S. employees not covered by defined benefit plans are generally covered by defined contribution plans, which provide for Company funding based on a percentage of compensation. The Company provides eligible employees the opportunity to participate in defined contribution savings plans (commonly known as 401(k) plans), which permit contributions on a before-tax basis. Employees may contribute to various investment alternatives. In most of these plans, the Company matches a portion of the employees contributions. The Company s contributions to these plans amounted to million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 A limited number of the Company s subsidiaries, primarily outside of the United States, participate in multiemployer defined benefit plans that require the Company to periodically contribute funds to the plan. Multi-employer pension plans are designed to cover employees from multiple employers. These plans allow multiple employers to pool their pension resources and realize efficiencies associated with the daily administration of the plan. The risks of participating in a multiemployer plan differ from the risks of participating in a single-employer plan in the following respects: (1) assets contributed to the multiemployer plan by one employer may be used to provide benefits to employees of other participating employers, (2) if a participating employer ceases contributing to the plan, the unfunded obligations of the plan may be required to be borne by the remaining participating employers and (3) if the Company elects to stop participating in the plan, the Company may be required to pay the plan an amount based on the unfunded status of the plan. 
 million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

NOTE 14. 
 days up to the life of the product. The amount of the accrued warranty liability is determined based on historical information such as past experience, product failure rates or number of units repaired, estimated cost of material and labor and in certain instances estimated property damage. The accrued warranty liability is reviewed on a quarterly basis and may be adjusted as additional information regarding expected warranty costs becomes known. 
 Accruals for warranties issued during the year Settlements made ) Divestiture ) Effect of foreign currency translation ) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 
 100 

NOTE 15. 
 million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which are included in accrued liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company has accrued for these matters and will continue to monitor each related legal issue and adjust accruals as might be warranted based on new information and further developments in accordance with ASC 450-20-25. Amounts accrued for legal contingencies often result from a complex series of judgments about future events and uncertainties that rely heavily on estimates and assumptions including timing of related payments. The ability to make such estimates and judgments can be affected by various factors including, among other things, whether damages sought in the proceedings are unsubstantiated or indeterminate; legal discovery has not commenced or is not complete; proceedings are in early stages; matters present legal uncertainties; there are significant facts in dispute; procedural or jurisdictional issues; the uncertainty and unpredictability of the number of potential claims; or there are numerous parties involved. To the extent adverse verdicts have been rendered against the Company, the Company does not record an accrual until a loss is determined to be probable and can be reasonably estimated. In the Company's opinion, based on its examination of these matters, its experience to date and discussions with counsel, the ultimate outcome of legal proceedings, net of liabilities accrued in the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets, is not expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company's financial position. However, the resolution of or increase in accruals for, one or more of these matters in any reporting period may have a material adverse effect on the Company s results of operations and cash flows for that period. 
 
 The Company is subject to various environmental laws and regulations both within and outside of the United States. The operations of the Company involve the use of substances regulated under environmental laws, primarily in manufacturing processes. While it is difficult to quantify the potential impact of continuing compliance with environmental protection laws or potential enforcement actions by regulatory agencies, management believes that such compliance or potential enforcement actions will not have a material impact on the Company s financial position, results of operations, or liquidity. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had million of guarantees consisting primarily of outstanding standby letters of credit and bank guarantees. These guarantees have been provided in connection with certain arrangements with vendors, customers, insurance providers, financing counterparties and governmental entities to secure the Company s obligations and/or performance requirements related to specific transactions. 

NOTE 16. 
 Senior euro term loan facility due 2024 (the Euro Term Loan Convertible senior notes due 2025 
 Other Total debt Less: current portion ) ) Long-term debt 
 
 101 

2024 2025 Total 
 
 Credit Agreement 
 On September 20, 2019, the Company entered into a credit agreement (the Credit Agreement with a syndicate of banks under which Envista borrowed approximately billion, consisting of the million Term Loan and the million Euro Term Loan (together with the Term Loan, the Term Loans ). The Credit Agreement also included the , million revolving credit facility (together with the Term Loans, the Senior Credit Facilities ). 
 
 On February 9, 2021, in connection with an amendment to the Credit Agreement, the Company repaid million of its Euro Term Loan. 
 
 On June 15, 2021, the Company entered into an amended and restated credit agreement (the Amended Credit Agreement with a syndicate of banks. The Amended Credit Agreement amends and restates the Company s Credit Agreement, originally dated September 20, 2019 (as amended by Amendment No. 1 to Credit Agreement dated as of May 6, 2020, Amendment No. 2 to Credit Agreement dated as of May 19, 2020, and Amendment No. 3 to Credit Agreement dated as of February 9, 2021). 
 
 Under the Amended Credit Agreement: (a) the maturity date of the Company s existing Term Loans has been extended to September 20, 2024, (b) the revolving credit facility has been increased from million to million, (c) the Company may request further increases to the revolving credit facility in an aggregate amount not to exceed million, (d) the amount of cash and cash equivalents permitted to be netted in the definition of Consolidated Funded Indebtedness has been increased to up to the greater of (i) million and (ii) of Consolidated EBITDA as of the most recent measurement period, and (e) the floor on Eurocurrency rate loans applicable to the revolving credit facility and the Term Loan has been reduced to zero, in each case subject to and in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Amended Credit Agreement. The Company paid fees aggregating approximately million in connection with the Amended Credit Agreement. 
 
 The revolving credit facility includes an aggregate available borrowing capacity of million with a million sublimit for the issuance of standby letters of credit and can be used for working capital and other general corporate purposes. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there were borrowings outstanding under the revolving credit facility. 
 Under the Senior Credit Facilities, borrowings bear interest as follows: (1) Eurocurrency Rate Loans (as defined in the Amended Credit Agreement) bear interest at a variable rate equal to the London inter-bank offered LIBOR rate plus a margin of between and , depending on the Company s Consolidated Leverage Ratio (as defined in the Amended Credit Agreement) as of the last day of the immediately preceding fiscal quarter; and (2) Base Rate Loans (as defined in the Amended Credit Agreement) bear interest at a variable rate equal to (a) the highest of (i) the Federal funds rate (as published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York from time to time) plus , (ii) Bank of America s prime rate as publicly announced from time to time and (iii) the Eurocurrency Rate (as defined in the Amended Credit Agreement) plus , plus (b) a margin of between and , depending on the Company s Consolidated Leverage Ratio as of the last day of the immediately preceding fiscal quarter. In no event will Eurocurrency Rate Loans or Base Rate Loans bear interest at a rate lower than 0.0 . The Amended Credit Agreement provides for the use of Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR as a replacement rate upon a LIBOR cessation event. In addition, the Company is required to pay a per annum facility fee of between and depending on the Company s Consolidated Leverage Ratio as of the last day of the immediately preceding fiscal quarter and based on the aggregate commitments under the revolving credit facility, whether drawn or not. 
 102 

and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The interest rate for borrowings under the Euro Term Loan was and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Interest is payable quarterly for the Term Loans. The Amended Credit Agreement requires the Company to maintain a Consolidated Leverage Ratio of to 1.00 or less and includes a provision that the maximum Consolidated Leverage Ratio will be increased to to 1.00 for the four consecutive full fiscal quarters immediately following the consummation of any acquisition by the Company or any subsidiary of the Company in which the purchase price exceeds million. The Amended Credit Agreement also requires the Company to maintain a Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio (as defined in the Amended Credit Agreement) of at least to 1.00. The Amended Credit Agreement contains customary representations, warranties, conditions precedent, events of default, indemnities and affirmative and negative covenants, including covenants that, among other things, limit or restrict the Company s and/or the Company s subsidiaries ability, subject to certain exceptions and qualifications, to incur liens or indebtedness, merge, consolidate or sell or otherwise transfer assets, make dividends or distributions, enter into transactions with the Company s affiliates and use proceeds of the debt financing for other than permitted uses. The Amended Credit Agreement also contains customary events of default. Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an event of default, the lenders may declare the outstanding advances and all other obligations under the Amended Credit Agreement immediately due and payable. The Company was in compliance with all of its debt covenants as of December 31, 2022. 
 Convertible Senior Notes (the Notes 
 
 On May 21, 2020, the Company issued the Notes due on June 1, 2025, unless earlier repurchased, redeemed or converted. The aggregate principal amount, which includes the initial purchasers exercise in full of their option to purchase an additional million principal amount of the Notes, was million. The net proceeds from the issuance, after deducting purchasers discounts and estimated offering expenses, were million. The Company used part of the net proceeds to pay for the capped call transactions Capped Calls as further described below. The Notes accrue interest at a rate of per annum, payable semi-annually in arrears on June 1 and December 1 of each year, beginning on December 1, 2020. The Notes have an initial conversion rate of 47.5862 shares of the Company s common stock per 1,000 principal amount of Notes, which is equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately per share of the Company s common stock and is subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of specified events. The Notes are governed by an indenture dated as of May 21, 2020 (the Indenture between the Company and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee. The Indenture does not contain any financial covenants or any restrictions on the payment of dividends, the incurrence of senior debt or other indebtedness or the issuance or repurchase of the Company s securities by the Company. 
 
 Prior to the adoption of ASU 2020-06, the Company separated the carrying amounts of the Notes and total issuance costs incurred into liability and equity components. For the Notes, the carrying amount of the liability component was calculated by measuring the fair value of a similar debt instrument that did not have an associated convertible feature, while the carrying amount of the equity component representing the conversion option was determined by deducting the fair value of the liability component from the par value of the Notes. Total issuance costs incurred were then allocated to the liability and equity components of the Notes based on their relative values. 
 
 Due to the Company s adoption of ASU 2020-06 on January 1, 2022, the Notes and related issuance costs incurred are no longer required to be bifurcated into separate liability and equity components. This resulted in a million increase to the carrying value of the Notes due 2025, comprised of unamortized discount of million and deferred debt issuance costs of million and a decrease to additional paid-in capital of million. Additionally, the adoption of ASU 2020-06 resulted in a million increase to retained earnings and an million decrease to the related net deferred tax liability associated with the reduction of unamortized debt discount and deferred debt issuance costs. 
 
 The Notes are the Company s senior, unsecured obligations and are (i) equal in right of payment with the Company s existing and future senior, unsecured indebtedness; (ii) senior in right of payment to the Company s existing and future indebtedness that is expressly subordinated to the Notes; (iii) effectively subordinated to the Company s existing and future secured indebtedness, to the extent of the value of the collateral securing that indebtedness; and (iv) structurally subordinated to all existing and future indebtedness and other liabilities, including trade payables, and (to the extent the Company is not a holder thereof) preferred equity, if any, of the Company s subsidiaries. 
 
 103 

of the principal amount plus any accrued and unpaid interest. In addition, if specific corporate events occur prior to the maturity date, the Company would increase the conversion rate for a holder who elects to convert its Notes in connection with such an event in certain circumstances. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the stock price exceeded of the conversion price of in days of the final trading days ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, which satisfied one of the conditions permitting early conversion by holders of the Notes, therefore, the Notes are classified as short-term debt. 
 
 The Notes will be redeemable, in whole or in part, at the Company s option at any time, and from time to time, on or after June 1, 2023 and on or before the 40th scheduled trading day immediately before the maturity date, at a cash redemption price equal to the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding the redemption date, but only if the last reported sale price per share of the Company s common stock exceeds of the conversion price on (i) each of at least trading days, whether or not consecutive, during the consecutive trading days ending on, and including, the trading day immediately before the date the Company sends the related redemption notice; and (ii) the trading day immediately before the date the Company sends such notice. In addition, calling any Note for redemption will constitute a Make-Whole Fundamental Change (as defined in the Indenture) with respect to that Note, in which case the conversion rate applicable to the conversion of that Note will be increased in certain circumstances if it is converted after it is called for redemption. 
 
 Amortization of debt issuance costs 
 Amortization of debt discount 
 Total interest expense 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the debt discount and debt issuance costs were amortized using an annual effective interest rate of and , respectively, to interest expense over the term of the Notes. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the if-converted value of the Notes exceeded the outstanding principal amount by million and million, respectively. 
 
 104 

Term Loan Euro Term Loan 
 
 The above unamortized debt discount and debt issuance costs have been netted against their respective aggregate principal amounts of the related debt and are being amortized to interest expense over the term of the respective debt. 
 Capped Call Transactions 
 In connection with the offering of the Notes, the Company entered into Capped Calls with certain counterparties. The Capped Calls each have an initial strike price of approximately per share, subject to certain adjustments, which corresponds to the initial conversion price of the Notes. The Capped Calls have initial cap prices of per share, subject to certain adjustments. The Capped Calls cover, subject to anti-dilution adjustments, million shares of the Company's common stock. The Capped Calls are generally intended to reduce or offset the potential dilution from shares of common stock issued upon any conversion of the Notes with such reduction or offset, as the case may be, subject to a cap based on the cap price. As the Capped Call transactions are considered indexed to the Company's own stock and are considered equity classified, they are recorded in equity and are not accounted for as derivatives. The cost of million incurred in connection with the Capped Calls was recorded as a reduction to additional paid-in capital. 

NOTE 17. 
 million shares of common stock with a par value of per share and million shares of preferred stock with a par value of per share. preferred shares were issued or outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Each share of the Company s common stock entitles the holder to vote on all matters to be voted upon by common stockholders. The Company s Board of Directors (the Board is authorized to issue shares of preferred stock in one or more series and has discretion to determine the rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions, including voting rights, dividend rights, conversion rights, redemption privileges and liquidation preferences, of each series of preferred stock. The Board s authority to issue preferred stock with voting rights or conversion rights that, if exercised, could adversely affect the voting power of the holders of common stock, could potentially discourage attempts by third parties to obtain control of the Company through certain types of takeover practices. 
 Issuance of common stock Balance, end of period 
 105 

million shares of the Company s common stock have been authorized for issuance under the Stock Plan. Under the Stock Plan, stock-based grants are awarded at a price equal to the fair market value at the date of grant based upon the closing price on that date. Options and Stock Awards generally vest over a period of three to . Options expire after the date of grant. 
 RSUs issued under the Stock Plan provide for the issuance of a share of the Company s common stock at no cost to the holder. The RSUs granted to employees provide for time-based vesting, generally over a three to period. Prior to vesting, RSUs granted under the Stock Plan do not have dividend equivalent rights, do not have voting rights and the shares underlying the RSUs are not considered issued and outstanding. PSUs issued under the Stock Plan provide for the issuance of a share of the Company s common stock based on the achievement of various financial performance metric targets and market conditions, which are set at the time of grant. 
 
 The Company accounts for stock-based compensation by measuring all RSUs, PSUs and Options at fair value as of the grant date. The Company recognizes the compensation expense over the requisite service period (which is generally the vesting period but may be shorter than the vesting period if the employee becomes retirement eligible before the end of the vesting period). The fair value for RSU awards is calculated using the closing price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant. The fair value of the Options granted is calculated using a Black-Scholes option pricing model Black-Scholes ). 
 On December 23, 2021 and January 21, 2022, the Company entered into and finalized, respectively, an RSU agreement with Pacific Dental Services PDS which awarded PDS RSUs with a fair value of million, or RSUs, based on the Company s stock price on December 23, 2021. The RSUs vest over approximately and contain performance milestones. All of the RSUs remained unvested as of December 31, 2022. 

Weighted average volatility Dividend yield Expected years until exercise 

The risk-free rate of interest for periods within the contractual life of the awards is based on a zero-coupon U.S. government instrument with a maturity period that approximates the award s expected term. The weighted average volatility used in the Black-Scholes model to value Options was estimated based on an average historical stock price volatility of a peer group of companies. The dividend yield was 0.0 as the Company does not offer a dividend. To estimate the option exercise timing used in the valuation model, in addition to considering the vesting period and contractual term of the Option, the Company analyzes and considers actual historical exercise experience for previously granted awards. 
 The amount of stock-based compensation expense recognized during a period is also based on the portion of the awards that are ultimately expected to vest. The Company estimates pre-vesting forfeitures at the time of grant by analyzing historical data and revises those estimates in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from those estimates. The Company has estimated an annual forfeiture rate of for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 Options Total stock-based compensation expense 
 
 106 

million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to Options and RSUs/PSUs is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of approximately . 
 
 Granted 
 Exercised 
 ) Cancelled/forfeited 
 ) Outstanding as of December 31, 2020 Granted 
 Exercised 
 ) Cancelled/forfeited 
 ) Outstanding as of December 31, 2021 Granted 
 Exercised 
 ) Cancelled/forfeited 
 ) Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 Vested and expected to vest as of December 31, 2022 
 Vested as of December 31, 2022 

to 
 to 
 to 
 to 
 to 
 
 The intrinsic value of Options is calculated as the amount by which the market price of the Company s stock exceeds the exercise price of the Option. The aggregate intrinsic value of Options exercised during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. 
 107 

Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Unvested at December 31, 2020 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Unvested at December 31, 2021 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Unvested at December 31, 2022 
 
 The Company recognizes tax benefits for stock compensation in certain jurisdictions, primarily the United States, where tax deductions are based on market value at exercise or release and may exceed the grant-date value. The Company realized such tax benefits of million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, related to the exercise of Options and million in each of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, related to the vesting and release of RSUs and PSUs. For all periods presented, the tax benefits were included as a component of income tax expense and as an operating cash inflow in the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 In connection with the exercise of certain Options and the vesting of RSUs and PSUs, a number of shares sufficient to fund statutory minimum tax withholding requirements has been withheld from the total shares issued or released to the award holders (though under the terms of the applicable plan, the shares are considered to have been issued and are not added back to the pool of shares available for grant). During the year ended December 31, 2022, thousand shares with an aggregate value of million were withheld to satisfy the requirement. During the year ended December 31, 2021, thousand shares with an aggregate value of million were withheld to satisfy the requirement. 
 108 

NOTE 18.) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications: Increase (decrease) ) Income tax impact ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications, net of income taxes ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income: Increase Income tax impact ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income, net of income taxes Net current period other comprehensive income (loss), net of income taxes 
 ) Balance, December 31, 2020 ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive loss before reclassifications: (Decrease) increase ) ) Income tax impact ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income before reclassifications, net of income taxes ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss income: Increase Income tax impact ) ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of income taxes Net current period other comprehensive (loss) income, net of income taxes ) ) Balance, December 31, 2021 ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive loss before reclassifications: (Decrease) increase ) ) Income tax impact ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income before reclassifications, net of income taxes ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss income: Increase ) ) Income tax impact Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of income taxes ) ) Net current period other comprehensive (loss) income, net of income taxes ) ) Balance, December 31, 2022 ) ) 

109 

NOTE 19. 
 Western Europe Other developed markets Emerging markets Total 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Specialty Products Technologies Equipment Consumables Total Geographical region: North America Western Europe Other developed markets Emerging markets Total 
 
 Sales by Major Product Group: 
 Year Ended December 31, in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Consumables Equipment Total 
 Consumable products include implants, regenerative products, prosthetics, orthodontic brackets, aligners and lab products from our Specialty Products Technologies business segment and traditional consumables such as bonding agents and cements, impression materials, infection prevention products and restorative products from the Company s Equipment Consumables business segment. The Company s equipment products include digital imaging systems, software and other visualization and magnification systems. 
 
 Remaining Performance Obligations 
 ASC 606 requires disclosure of remaining performance obligations that represent the aggregate transaction price allocated to performance obligations with an original contract term greater than one year which are fully or partially unsatisfied at the end of the period. Remaining performance obligations include noncancelable purchase orders, extended warranty and service agreements and do not include revenue from contracts with customers with an original term of one year or less. 
 
 110 

million and the Company expects to recognize revenue on the majority of this amount over the next months. 
 Contract Liabilities 
 The Company often receives cash payments from customers in advance of the Company s performance resulting in contract liabilities. These contract liabilities are classified as either current or long-term in the Consolidated Balance Sheets based on the timing of when the Company expects to recognize revenue. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the contract liabilities were million and million, respectively, and are included within accrued expenses and other liabilities and other long-term liabilities in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. The increase in the contract liability balance during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, is primarily due to cash payments received in advance of satisfying performance obligations, partially offset by revenue recognized during the period that was included in the contract liability balance at December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Revenue recognized during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 that was included in the contract liability balance at December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020 was million and million, respectively. 
 Significant Customers 
 , , and of sales for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

NOTE 20. 
 Costs incurred Paid/settled ) ) ) Balance, December 31, 2022 
 
 Equipment Consumables Other Total 
 111 

Selling, general and administrative expenses Total 
 Impairments 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company made the decision to consolidate certain facilities in an effort to improve its cost structure. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized a non-cash loss of million with the majority of this loss consisting of million related to the impairment of certain fixed assets and leases, which are included in selling, general and administrative expense and cost of sales and million of inventory write-offs, which is included in cost of sales. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recognized a non-cash loss of million with the majority of this loss consisting of million related to the impairment of certain fixed assets and leases, which are included in selling, general and administrative expense and cost of sales and million of inventory write-offs, which is included in cost of sales. 

NOTE 21. 
 ) International Total ) 
 Non-U.S. State and local Deferred: Federal U.S. ) ) ) Non-U.S. ) ) State and local ) ) Income tax provision (benefit) ) ) 
 112 

Pension benefits Other accruals and prepayments Lease liabilities Stock-based compensation expense Interest expense Capitalized research expenses Tax credit and loss carryforwards Valuation allowances ) ) Total deferred tax asset Deferred tax liabilities: Property, plant and equipment ) ) Unrealized gains and losses ) ) Right-of-use assets ) ) Goodwill and other intangible assets ) ) Total deferred tax liability ) ) Net deferred tax asset (liability) ) 
 Deferred taxes associated with U.S. entities consist of net deferred tax liabilities of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Deferred taxes associated with non-U.S. entities consist of net deferred tax assets of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. During 2022, the Company s valuation allowance decreased by million primarily due to a corresponding expiration of certain foreign net operating losses. 
 
 The Company s intent is to permanently reinvest substantially all funds outside of the United States and current plans do not demonstrate a need to repatriate the cash to fund U.S. operations. However, if these funds were repatriated, they would likely not be subject to United States federal income tax under the previously taxed income or the dividend exemption rules. The Company would likely be required to accrue and pay United States state and local taxes and withholding taxes payable to various countries. It is not practicable to estimate the tax impact of the reversal of the outside basis difference, or the repatriation of cash due to the complexity of its hypothetical calculation. 
 
 The 2022 decrease in the deferred tax liability for goodwill and other intangible assets included an income tax benefit of approximately million related primarily to the acquisition of amortizable deferred tax assets associated with the Intraoral Scanner Business acquisition partially offset with deferred tax liabilities established in connection with the Osteogenics acquisition. 
 
 Current tax law in the United States imposes tax on U.S. stockholders for global intangible low-taxed income GILTI earned by certain foreign subsidiaries. The Company is required to make an accounting policy election of either: (1) treating taxes due on future amounts included in the U.S. taxable income related to GILTI as a current period tax expense when incurred the period cost method or (2) factoring such amounts into the Company s measurement of its deferred tax its deferred tax expense (the deferred method ). In 2018, the Company elected the period cost method for its accounting for GILTI. 
 
 113 

Increase (decrease) in tax rate resulting from: State income taxes (net of federal income tax benefit) Impact of foreign operations ) ) Foreign-Derived Intangible Income FDII ) Subpart F and GILTI, net of foreign tax credits ) Change in uncertain tax positions ) Research and experimentation credits and other ) ) Permanent differences and other ) ) Excess tax benefit from stock-based compensation ) ) Valuation allowance release on certain Swiss NOLs ) Impact of step-up of Swiss assets ) ) Effective income tax rate ) 
 The Company realized tax benefits of million, million, and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020 respectively, for tax deductions attributable to stock-based compensation, of which, the excess tax benefit over the amount recorded for financial reporting purposes was million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. As required by ASU 2016-09, Compensation Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting ASU 2016-09 ), the excess tax benefits for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 have been included in the provision for income taxes. 
 The Company evaluates the future realizability of tax credits and loss carryforwards considering the anticipated future earnings of the Company s subsidiaries as well as tax planning strategies in the associated jurisdictions. Included in deferred income taxes as of December 31, 2022 are tax benefits for U.S. and non-U.S. net operating loss carryforwards totaling million million of which the Company does not expect to realize and has corresponding valuation allowances). Certain of the losses can be carried forward indefinitely and others can be carried forward to various dates from 2023 through 2042. 
 As of December 31, 2022, gross unrecognized tax benefits totaled million million, including million associated with potential interest and penalties). As of December 31, 2021, gross unrecognized tax benefits totaled million million, including million associated with potential interest and penalties). The Company recognized million, ) million and in potential interest and penalties associated with uncertain tax positions during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. To the extent unrecognized tax benefits (including interest and penalties) are recognized with respect to uncertain tax positions, the tax expense in future periods would be reduced by million based upon the tax positions as of December 31, 2022. The Company recognized interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits within income taxes in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. Unrecognized tax benefits and associated accrued interest and penalties are included in taxes, income and other accrued expenses as detailed in Note 10. 
 114 

Additions based on tax positions related to the current year Additions for tax positions of prior years Reductions for tax positions of prior years ) ) Lapse of statute of limitations ) ) ) Settlements ) ) Effect of foreign currency translation ) Unrecognized tax benefits, end of year 
 The Company is routinely examined by various domestic and international taxing authorities and operations in certain U.S. states and foreign jurisdictions remain subject to routine examination for tax years beginning with 2009. 
 The Company estimates that it is reasonably possible that the amount of unrecognized tax benefits may be reduced by approximately million within twelve months through resolution of worldwide tax matters, payments of tax audit settlements and/or statute of limitations expirations. 
 The Company operates in various non-U.S. tax jurisdictions where tax holiday income tax incentives have been granted for a specific period. These tax benefits are not material to the Company s financial statements. 

NOTE 22. 
 per share in any applicable period. See the computation of earnings per share below for the dilutive impact of the Notes for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 In connection with the offering of the Notes, the Company entered into Capped Calls (see further discussion in Note 16), which are intended to reduce or offset the potential dilution from shares of common stock issued upon conversion of the Notes. However, this impact is not included when calculating potentially dilutive shares since their effect is anti-dilutive. The Capped Calls will mitigate dilution from the conversion of the Notes up to the Company s common stock price of . If the Notes are converted at a price higher than per share, the Capped Calls will no longer mitigate dilution from the conversion of the Notes. 
 
 115 

Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax ) Net income Denominator: Weighted-average common shares outstanding used in basic earnings (loss) per share Incremental common shares from: Assumed exercise of dilutive options and vesting of dilutive restricted stock units Assumed conversion of the Notes Weighted average common shares outstanding used in diluted earnings (loss) per share Earnings per share: Earnings from continuing operations - basic Earnings from continuing operations - diluted Earnings (loss) from discontinued operations - basic ) Earnings (loss) from discontinued operations - diluted ) Earnings - basic Earnings - diluted Earnings per share is computed independently for earnings per share from continuing operations and earnings per share from discontinued operations. The sum of earnings per share from continuing operations and earnings per share from discontinued operations does not equal earnings per share due to rounding. 

NOTE 23. 
 separate business segments, the Specialty Products Technologies and Equipment Consumables segments. When determining the reportable segments, the Company aggregated operating segments based on their similar economic and operating characteristics. Operating profit represents total revenues less operating expenses, excluding nonoperating income (expense), interest expense and income taxes. Operating profit amounts in the Other segment consist of unallocated corporate costs and other costs not considered part of management s evaluation of reportable segment operating performance. The identifiable assets by segment are those used in each segment s operations. Inter-segment amounts are not significant and are eliminated to arrive at combined totals. 
 
 The Company s Specialty Products Technologies products include implants, regenerative products, prosthetics, orthodontic brackets, aligners and lab products. The Company s Equipment Consumables products include traditional consumables such as bonding agents and cements, impression materials, infection prevention products and restorative 
 116 

Equipment Consumables Total Operating profit and reconciliation to income (loss) before taxes: Specialty Products Technologies Equipment Consumables Other ) ) ) Operating profit Nonoperating income (expense): Other income (expense) ) Interest expense, net ) ) ) Income (loss) before taxes ) Depreciation and amortization: Specialty Products Technologies Equipment Consumables Other Total Capital expenditures, gross: Specialty Products Technologies Equipment Consumables Other Total Identifiable assets: December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Specialty Products Technologies Equipment Consumables Held for sale Other Total 
 117 

China All other (each country individually less than 5 of total sales) Total Property, plant and equipment, net: December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 United States Sweden Mexico All other (each country individually less than 5 of total long-lived assets) Total 
 
 118 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 Not applicable. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Our management, with the participation of our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act), as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on such evaluation, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, have concluded that, as of the end of such period, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 
 Management s annual report on its internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) and the independent registered public accounting firm s audit report on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting are included in the Company s financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, under the headings Report of Management on Envista Holdings Corporation s Internal Control Over Financial Reporting and Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, respectively, and are incorporated herein by reference. 
 There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during our most recent completed fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 Not applicable. 
 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 Not applicable. 
 119 

PART III 
 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 Other than the information below, the information required under this Item is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement to be filed with the SEC no later than 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Code of Ethics 
 We have adopted a code of business conduct and ethics for directors, officers (including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer) and employees, known as the Code of Conduct. The Code of Conduct is available in the Investors Governance section of our website at www.envistaco.com. 
 We intend to disclose any amendment to the Code of Conduct that relates to any element of the code of ethics definition enumerated in Item 406(b) of Regulation S-K, and any waiver from a provision of the Code of Conduct granted to any director, principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer, or any of our other executive officers, in the Investors Governance section of our website, at www.envistaco.com, within four business days following the date of such amendment or waiver. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 The information required under this Item is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement to be filed with the SEC no later than 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 The information required under this Item is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement to be filed with the SEC no later than 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 The information required under this Item is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement to be filed with the SEC no later than 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 The information required under this Item is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement to be filed with the SEC no later than 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 120 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBIT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 a) The following documents are filed as part of this report. 
 (1) Financial Statements. The financial statements are set forth under Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 (2) Schedules. An index of financial statement schedules is set forth below. Schedules other than those listed below have been omitted from this Annual Report on Form 10-K because they are not required, are not applicable or the required information is included in the financial statements or the notes thereto. 
 Page Number in Form 10-K Schedule: Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 
 125 

(3) Exhibits. The exhibits listed in the accompanying Exhibit Index are filed or incorporated by reference as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 None. 

EXHIBIT INDEX 
 Exhibit Number Description 2.1 Master Sale and Purchase Agreement, dated as of September 7, 2021, by and among Envista Holdings Corporation, planmeca Verwaltungs GmbH, Germany, and Planmeca Oy (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended October 1, 2021, Commission File No. 001-39054) 
 2.2 Amendment Agreement to the Master Sale and Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 30, 2021, by and among Envista Holdings Corporation, planmeca Verwaltungs GmbH, Germany, and Planmeca Oy (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.2 to Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, Commission File No. 001-39054) 
 2.3 Second Amendment Agreement to the Master Sale and Purchase Agreement, dated as of April 30, 2022, by and among Envista Holdings Corporation, planmeca Verwaltungs GmbH, Germany, and Planmeca Oy (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 1, 2022, Commission File No. 001-39054) 
 2.4 Third Amendment Agreement to the Master Sale and Purchase Agreement, dated as of July 28, 2022, by and among Envista Holdings Corporation, planmeca Verwaltungs GmbH, Germany, and Planmeca Oy (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2022, Commission File No. 001-39054) 
 2.5 Fourth Amendment Agreement to the Master Sale and Purchase Agreement, dated as of September 30, 2022, by and among Envista Holdings Corporation, planmeca Verwaltungs GmbH, Germany, and Planmeca Oy (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2022, Commission File No. 001-39054) 
 2.6 Stock and Asset Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 21, 2021, by and between Carestream Dental Technology Parent Limited and Envista Holdings Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.3 to Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, Commission File No. 001-39054) 
 2.7 Closing Agreement, dated as of April 20, 2022, by and among Envista Holdings Corporation and Carestream Dental Technology Parent Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 1, 2022, Commission File No. 001-39054) 
 3.1 Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Envista Holdings Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 2, 2021, Commission File No. 001-39054) 
 
 121 

3.2 Second Amended and Restated Bylaws of Envista Holdings Corporation effective as of August 23, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 27, 2021, Commission File No. 001-39054) 
 4.1 Description of Securities of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, Commission File No. 001-39054) 
 4.2 Specimen common stock certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-232758) filed on July 22, 2019) 
 4.3 Indenture, dated as of May 21, 2020, between Envista Holdings Corporation and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 26, 2020, Commission File No. 001-39054) 
 4.4 Form of certificate representing the 2.375 Convertible Senior Notes due 2025 (included as Exhibit A to Exhibit 4.3) 
 10.1 Amended Credit Agreement, dated as of June 15, 2021, by and among Envista Holdings Corporation, each Guarantor party thereto, Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent, L/C Issuer and Swing Line Lender, and the other Lenders party thereto. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 16, 2021, Commission File No. 001-39054) 
 10.2 Envista Holdings Corporation Severance and Change in Control Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 5, 2020, Commission File No. 001-39054) 
 10.3 Envista Holdings Corporation Senior Leader Severance Pay Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 20, 2019, Commission File No. 001-39054) 
 10.4 Envista Holdings Corporation 2019 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (Registration No. 333-233810) filed on September 17, 2019) 
 10.5 Form of Envista Holdings Corporation Stock Option Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, Commission File No. 001-39054) 
 10.6 Form of Envista Holdings Corporation Restricted Stock Unit Agreement 
 10.7 Form of Envista Holdings Corporation Agreement Regarding Competition and Protection of Proprietary Interests (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-232758) filed on July 22, 2019)(a) 
 10.8 Form of Envista Holdings Corporation Agreement Regarding Solicitation and Protection of Proprietary Interests (California) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-232758) filed on July 22, 2019)(b) 
 10.9 Form of Envista Holdings Corporation Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for Non-Employee Directors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, Commission File No. 001-39054) 
 10.10 Form of Envista Holdings Corporation Performance Stock Unit Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, Commission File No. 001-39054) 
 10.11 Amendment No. 1 to Envista Holdings Corporation 2019 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, Commission File No. 001-39054) 
 10.12 Form of Envista Holdings Corporation Director and Officer Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-232758) filed on July 22, 2019) 
 10.13 Offer Letter Agreement, dated July 29, 2019, between DH Dental Employment Services LLC and Amir Aghdaei (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to Registrant s Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-232758) filed on August 12, 2019) 
 10.14 Offer Letter Agreement, dated July 29, 2019, between DH Dental Employment Services LLC and Patrik Eriksson (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.24 to Registrant s Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-232758) filed on August 12, 2019) 
 10.15 Offer Letter Agreement, dated January 1, 2022, between DH Dental Employment Services LLC and Jean-Claude Kyrillos (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, Commission File No. 001-39054) 
 
 122 

10.16 Offer Letter Agreement, dated June 7, 2019, between DH Dental Employment Services LLC and Mark Nance (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, Commission File No. 001-39054 
 10.17 Offer Letter Agreement, dated July 29, 2019, between DH Dental Employment Services LLC and Howard Yu (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.25 to Registrant s Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-232758) filed on August 12, 2019) 
 10.18 Form of Envista Holdings Corporation Excess Contribution Program, a sub-plan under the Envista Holdings Corporation 2019 Omnibus Incentive Plan, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.25 to Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-4 (Registration No. 333-234714) filed on November 15, 2019) 
 10.19 Form of Envista Holdings Corporation Executive Deferred Incentive Program, a sub-plan under the Envista Holdings Corporation 2019 Omnibus Incentive Plan, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.26 to Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-4 (Registration No. 333-234714) filed on November 15, 2019) 
 10.20 Form of Envista Holdings Corporation Deferred Compensation Plan, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.27 to Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-4 (Registration No. 333-234714) filed on November 15, 2019) 
 10.21 Form of Capped Call Confirmation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 26, 2020, Commission File No. 001-39054) 
 10.22 Composite copy of Envista Holdings Corporation Savings Plan, as amended and restated effective as of February 23, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.27 to Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, Commission File No. 001-39054) 
 21.1 List of Subsidiaries of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21.1 to Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, Commission File No. 001-39054) 
 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 24.1 Power of Attorney (set forth on the signature page to this Annual Report on Form 10-K) 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Item 601(b)(31) of Regulation S-K, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Item 601(b)(31) of Regulation S-K, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.1 Certifications of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. (c) 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document (c) 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document (c) 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document (c) 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document (c) 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document (c) 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 ______________ 
 Indicates management contract or compensatory plan, contract or arrangement. 
 (a) Applies to Messrs. Aghdaei and Nance. 
 (b) Applies to Messrs. Eriksson, Kyrillos and Yu. 
 (c) Exhibit 101 to this report includes the following documents formatted in XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, (iii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, (iv) Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, (v) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 and (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 123 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 Date: February 16, 2023 ENVISTA HOLDINGS CORPORATION By: /s/ Amir Aghdaei Amir Aghdaei President and Chief Executive Officer 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Amir Aghdaei and Howard H. Yu, and each or any one of them, his or her lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, for such person in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this report and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming all that either of said attorneys-in-fact and agent, or substitute or substitutes, may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Signature Title Date /s/ Amir Aghdaei President, Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) and Director February 16, 2023 Amir Aghdaei /s/ Howard H. Yu Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) February 16, 2023 Howard H. Yu /s/ Scott Huennekens Chairman of the Board February 16, 2023 Scott Huennekens /s/ Wendy Carruthers Director February 16, 2023 Wendy Carruthers /s/ Kieran T. Gallahue Director February 16, 2023 Kieran T. Gallahue /s/ Barbara Hulit Director February 16, 2023 Barbara Hulit /s/ Vivek Jain Director February 16, 2023 Vivek Jain /s/ Daniel A. Raskas Director February 16, 2023 Daniel A. Raskas /s/ Christine Tsingos Director February 16, 2023 Christine Tsingos 
 
 124 

ENVISTA HOLDINGS CORPORATION 
 SCHEDULE II VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS 
 in millions) 
 ) ) ) Year ended December 31, 2021: Allowances deducted from asset account Allowance for credit losses ) ) ) Year ended December 31, 2020: Allowances deducted from asset account Allowance for credit losses ) 
 ______________ 
 (a) Amounts include allowance for credit losses classified as current. 
 
 125 

<EX-10.6>
 2
 envista-november2022grantx.htm
 EX-10.6

Document 

Exhibit 10.06 
 
 ENVISTA HOLDINGS CORPORATION 
 2019 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN 
 RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT 
 Unless otherwise defined herein, the terms defined in the Envista Holdings Corporation 2019 Omnibus Incentive Plan, as amended (the Plan ), will have the same defined meanings in this Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (the Agreement ). 
 I. GRANT NOTICE 
 Name #ParticipantName# 
 Employee ID #EmployeeID# 
 The undersigned Participant has been granted an Award of Restricted Stock Units, subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Agreement, as follows (each of the following capitalized terms are defined terms having the meaning indicated below) 
 
 Date of Grant #GrantDate# Number of Restricted Stock Units #QuantityGranted# 
 Vesting Schedule #VestDate_1# #VestQty_1# #Vest _1# #VestDate_2# #VestQty_2# #Vest _2# #VestDate_3# #VestQty_3# #Vest _3# 

II. AGREEMENT 
 1. Grant of RSUs . Envista Holdings Corporation (the Company hereby grants to the Participant named in this Grant Notice (the Participant ), an Award of Restricted Stock Units RSUs to acquire the number of shares of Company Common Stock Share ), subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Plan, which are incorporated herein by reference. 
 2. Vesting . 
 (a) Vesting Schedule . Except as may otherwise be set forth in this Agreement or in the Plan, with respect to each Tranche of RSUs granted under this Agreement (a Tranche consists of all RSUs as to which the Time-Based Vesting Criteria are scheduled to be satisfied on the same date), the Tranche shall not vest unless the Participant continues to be actively employed with the Company or an Eligible Subsidiary for the period required to satisfy the Time-Based Vesting Criteria applicable to such Tranche (the date on which the Time-Based Vesting Criteria applicable to a Tranche are scheduled to be satisfied is the Time-Based Vesting Date ). Vesting shall be determined separately for each Tranche. The Time-Based Vesting Criteria applicable to any Tranche are referred to as Vesting Conditions, and the date upon which all Vesting Conditions applicable to that Tranche are satisfied is referred to as the Vesting Date for such Tranche. The Vesting Conditions shall be established by the Compensation Committee (the Committee of the Company s Board of Directors (or by one or more members of Company management, if such power has been delegated in accordance with the Plan and applicable law) and reflected in the account maintained for the Participant by an external third party administrator of the RSUs. Further, during any approved leave of absence (and without limiting the application of any other rules governing leaves of absence that the Committee may approve from time to time pursuant to the Plan), to the extent permitted by applicable law, the Committee shall have discretion to provide that the vesting of the RSUs shall be frozen as of the first day of the leave (or as of any subsequent day during such leave, as applicable) and shall not resume until and unless the Participant returns to active employment. 
 (b) Fractional RSU Vesting . In the event the Participant is vested in a fractional portion of an RSU (a Fractional Portion ), such Fractional Portion will be rounded up and converted into a whole Share and issued to the Participant provided that to the extent rounding a fractional share up would result in the imposition of either (i) individual tax and penalty interest charges imposed under Section 409A of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended Section 409A ), or (ii) adverse tax consequences if the Participant is located outside of the United States, the fractional Share will be rounded down without the payment of any consideration in respect of such fractional share. 
 (c) Addenda . The provisions of any addenda attached hereto are incorporated by reference herein and made a part of this Agreement, and to the extent any provision in any such addenda conflicts with any provision set forth elsewhere in this Agreement, the provision set forth in such addenda shall control. 
 3. Form and Timing of Payment Conditions to Issuance of Shares . 
 (a) Form and Timing of Payment . The Award of RSUs represents the right to receive a number of Shares equal to the number of RSUs that vest pursuant to the Vesting Conditions. Unless and until the RSUs have vested in the manner set forth in Sections 2 and 4, the Participant shall have no right to payment of any such RSUs. Prior to actual issuance of any Shares underlying the RSUs, such RSUs will represent an unsecured obligation of the Company, payable (if at all) only from the general assets of the Company. Subject to the other terms of the Plan and this Agreement, with respect to any Tranche that vests in accordance with Sections 2 and 4, the underlying Shares will be paid to the Participant in whole Shares within 90 days of the Vesting Date for that Tranche. The Shares shall not be issued under the Plan unless the issuance and delivery of such Shares comply with (or are exempt from) all applicable requirements of law, including (without limitation) the Securities Act, the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, state securities laws and regulations, and the regulations of any stock exchange or other securities market on which the Company s securities may then be traded. The Committee may require the Participant to take any reasonable action in order to comply with any such rules or regulations. 
 2 

(b) Acknowledgment of Potential Securities Law Restrictions . Unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covers the Shares issued upon vesting of an RSU, the Committee may require that the Participant agree in writing to acquire such Shares for investment and not for public resale or distribution, unless and until the Shares subject to the RSUs are registered under the Securities Act. The Committee may also require the Participant to acknowledge that the Participant shall not sell or transfer such Shares except in compliance with all applicable laws, and may apply such other restrictions as it deems appropriate. The Participant acknowledges that the U.S. federal securities laws prohibit trading in the stock of the Company by persons who are in possession of material, non-public information, and also acknowledges and understands the other restrictions set forth in the Company s Insider Trading Policy. 
 4. Termination . 
 (a) General . In the event the Participant s active employment or other active service-providing relationship, as applicable, with the Company or an Eligible Subsidiary terminates (the date of any such termination is referred to as the Termination Date for any reason (other than death, Early Retirement or Normal Retirement) whether or not in breach of applicable labor laws, unless contrary to applicable law and unless otherwise provided by the Administrator either initially or subsequent to the grant of the RSUs, all RSUs that are unvested as of the Termination Date shall automatically terminate as of the Termination Date and the Participant s right to receive further RSUs under the Plan shall also terminate as of the Termination Date. The Committee shall have discretion to determine whether the Participant has ceased to be actively employed by (or, if the Participant is a consultant or director, has ceased actively providing services to) the Company or an Eligible Subsidiary, and the effective date on which such active employment (or active service-providing relationship, as applicable) terminated. The Participant s active employer-employee or other active service-providing relationship, as applicable, will not be extended by any notice period mandated under applicable law e.g., active employment shall not include a period of garden leave, paid administrative leave or similar period pursuant to applicable law). Unless the Committee provides otherwise (1) termination of the Participant s employment will include instances in which the Participant is terminated and immediately rehired as an independent contractor, and (2) the spin-off, sale, or disposition of the Participant s employer from the Company or an Eligible Subsidiary (whether by transfer of shares, assets or otherwise) such that the Participant s employer no longer constitutes an Eligible Subsidiary will constitute a termination of employment or service. 
 (b) Death . In the event the Participant s active employment or other active service-providing relationship with the Company or an Eligible Subsidiary terminates as a result of death, unless contrary to applicable law and unless otherwise provided by the Administrator either initially or subsequent to the grant of the RSUs, the Participant s estate will become vested in a pro rata amount of each unvested Tranche based on the number of complete twelve-month periods between the Date of Grant and the date of the Participant s death divided by the total number of twelve-month periods between the Date of Grant and the Time-Based Vesting Date applicable to such Tranche. Notwithstanding anything in the Plan or this Agreement to the contrary, for purposes of this Section, any partial twelve-month period between the Date of Grant and the date of death shall be considered a complete twelve-month period and any Fractional Portion that results from applying the pro rata methodology shall be rounded up to a whole Share. 
 (c) Retirement . 
 (i) Upon termination of employment (or other active service-providing relationship, as applicable) by reason of the Participant s Early Retirement, unless contrary to applicable law and unless otherwise provided by the Committee either initially or subsequent to the grant of RSUs, with respect to each Tranche that is unvested as of the Early Retirement date, a pro-rata portion of such Tranche (i.e. based on the ratio of (x) the number of full or partial months worked by the Participant from the Date of Grant to the Early Retirement date to (y) the total number of months in the original time-based vesting schedule of such Tranche) will vest as of the Time-Based Vesting Date for such Tranche. 
 (ii) Upon termination of employment (or other active service-providing relationship) by reason of the Participant s Normal Retirement, unless contrary to applicable law and 
 3 

unless otherwise provided by the Committee either initially or subsequent to the grant of the RSUs, with respect to each Tranche that is unvested as of the Normal Retirement date, such Tranche will vest as of the Time-Based Vesting Date for such Tranche. 
 (d) Gross Misconduct . If the Participant s employment with the Company or an Eligible Subsidiary is terminated for Gross Misconduct as determined by the Administrator, the Administrator in its sole discretion may provide that all, or any portion specified by the Administrator, of the Participant s unvested RSUs shall automatically terminate as of the time of termination without consideration. The Participant acknowledges and agrees that the Participant s termination of employment shall also be deemed to be a termination of employment by reason of the Participant s Gross Misconduct if, after the Participant s employment has terminated, facts and circumstances are discovered or confirmed by the Company that would have justified a termination for Gross Misconduct. 
 (e) Violation of Post-Termination Covenant . To the extent that any of the Participant s RSUs remain outstanding under the terms of the Plan or this Agreement after the Termination Date, such RSUs shall expire as of the date the Participant violates any covenant not to compete or other post-termination covenant that exists between the Participant on the one hand and the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company, on the other hand. 
 (f) Substantial Corporate Change . Notwithstanding any other provision in this Agreement to the contrary, in the event (i) a Substantial Corporate Change occurs, (ii) the RSUs are effectively assumed or continued by the surviving or acquiring corporation in such Substantial Corporate Change (as determined by the Board or the Committee), and (iii) the Participant is terminated without Gross Misconduct or, if the Participant participates in the Envista Holdings Corporation Severance and Change in Control Plan, the Participant is terminated due to an Involuntary Termination or Good Reason Resignation (as defined in the Severance and Change in Control Plan), in each case within 24 months following the Substantial Corporate Change, then any unvested RSUs held by the Participant shall vest in full as of the Participant s termination date. 
 5. Non-Transferability of RSUs . Unless the Committee determines otherwise in advance in writing, RSUs may not be transferred in any manner otherwise than by will or by the applicable laws of descent or distribution. The terms of the Plan and this Agreement shall be binding upon the executors, administrators, heirs and permitted successors and assigns of the Participant. 
 6. Amendment of RSUs or Plan . 
 (a) The Plan and this Agreement constitute the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede in their entirety all prior undertakings and agreements of the Company and the Participant with respect to the subject matter hereof. The Participant expressly warrants that the Participant is not accepting this Agreement in reliance on any promises, representations, or inducements other than those contained herein. The Board may amend, modify or terminate the Plan or the RSUs in any respect at any time provided, however, that modifications to this Agreement or the Plan that materially and adversely affect the Participant s rights hereunder can be made only in an express written contract signed by the Company and the Participant. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan or this Agreement, the Company reserves the right to revise this Agreement and the Participant s rights under outstanding RSUs as it deems necessary or advisable, in its sole discretion and without the consent of the Participant, (1) upon a Substantial Corporate Change, (2) as required by law, or (3) to comply with Section 409A or to otherwise avoid imposition of any additional tax or income recognition under Section 409A in connection with the RSUs provided, however, that the Company shall not make any change that would alter the rights of the Participant under Section 4(f) of the Agreement. 
 (b) The Participant acknowledges and agrees that if the Participant changes classification from a full-time employee to a part-time employee the Committee may in its sole discretion reduce or eliminate the Participant s unvested RSUs. 
 4 

7. Tax Obligations . 
 (a) Withholding Taxes . Regardless of any action the Company or any Eligible Subsidiary employing the Participant (the Employer takes with respect to any or all federal, state, local or foreign income tax, social insurance, payroll tax, payment on account or other Tax Related-Items Tax-Related Items ), the Participant acknowledges that the ultimate liability for all Tax Related-Items associated with the RSUs is and remains the Participant s responsibility and that the Company and the Employer (i) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax Related-Items in connection with any aspect of the RSUs, including, but not limited to, the grant or vesting of the RSUs, the delivery of Shares, the subsequent sale of Shares acquired at vesting and the receipt of any dividends or dividend equivalents and (ii) do not commit to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of the RSUs to reduce or eliminate the Participant s liability for Tax Related-Items. Further, if the Participant is subject to tax in more than one jurisdiction, the Participant acknowledges that the Company and or the Employer (or former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Tax Related-Items in more than one jurisdiction. 
 (i) This Section 7(a)(i) shall apply to the Participant only if the Participant is not subject to Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as of the date the relevant RSU first becomes includible in the gross income of the Participant for purposes of Tax Related-Items. The Participant shall, no later than the date as of which the value of an RSU first becomes includible in the gross income of the Participant for purposes of Tax Related-Items, pay to the Company and or the Employer, or make arrangements satisfactory to the Administrator regarding payment of, all Tax Related-Items required by applicable law to be withheld by the Company and or the Employer with respect to the RSU. The obligations of the Company under the Plan shall be conditional on the making of such payments or arrangements, and the Company and or the Employer shall, to the extent permitted by applicable law, have the right to deduct any such Tax Related-Items from any payment of any kind otherwise due to the Participant. The Company shall have the right to require the Participant to remit to the Company an amount in cash sufficient to satisfy any applicable withholding requirements related thereto. With the approval of the Administrator, the Participant may satisfy the foregoing requirement by either (i) electing to have the Company withhold from delivery of Shares or (ii) delivering already owned unrestricted Shares, in each case, having a value up to the maximum amount of tax required to be withheld (or such other rate that will not cause adverse accounting consequences for the Company). Any such Shares shall be valued at their Fair Market Value on the date as of which the amount of Tax Related-Items to be withheld is determined. Such an election may be made with respect to all or any portion of the Shares to be delivered pursuant to the RSUs. The Company may also use any other method or combination of methods of obtaining the necessary payment or proceeds, as permitted by applicable law, to satisfy its withholding obligation with respect to any RSU. 
 (ii) This Section 7(a)(ii) shall apply to the Participant only if the Participant is subject to Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as of the date the relevant RSU first becomes includible in the gross income of the Participant for purposes of Tax Related-Items. All Tax Related-Items legally payable by the Participant in respect of the RSUs shall be satisfied by the Company, withholding a number of the Shares that would otherwise be delivered to the Participant upon the vesting or settlement of the RSUs with a Fair Market Value, determined as of the date of the relevant taxable event, equal to the minimum statutory withholding amount that applies to the Participant, rounded up to the nearest whole share Net Settlement ). The Net Settlement mechanism described in this paragraph was approved by the Committee prior to the Date of Grant in a manner intended to constitute approval in advance by the Committee for purposes of Rule 16b3-(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 (iii) If the obligation for Tax Related-Items is satisfied by net settlement, for tax purposes, the Participant shall be deemed to have been issued the full number of Shares issued upon vesting of the RSUs notwithstanding that a number of the Shares are held back solely for the purpose of paying the Tax Related-Items. 
 (b) Code Section 409A . Payments made pursuant to this Plan and this Agreement are intended to qualify for an exemption from or comply with Section 409A. Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement, the Company reserves the right, to the extent the Company deems necessary or 
 5 

advisable in its sole discretion, to unilaterally amend or modify the Plan and or this Agreement to ensure that all RSUs granted to Participants who are United States taxpayers are made in such a manner that either qualifies for exemption from or complies with Section 409A provided, however, that the Company makes no representations that the Plan or the RSUs shall be exempt from or comply with Section 409A and makes no undertaking to preclude Section 409A from applying to the Plan or any RSUs granted thereunder. If this Agreement fails to meet the requirements of Section 409A, neither the Company nor any of its Eligible Subsidiaries shall have any liability for any tax, penalty or interest imposed on the Participant by Section 409A, and the Participant shall have no recourse against the Company or any of its Eligible Subsidiaries for payment of any such tax, penalty or interest imposed by Section 409A. 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, these provisions shall apply to any payments and benefits otherwise payable to or provided to the Participant under this Agreement. For purposes of Section 409A, each payment (as defined by Section 409A) made under this Agreement shall be considered a separate payment. In addition, for purposes of Section 409A, payments shall be deemed exempt from the definition of deferred compensation under Section 409A to the fullest extent possible under (i) the short-term deferral exemption of Treasury Regulation 1.409A-1(b)(4), and (ii) (with respect to amounts paid as separation pay no later than the second calendar year following the calendar year containing the Participant s separation from service (as defined for purposes of Section 409A)) the two years two-times involuntary separation pay exemption of Treasury Regulation 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii), which are hereby incorporated by reference. 
 For purposes of making a payment under this Agreement, if any amount is payable as a result of a Substantial Corporate Change, such event must also constitute a change in ownership or effective control of the Company or a change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of the Company within the meaning of Section 409A. 
 If the Participant is a specified employee as defined in Section 409A (and as applied according to procedures of the Company and its Subsidiaries) as of the Participant's separation from service, to the extent any payment under this Agreement constitutes deferred compensation (after taking into account any applicable exemptions from Section 409A), and such payment is payable by reason of a separation from service, then to the extent required by Section 409A, no payments due under this Agreement may be made until the earlier of (i) the first day of the seventh month following the Participant s separation from service, or (ii) the Participant s date of death provided, however, that any payments delayed during this six-month period shall be paid in the aggregate in a lump sum, without interest, on the first day of the seventh month following the Participant s separation from service. 
 8. Rights as Shareholder . Until all requirements for vesting of the RSUs pursuant to the terms of this Agreement and the Plan have been satisfied, the Participant shall not be deemed to be a shareholder of the Company, and shall have no dividend rights or voting rights with respect to the RSUs or any Shares underlying or issuable in respect of such RSUs until such Shares are actually issued to the Participant. 
 9. No Employment Contract . Nothing in the Plan or this Agreement constitutes an employment or service contract between the Company and the Participant and this Agreement shall not confer upon the Participant any right to continuation of employment or service with the Company or any of its Eligible Subsidiaries, nor shall this Agreement interfere in any way with the Company s or any of its Eligible Subsidiaries right to terminate the Participant s employment or at any time, with or without cause (subject to any employment or service agreement the Participant may otherwise have with the Company or an Eligible Subsidiary thereof and or applicable law). 
 10. Board Authority . The Board and or the Committee shall have the power to interpret this Agreement and to adopt such rules for the administration, interpretation and application of this Agreement as are consistent therewith and to interpret or revoke any such rules (including, but not limited to, the determination of whether any RSUs have vested). All interpretations and determinations made by the Board and or the Committee in good faith shall be final and binding upon the Participant, the Company and all other interested persons and such determinations of the Board and or the Committee do not have to be uniform nor do they have to consider whether Plan participants are similarly situated. 
 6 

11. Headings . The captions used in this Agreement and the Plan are inserted for convenience and shall not be deemed to be a part of the RSUs for construction and interpretation. 
 12. Electronic Delivery . 
 (a) If the Participant executes this Agreement electronically, for the avoidance of doubt, the Participant acknowledges and agrees that the Participant's execution of this Agreement electronically (through an on-line system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company, or otherwise) shall have the same binding legal effect as would execution of this Agreement in paper form. The Participant acknowledges that upon request of the Company the Participant shall also provide an executed, paper form of this Agreement. 
 (b) If the Participant executes this Agreement in paper form, for the avoidance of doubt the parties acknowledge and agree that it is their intent that any agreement previously or subsequently entered into between the parties that is executed electronically shall have the same binding legal effect as if such agreement were executed in paper form. 
 (c) If the Participant executes this Agreement multiple times (for example, if the Participant first executes this Agreement in electronic form and subsequently executes this Agreement in paper form), the Participant acknowledges and agrees that (i) no matter how many versions of this Agreement are executed and in whatever medium, this Agreement only evidences a single Award relating to the number of RSUs set forth in the Grant Notice and (ii) this Agreement shall be effective as of the earliest execution of this Agreement by the parties, whether in paper form or electronically, and the subsequent execution of this Agreement in the same or a different medium shall in no way impair the binding legal effect of this Agreement as of the time of original execution. 
 (d) The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver by electronic means any documents related to the RSUs, to participation in the Plan, or to future awards granted under the Plan, or otherwise required to be delivered to the Participant pursuant to the Plan or under applicable law, including but not limited to, the Plan, this Agreement, the Plan prospectus and any reports of the Company generally provided to shareholders. Such means of electronic delivery may include, but do not necessarily include, the delivery of a link to the Company s intranet or the internet site of a third party involved in administering the Plan, the delivery of documents via electronic mail e-mail or such other means of electronic delivery specified by the Company. By executing this Agreement, the Participant hereby consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery. At the Participant s written request to the Secretary of the Company, the Company shall provide a paper copy of any document at no cost to the Participant. 
 
 13. Data Privacy . The Company is located at 200 S. Kraemer Blvd., Building E, Brea, California 92821, United States of America and grants RSUs under the Plan to employees of the Company and its Subsidiaries in its sole discretion. In conjunction with the Company s grant of the RSUs under the Plan and its ongoing administration of such awards, the Company is providing the following information about its data collection, processing and transfer practices Personal Data Activities ). In accepting the grant of the RSUs, the Participant expressly and explicitly consents to the Personal Data Activities as described herein. 
 
 (a) Data Collection, Processing and Usage . The Company collects, processes and uses the Participant s personal data, including the Participant s name, home address, e-mail address, and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance passport number or other identification number (e.g. resident registration number), salary, citizenship, job title, any Shares or directorships held in the Company, and details of all RSUs or any other equity compensation awards granted, canceled, exercised, vested, or outstanding in the Participant s favor, which the Company receives from the Participant or the Employer Personal Information ). In granting the RSUs under the Plan, the Company will collect the Participant s Personal Information for purposes of allocating Shares and implementing, administering and managing the Plan. The Company s legal basis for the collection, processing and usage of the Participant s Personal Information is the Participant s consent. 
 
 7 

(b) Stock Plan Administration Service Provider . The Company transfers the Participant s Personal Information to Fidelity Stock Plan Services LLC, an independent service provider based in the United States, which assists the Company with the implementation, administration and management of the Plan (the Stock Plan Administrator ). In the future, the Company may select a different Stock Plan Administrator and share the Participant s Personal Information with another company that serves in a similar manner. The Stock Plan Administrator will open an account for the Participant to receive and trade Shares acquired under the Plan. The Participant will be asked to agree on separate terms and data processing practices with the Stock Plan Administrator, which is a condition to the Participant s ability to participate in the Plan. 
 
 (c) International Data Transfers . The Company and the Stock Plan Administrator are based in the United States. The Participant should note that the Participant s country of residence may have enacted data privacy laws that are different from the United States. The Company s legal basis for the transfer of the Participant s Personal Information to the United States is the Participant s consent. 
 
 (d) Voluntariness and Consequences of Consent Denial or Withdrawal . The Participant s participation in the Plan and the Participant's grant of consent is purely voluntary. The Participant may deny or withdraw the Participant's consent at any time. If the Participant does not consent, or if the Participant later withdraws the Participant's consent, the Participant may be unable to participate in the Plan. This would not affect the Participant s existing employment or salary instead, the Participant merely may forfeit the opportunities associated with the Plan. 
 
 (e) Data Subjects Rights . The Participant may have a number of rights under the data privacy laws in the Participant s country of residence. For example, the Participant s rights may include the right to (i) request access or copies of personal data the Company processes, (ii) request rectification of incorrect data, (iii) request deletion of data, (iv) place restrictions on processing, (v) lodge complaints with competent authorities in the Participant s country of residence, and or (vi) request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Participant s Personal Information. To receive clarification regarding the Participant s rights or to exercise the Participant's rights, the Participant should contact the Participant's local human resources department. 
 14. Waiver of Right to Jury Trial . EACH PARTY, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, WAIVES ANY RIGHT OR EXPECTATION AGAINST THE OTHER TO TRIAL OR ADJUDICATION BY A JURY OF ANY CLAIM, CAUSE OR ACTION ARISING WITH RESPECT TO THE RSUS OR HEREUNDER, OR THE RIGHTS, DUTIES OR LIABILITIES CREATED HEREBY. 
 15. Agreement Severable . In the event that any provision of this Agreement shall be held invalid or unenforceable, such provision shall be severable from, and such invalidity or unenforceability shall not be construed to have any effect on, the remaining provisions of this Agreement. 
 16. Governing Law and Venue . The laws of the State of Delaware (other than its choice of law provisions) shall govern this Agreement and its interpretation. For purposes of litigating any dispute that arises with respect to the RSUs, this Agreement or the Plan, the parties hereby submit to and consent to the jurisdiction of the State of Delaware, and agree that such litigation shall be conducted in the courts of New Castle County, or the United States Federal court for the District of Delaware, and no other courts and waive, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any objection that the laying of the venue of any legal or equitable proceedings related to, concerning or arising from such dispute which is brought in any such court is improper or that such proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient forum. Any claim under the Plan, this Agreement or the RSUs must be commenced by the Participant within twelve (12) months of the earliest date on which the Participant s claim first arises, or the Participant s cause of action accrues, or such claim will be deemed waived by the Participant. 
 17. Nature of RSUs . In accepting the RSUs, the Participant acknowledges and agrees that 
 (a) the Plan is established voluntarily by the Company, it is discretionary in nature and may be modified, amended, suspended or terminated by the Company at any time, to the extent permitted by the Plan 
 8 

(b) the award of RSUs is exceptional, voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future awards of RSUs, benefits in lieu of RSUs or other equity awards, even if RSUs have been awarded in the past 
 (c) all decisions with respect to future equity awards, if any, shall be at the sole discretion of the Company 
 (d) the Participant s participation in the Plan is voluntary 
 (e) the award of RSUs and the Shares subject to the RSUs, and the income from and value of same, are an extraordinary item that (i) does not constitute compensation of any kind for services of any kind rendered to the Company or any Subsidiary, and (ii) is outside the scope of the Participant s employment or service contract, if any 
 (f) the award of RSUs and the Shares subject to the RSUs, and the income from and value of same are not part of normal or expected compensation or salary for any purposes, including, but not limited to, calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, end of service payments, bonuses, holiday pay, long-service awards, pension or retirement or welfare benefits or similar payments and in no event should be considered as compensation for, or relating in any way to, past services for the Company or any Subsidiary 
 (g) the award of RSUs and any Shares acquired under the Plan, and the income from and value of same, are not intended to replace or supplement any pension rights or compensation 
 (h) unless otherwise expressly agreed with the Company, the RSUs and the Shares subject to the RSUs, and the income from and value of same, are not granted as consideration for, or in connection with, any service the Participant may provide as a director of any Subsidiary 
 (i) the future value of the underlying Shares is unknown and cannot be predicted with certainty 
 (j) the value of the Shares acquired upon vesting settlement of the RSUs may increase or decrease in value 
 (k) in consideration of the award of RSUs, no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from termination of the RSUs or from any diminution in value of the RSUs or the Shares upon vesting of the RSUs resulting from termination of the Participant s employment or continuous service with the Company or any Subsidiary (for any reason whatsoever and whether or not in breach of applicable labor laws of the jurisdiction where the Participant is employed or the terms of the Participant s employment agreement, if any), and in consideration of the grant of the RSUs, the Participant agrees not to institute any claim against the Company or any Subsidiary if, notwithstanding the foregoing, any such claim is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to have arisen, then, by signing this Agreement electronically accepting this Agreement, the Participant shall be deemed to have irrevocably waived the Participant s entitlement to pursue or seek remedy for any such claim and 
 (l) neither the Company, the Employer nor any other Eligible Subsidiary shall be liable for any foreign exchange rate fluctuation between the Participant s local currency and the United 
 9 

States Dollar that may affect the value of the RSUs or of any amounts due to the Participant pursuant to the settlement of the RSUs or the subsequent sale of any Shares acquired upon vesting. 
 18. Language . The Participant acknowledges that the Participant is proficient in the English language and understands the terms of this Agreement. If the Participant has received the Plan, this Agreement or any other document related to the Plan translated into a language other than English and if the meaning of the translated version is different than the English version, the English version will control, unless otherwise prescribed by applicable law. 
 19. Severability . The provisions of this Agreement are severable and if any one or more provisions are determined to be illegal or otherwise unenforceable, in whole or in part, the remaining provisions shall nevertheless be binding and enforceable. 
 20. Waiver . The Participant acknowledges that a waiver by the Company of breach of any provision of this Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other provision of this Agreement, or of any subsequent breach by the Participant or any other participant. 
 21. Insider Trading Market Abuse Laws . By accepting the RSUs, the Participant acknowledges that the Participant is bound by all the terms and conditions of any Company insider trading policy as may be in effect from time to time. The Participant further acknowledges that, depending on the Participant s country, the Participant may be or may become subject to insider trading restrictions and or market abuse laws, which may affect the Participant s ability to accept, acquire, sell or otherwise dispose of Shares, rights to Shares (e.g., RSUs) or rights linked to the value of Shares under the Plan during such times as the Participant is considered to have inside information regarding the Company (as defined by the laws in the applicable jurisdictions). Local insider trading laws and regulations may prohibit the cancellation or amendment of orders the Participant placed before the Participant possessed inside information. Furthermore, the Participant could be prohibited from (i) disclosing the inside information to any third party, which may include fellow employees and (ii) tipping third parties or causing them otherwise to buy or sell securities. Any restrictions under these laws or regulations are separate from and in addition to any restrictions that may be imposed under any Company insider trading policy as may be in effect from time to time. The Participant acknowledges that it is the Participant s personal responsibility to comply with any applicable restrictions, and the Participant should speak to the Participant's personal advisor on this matter. 
 22. Legal and Tax Compliance Cooperation . If the Participant resides or is employed outside of the United States, the Participant agrees, as a condition of the grant of the RSUs, to repatriate all payments attributable to the Shares and or cash acquired under the Plan (including, but not limited to, dividends and any proceeds derived from the sale of Shares acquired pursuant to the RSUs) if required by and in accordance with local foreign exchange rules and regulations in the Participant s country of residence (and country of employment, if different). In addition, the Participant also agrees to take any and all actions, and consent to any and all actions taken by the Company and its Eligible Subsidiaries, as may be required to allow the Company and its Eligible Subsidiaries to comply with local laws, rules and regulations in the Participant s country of residence (and country of employment, if different). Finally, the Participant agrees to take any and all actions as may be required to comply with the Participant s personal legal and tax obligations under local laws, rules and regulations in the Participant s country of residence (and country of employment, if different). 
 23. Private Offering . The grant of the RSUs is not intended to be a public offering of securities in the Participant s country of residence (and country of employment, if different). The Company has not submitted any registration statement, prospectus or other filing with the local securities authorities with respect to the grant of the RSUs (unless otherwise required under local law). No employee of the Company is permitted to advise the Participant on whether the Participant should acquire Shares under the Plan or provide the Participant with any legal, tax or financial advice with respect to the grant of the RSUs. Investment in Shares involves a degree of risk. Before deciding to acquire Shares pursuant to the RSUs, the Participant should carefully consider all risk factors and tax considerations relevant to the acquisition of Shares under the Plan or the disposition of them. Further, the Participant should carefully review all of the materials related to 
 10 

the RSUs and the Plan, and the Participant should consult with the Participant s personal legal, tax and financial advisors for professional advice in relation to the Participant s personal circumstances. 
 24. Foreign Asset Account Reporting Requirements and Exchange Controls . The Participant s country may have certain foreign asset account reporting requirements and exchange controls which may affect the Participant s ability to acquire or hold Shares under the Plan or cash received from participating in the Plan (including any dividends paid on Shares, sale proceeds resulting from the sale of Shares acquired under the Plan) in a brokerage or bank account outside the Participant s country. The Participant may be required to report such accounts, assets, or transactions to the tax or other authorities in the Participant s country. The Participant may be required to repatriate sale proceeds or other funds received as a result of the Participant s participation in the Plan to the Participant s country through a designated bank or broker within a certain time after receipt. The Participant acknowledges that it is the Participant s responsibility to be compliant with such regulations and the Participant should consult the Participant's personal legal advisor for any details. 
 25. Addendums . Notwithstanding any provisions in this Agreement, the RSUs and any Shares subject to the RSUs shall be subject to any special terms and conditions for the Participant s country of employment and country of residence, if different, as set forth in the addenda attached hereto. Moreover, if the Participant relocates to one of the countries included in such addenda, the special terms and conditions for such country will apply to the Participant, to the extent the Company determines that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons and provided the imposition of the term or condition will not result in any adverse accounting expense with respect to the RSUs (or the Company may establish alternative terms and conditions as may be necessary or advisable to accommodate the Participant s transfer). All addenda attached hereto constitute part of this Agreement. 
 26. Imposition of Other Requirements . The Company reserves the right to impose other requirements on the Participant s participation in the Plan, on the RSUs and on any Shares subject to the RSUs, to the extent the Company determines it is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons and provided the imposition of the term or condition will not result in any adverse accounting expense to the Company, and to require the Participant to sign any additional agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. 
 27. Recoupment . The RSUs granted pursuant to this Agreement are subject to the terms of the Envista Holdings Corporation Recoupment Policy in the form approved by the Committee from time to time (including any successor thereto, the Policy if and to the extent such Policy by its terms applies to the RSUs, and to the terms required by applicable law and the terms of the Policy and such applicable law are incorporated by reference herein and made a part hereof. For purposes of the foregoing, the Participant expressly and explicitly authorizes the Company to issue instructions, on the Participant s behalf, to any brokerage firm and or third party administrator engaged by the Company to hold the Participant s Shares and other amounts acquired pursuant to the Participant s RSUs, to re-convey, transfer or otherwise return such Shares and or other amounts to the Company upon the Company s enforcement of the Policy. To the extent that this Agreement and the Policy conflict, the terms of the Policy shall prevail. 
 28. Notices . The Company may, directly or through its third party stock plan administrator, endeavor to provide certain notices to the Participant regarding certain events relating to awards that the Participant may have received or may in the future receive under the Plan, such as notices reminding the Participant of the vesting or expiration date of certain awards. The Participant acknowledges and agrees that (1) the Company has no obligation (whether pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise) to provide any such notices (2) to the extent the Company does provide any such notices to the Participant the Company does not thereby assume any obligation to provide any such notices or other notices and (3) the Company, its Subsidiaries and the third party stock plan administrator have no liability for, and the Participant has no right whatsoever (whether pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise) to make any claim against the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or the third party stock plan administrator based on any allegations of, damages or harm suffered by the Participant as a result of the Company s failure to provide 
 11 

any such notices or the Participant s failure to receive any such notices. The Participant further agrees to notify the Company upon any change in the Participant's residence address. 
 29. Limitations on Liability . Notwithstanding any other provisions of the Plan or this Agreement, no individual acting as a director, employee, or agent of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries will be liable to the Participant or the Participant s spouse, beneficiary, or any other person or entity for any claim, loss, liability, or expense incurred in connection with the Plan, nor will such individual be personally liable because of any contract or other instrument the Participant executes in such other capacity. No member of the Board or of the Committee will be liable for any action or determination (including, but limited to, any decision not to act) made in good faith with respect to the Plan or any RSUs. 
 30. Consent and Agreement With Respect to Plan . The Participant (a) acknowledges that the Plan and the prospectus relating thereto are available to the Participant on the website maintained by the Company s third party stock plan administrator (b) represents that the Participant has read and is familiar with the terms and provisions thereof, has had an opportunity to obtain the advice of counsel of the Participant's choice prior to executing this Agreement and fully understands all provisions of this Agreement and the Plan (c) accepts these RSUs subject to all of the terms and provisions thereof and (d) agrees to accept as binding, conclusive and final all decisions or interpretations of the Committee upon any questions arising under the Plan or this Agreement. 

12 

If this Agreement is signed in paper form, complete and execute the following 
 
 PARTICIPANT ENVISTA HOLDINGS CORPORATION #Signature# Signature Signature #ParticipantName# Print Name Print Name Title 

Declaration of Data Privacy Consent . By providing the additional signature below, the undersigned explicitly declares the Participant's consent to the data processing operations described in Section 13 of this Agreement. This includes, without limitation, the transfer of the Participant s Personal Information to, and the processing of such data by, the Company, the Employer or, as the case may be, the Stock Plan Administrator in the United States. The undersigned may withdraw the Participant's consent at any time, with future effect and for any or no reason as described in Section 13 of this Agreement. 

PARTICIPANT #Signature# Signature 
 
 13 

ADDENDUM A 
 This Addendum includes additional terms and conditions that govern the RSUs granted to the Participant if the Participant works and or resides in one of the countries listed herein. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the same meanings ascribed to them in the Grant Notice, the Agreement or the Plan. 
 This Addendum may also include information regarding exchange controls, tax and certain other issues of which the Participant should be aware with respect to the Participant s participation in the Plan. The information is based on the securities, exchange control, tax and other laws in effect as of February 2022 . Such laws are often complex and change frequently. As a result, the Company strongly recommends that the Participant not rely on the information contained herein as the only source of information relating to the consequences of the Participant s participation in the Plan because the information may be out of date at the time the Participant vests in the RSUs or sells Shares acquired under the Plan. 
 In addition, this Addendum is general in nature and may not apply to the Participant s particular situation, and the Company is not in a position to assure the Participant of any particular result. Accordingly, the Participant should seek appropriate professional advice as to how the relevant laws in the Participant s country apply to the Participant s specific situation. 
 If the Participant is a citizen or resident (or is considered as such for local tax purposes) of a country other than the one in which the Participant is currently residing and or working, or if the Participant transfers employment and or residency to another country after the grant of the RSUs, the information contained herein may not be applicable to the Participant in the same manner. 
 EUROPEAN UNION EU EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA EEA 1 AND SWITZERLAND 
 Data Privacy 
 If the Participant resides and or is employed in the EU EEA, the following provision replaces Section 13 of the Agreement 
 The Company is located at 200 S. Kraemer Blvd., Building E, Brea California 92821 and grants RSUs under the Plan to employees of the Company and its Subsidiaries in its sole discretion. The Participant should review the following information about the Company s data processing practices. 
 (a) Data Collection, Processing and Usage . Pursuant to applicable data protection laws, the Participant is hereby notified that the Company collects, processes, and uses certain personally-identifiable information about the Participant specifically, including the Participant s name, home address, email address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance passport number or other identification number (e.g. resident registration number), salary, citizenship, job title, any Shares or directorships held in the Company, and details of all RSUs or any other equity compensation awards granted, canceled, exercised, vested, or outstanding in the Participant s favor, which the Company receives from the Participant or the Employer Personal Information ). In granting the RSUs under the Plan, the Company will collect the Participant s Personal Information for purposes of allocating Shares and implementing, administering and managing the Plan. The Company s legal basis for collecting, processing and using the Participant's Personal Information will be the Company's necessity to execute its contractual obligations under this Agreement and to comply with its legal obligations. The Participant s refusal to provide personal data may affect the Participant s ability to participate in the Plan. As such, by participating in the Plan, the Participant voluntarily acknowledges the collection, processing and use, of the Participant s Personal Information as described herein. 
 (b) Stock Plan Administration Service Provider . The Company transfers participant data to Fidelity Stock Plan Services LLC, an independent service provider based in the United States, which assists the Company with the implementation, administration and management of the Plan (the Stock Plan Administrator ). In the future, the Company may select a different Stock Plan Administrator and share the Participant s Personal Information with another company that serves in a similar manner. The Stock Plan Administrator will open an account for the Participant to receive and trade Shares 
 
 1 For the avoidance of doubt, references to the European Union European Economic Area in this Addendum include currently the United Kingdom. 
 14 

acquired under the Plan. The Participant will be asked to agree on separate terms and data processing practices with the Stock Plan Administrator, which is a condition to the Participant s ability to participate in the Plan. 
 (c) International Data Transfers . The Company and the Stock Plan Administrator are based in the United States. The Company can only meet its contractual obligations to the Participant if the Participant s Personal Information is transferred to the United States. The Company s legal basis for the transfer of the Participant s Personal Information to the United States is to satisfy its contractual obligations under the terms of this Agreement and or its use of the standard data protection clauses adopted by the EU Commission. 
 (d) Data Retention . The Company will use the Participant s Personal Information only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage the Participant s participation in the Plan or as required to comply with legal or regulatory obligations, including under tax and securities laws. When the Company no longer needs the Participant s Personal Information, the Company will remove it from its systems. If the Company keeps the Participant s data longer, it would be to satisfy legal or regulatory obligations and the Company s legal basis would be for compliance with relevant laws or regulations. 
 (e) Data Subjects Rights . The Participant may have a number of rights under data privacy laws in the Participant s country of residence (and country of employment, if different). For example, the Participant s rights may include the right to (i) request access or copies of personal data the Company processes pursuant to this Agreement, (ii) request rectification of incorrect data, (iii) request deletion of data, (iv) request restrictions on processing, (v) lodge complaints with competent authorities in the Participant s country of residence (and country of employment, if different), and or (vi) request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Participant s Personal Information. To receive clarification regarding the Participant s rights or to exercise the Participant's rights, the Participant should contact the Participant's local human resources department. 
 AUSTRALIA 
 Australia Offer Document 
 The Participant understands that the offering of the Plan in Australia is intended to qualify for exemption from the prospectus requirements under Class Order 14 1000 issued by the Australian Securities and Investments Commission. Participation in the Plan is subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Australian Offer Document (delivered to the Participant separately), the Plan and the Agreement provided to the Participant. 
 RSUs Conditioned on Satisfaction of Regulatory Obligations 
 If the Participant is (a) a director of a Subsidiary incorporated in Australia, or (b) a person who is a management-level executive of a Subsidiary incorporated in Australia and who also is a director of a Subsidiary incorporated outside of Australia, the grant of the RSUs is conditioned upon satisfaction of the shareholder approval provisions of section 200B of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) in Australia. 
 Tax Information 
 The Plan is a plan to which Subdivision 83A-C of the Income Tax Assessment Act 1997 (Cth) (the Act applies (subject to the conditions in that Act). 
 Exchange Control Notice 
 Exchange control reporting is required for cash transactions exceeding A 10,000 and international fund transfers of any amount. The Australian bank assisting with the transaction will file the report for the Participant. If there is no Australian bank involved in the transfer, the Participant will be responsible for filing the report. 
 BELGIUM 
 Foreign Asset Account Reporting Information 
 The Participant is required to report any securities (e.g., Shares acquired under the Plan) or bank accounts (including brokerage accounts) opened and maintained outside of Belgium on the Participant's annual tax return. The Participant will also be required to complete a separate report, providing the National Bank of 
 15 

Belgium with details regarding any such account (including the account number, the name of the bank in which such account is held and the country in which such account is located). This report, as well as additional information on how to complete it, can be found on the website of the National Bank of Belgium, www.nbb.be, under Kredietcentrales Centrales des cr dits caption. 
 Stock Exchange Tax Information 
 A stock exchange tax applies to transactions executed by a Belgian resident through a non-Belgian financial intermediary, such as a U.S. broker. The stock exchange tax will apply when Shares acquired pursuant to the RSUs are sold. The Participant should consult with a personal tax or financial advisor for additional details on the Participant s obligations with respect to the stock exchange tax. 
 Annual Securities Account Tax 
 An annual securities accounts tax may be payable if the total value of securities held in a Belgian or foreign securities account (e.g., Shares acquired under the Plan) exceeds a certain threshold on four reference dates within the relevant reporting period (i.e., December 31, March 31, June 30 and September 30). In such case, the tax will be due on the value of the qualifying securities held in such account. The Participant should consult with a personal tax or financial advisor for additional details on the Participant s obligations with respect to the annual securities account tax. 
 BRAZIL 
 Labor Law Policy and Acknowledgment 
 The following provision supplements Section 17 of the Agreement 
 By accepting the RSUs, the Participant agrees that the Participant is (i) making an investment decision (ii) the Shares will be issued to the Participant only if the Vesting Conditions are met and (iii) the value of the underlying Shares is not fixed and may increase or decrease in value over the vesting period without compensation to the Participant. 
 Compliance with Law 
 By accepting the RSUs, the Participant acknowledges that the Participant agrees to comply with applicable Brazilian laws and to pay any and all applicable taxes associated with the vesting of the RSUs, and the sale of Shares acquired under the Plan and the receipt of any dividends. 
 Foreign Asset Account Reporting Information 
 If the Participant is a resident or domiciled in Brazil, the Participant may be required to submit an annual declaration of assets and rights held outside of Brazil to the Central Bank of Brazil. If the aggregate value of such assets and rights is US 100,000 or more but less than US 100,000,000, a declaration must be submitted annually. If the aggregate value exceeds US 100,000,000, a declaration must be submitted quarterly. 
 Tax on Financial Transactions (IOF) 
 Repatriation of funds e.g. , the proceeds from the sale of Shares) into Brazil and the conversion of USD into BRL associated with such fund transfers may be subject to the Tax on Financial Transactions. It is the Participant's responsibility to comply with any applicable Tax on Financial Transactions arising from the Participant's participation in the Plan. The Participant should consult with the Participant's personal tax advisor for additional details. 
 CANADA 
 RSUs Payable Only in Shares 
 RSUs granted to Participants in Canada shall be paid in Shares only. In no event shall any of such RSUs be paid in cash, notwithstanding any discretion contained in the Plan, or any provision in the Agreement to the contrary. 
 Forfeiture Upon Termination of Employment 
 The following provision replaces Section 4(a) of the Agreement 
 16 

Until vested, the RSU shall be subject to forfeiture in the event of the termination of the Participant's employment, where termination of employment means the date on which the Participant is no longer actively providing services to the Company (including, for this purpose, all Eligible Subsidiaries) for any reason, whether such termination is occasioned by the Participant, by the Company or any of its Eligible Subsidiaries, with or without cause, and whether or not later found to be invalid or unlawful by mutual agreement or by operation of law Termination of Employment ). For the avoidance of doubt, unless explicitly required by applicable legislation, the date on which any Termination of Employment occurs shall not be extended by any notice period or period for which pay in lieu of notice or related damages or payments are provided or mandated under local law (including, but not limited to, statute, contract, regulatory law and or common or civil law), and the Participant shall have no right to full or pro-rated vesting or compensation for lost vesting related to such periods. For greater clarity, the date on which Termination of Employment occurs shall not be extended by any period of garden leave , paid administrative leave or similar period under local law. The Administrator shall have the exclusive discretion to determine when the Participant ceased to actively provide services to the Employer for the purposes of this RSU (including, subject to statutory protections, whether the Participant may still be considered to be providing services while on an approved leave of absence). Unless the Committee provides otherwise (1) Termination of Employment shall include instances in which the Participant is terminated and immediately rehired as an independent contractor, and (2) the spin-off, sale, or disposition of the Participant s employer from the Company or an Eligible Subsidiary (whether by transfer of shares, assets or otherwise) such that the Participant s employer no longer constitutes an Eligible Subsidiary shall constitute a Termination of Employment. 
 If, notwithstanding the foregoing, applicable employment legislation explicitly requires continued vesting during a statutory notice period, the Participant s right to vest in the RSU, if any, will terminate effective as of the last day of the minimum statutory notice period, but the Participant will not earn or be entitled to pro-rated vesting if the vesting date falls after the end of the Participant s statutory notice period, nor will the Participant be entitled to any compensation for the lost vesting. 
 Sections 4(b) through 4(e) of the Agreement shall continue to apply to the Participant provided, however, that any reference to termination of employment, termination of an active service-providing relationship, no longer actively employed (or is no longer actively providing services, as applicable) or similar language shall be interpreted to mean Termination of Employment as defined in this Addendum A. 
 The following two provisions apply if the Participant is a resident of Quebec 
 Consent to Receive Information in English 
 The parties acknowledge that it is their express wish that the Agreement, as well as all documents, notices and legal proceedings entered into, given or instituted pursuant hereto or relating directly or indirectly hereto, be written in English. 
 Les parties reconnaissent avoir exig la r daction en anglais du pr sent Contrat, ainsi que de tous documents ex cut s, avis donn s ou proc dures judiciaires intent es, en vertu du, ou li s directement ou indirectement, au pr sent Contrat. 
 Grant for Future Services 
 The following provision supplements Section 17 of the Agreement 
 (m) By accepting the RSUs, the Participant acknowledges, understands and agrees that the Options relate to future services to be performed and are not a bonus or compensation for past services. 
 Data Privacy 
 The following provision supplements Section 13 of the Agreement 
 The Participant hereby authorizes the Company and the Company s representatives to discuss with and obtain all relevant information from all personnel, professional or not, involved in the administration and operation of the Participant s awards under the Plan. The Participant further authorizes the Company, its Subsidiaries, and the Stock Plan Administrator, to disclose and discuss the Participant s participation in 
 17 

the Plan with their respective advisors. The Participant further authorizes the Company and its Subsidiaries to record such information and to keep such information in the Participant's employee file. 
 Securities Law Notice 
 The Participant is permitted to sell Shares acquired under the Plan through the designated broker appointed under the Plan, if any (or any other broker acceptable to the Company), provided the resale of Shares acquired under the Plan takes place outside of Canada through the facilities of a stock exchange on which the Shares is listed. The Shares are currently listed on the New York Stock Exchange. 
 Foreign Asset Account Reporting Information 
 Foreign property, including the RSUs, Shares acquired under the Plan, and other rights to receive shares of a non-Canadian company held by a Canadian resident must generally be reported annually on a Form T1135 (Foreign Income Verification Statement) if the total cost of the foreign property exceeds C 100,000 at any time during the year. Thus, unvested RSUs must be reported generally at a nil cost if the C 100,000 cost threshold is exceeded because the Participant holds other foreign property. When Shares are acquired, their cost generally is the adjusted cost base ACB of the Shares. The ACB would ordinarily equal the fair market value of the Shares at the time of acquisition, but if the Participant owns other shares of the Company, this ACB may need to be averaged with the ACB of the other shares. The Participant should consult the Participant's personal legal advisor to ensure compliance with applicable reporting obligations. 
 CHILE 
 Securities Law Notice 
 The grant of the RSUs is not intended to be a public offering of securities in Chile but instead is intended to be a private placement. 
 a) The starting date of the offer will be the Date of Grant (as defined in the Agreement), and this offer conforms to General Ruling No. 336 of the Chilean Commission of the Financial Market CMF 
 b) The offer deals with securities not registered in the Registry of Securities or in the Registry of Foreign Securities of the CMF, and therefore such securities are not subject to its oversight 
 c) The issuer is not obligated to provide public information in Chile regarding the foreign securities, as such securities are not registered with the CMF and 
 d) The foreign securities shall not be subject to public offering as long as they are not registered with the corresponding registry of securities in Chile. 
 a) La fecha de inicio de la oferta ser el de la fecha de otorgamiento (o Date of Grant , seg n este t rmino se define en el documento denominado Agreement y esta oferta se acoge a la norma de Car cter General N 336 de la Comisi n para el Mercado Financiero de Chile CMF 
 b) La oferta versa sobre valores no inscritos en el Registro de Valores o en el Registro de Valores Extranjeros que lleva la CMF, por lo que tales valores no est n sujetos a la fiscalizaci n de sta 
 c) Por tratar de valores no inscritos en la CMF no existe la obligaci n por parte del emisor de entregar en Chile informaci n p blica respecto de esos valores y 
 d) Esos valores no podr n ser objeto de oferta p blica mientras no sean inscritos en el registro de valores correspondiente. 
 Exchange Control Notice 
 If the Participant is a resident of Chile, the Participant is not required to repatriate any proceeds obtained from the sale of Shares or the receipt of dividends to Chile. However, if the Participant is a resident of Chile and decides to repatriate proceeds from the sale of Shares or the receipt of dividends and the amount of the proceeds to be repatriated exceeds US 10,000, the Participant must effect such repatriation through the Formal Exchange Market. It is unnecessary to convert any repatriated funds into Chilean currency. 
 18 

Please note that exchange control regulations in Chile are subject to change. The Participant should consult with the Participant s personal legal advisor regarding any exchange control obligations that the Participant may have prior to the vesting of the RSUs. 
 Foreign Asset Account Reporting Information 
 The Chilean Internal Revenue Service CIRS requires all taxpayers to provide information annually regarding (i) the taxes paid abroad which they will use as a credit against Chilean income taxes, and (ii) the results of foreign investments. These annual reporting obligations must be complied with by submitting a sworn statement setting forth this information before June 30 of each year. The sworn statement disclosing this information (or Formularios must be submitted electronically through the CIRS website www.sii.cl, using Form 1929. In addition, the Participant will be personally responsible for reporting taxable income on Form 22. 
 CHINA 
 The following provision applies if the Participant is subject to exchange control restrictions and regulations in the People's Republic of China PRC ), including the requirements imposed by the PRC State Administration of Foreign Exchange SAFE ), as determined by the Company in its sole discretion 
 Settlement Notice 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan or the Agreement, no Shares will be issued to the Participant in settlement of the RSUs unless and until all necessary exchange control or other approvals with respect to the RSUs under the Plan have been obtained from the SAFE or its local counterpart SAFE Approval ). In the event that SAFE Approval has not been obtained prior to any date(s) on which the RSUs are scheduled to vest in accordance with the vesting schedule set forth in the Agreement, any Shares which are contemplated to be issued in settlement of such vested RSUs shall be held by the Company in escrow on behalf of the Participant until SAFE Approval is obtained. 
 Exchange Control Restrictions Applicable to Participants who are PRC Nationals 
 If the Participant is a local national of the PRC, the Participant understands and agrees that upon RSU vesting the underlying Shares may be sold immediately or, at the Company s discretion, at a later time. The Participant further agrees that the Company is authorized to instruct its designated broker to assist with the mandatory sale of such Shares (on the Participant s behalf pursuant to this authorization), and the Participant expressly authorizes such broker to complete the sale of such Shares. The Participant acknowledges that the Company s designated broker is under no obligation to arrange for the sale of the Shares at any particular price. Upon the sale of the Shares, the Company agrees to pay the cash proceeds from the sale, less any brokerage fees or commissions, to the Participant in accordance with applicable exchange control laws and regulations and provided any liability for Tax Related-Items resulting from the vesting of the RSUs has been satisfied. Due to fluctuations in the Share price and or the U.S. Dollar exchange rate between the Vesting Date and (if later) the date on which the Shares are sold, the sale proceeds may be more or less than the fair market value of the Shares on the Vesting Date. The Participant understands and agrees that the Company is not responsible for the amount of any loss the Participant may incur and that the Company assumes no liability for any fluctuations in the Share price and or U.S. Dollar exchange rate. 
 The Participant understands and agrees that, due to exchange control laws in China, the Participant will be required to immediately repatriate to China the cash proceeds from the sale of any Shares acquired at vesting of the RSUs and any dividends received in relation to the Shares. The Participant further understands that, under local law, such repatriation of the cash proceeds may need to be effectuated through a special exchange control account to be approved by the local foreign exchange administration, and the Participant hereby consents and agrees that the proceeds from the sale of Shares acquired under the Plan and any dividends received in relation to the Shares may be transferred to such special account prior to being delivered to the Participant. The proceeds may be paid to the Participant in U.S. Dollars or local currency at the Company s discretion (as of the Date of Grant, the proceeds are paid to the Participant in local currency). In the event the proceeds are paid to the Participant in U.S. Dollars, the Participant understands that the Participant will be required to set up a U.S. Dollar bank account in China and provide the bank account details to the Employer and or the Company so that the proceeds may be deposited into this account. 
 19 

If the proceeds are paid to the Participant in local currency, the Participant agrees to bear any currency fluctuation risk between the time the Shares are sold or dividends are paid and the time the proceeds are distributed to the Participant through any such special account. 
 Exchange Control Notice Applicable to Participants in the PRC 
 If the Participant is a local national of the PRC, the Participant understands that exchange control restrictions may limit the Participant s ability to access and or convert funds received under the Plan, particularly if these amounts exceed US 50,000. The Participant should confirm the procedures and requirements for withdrawals and conversions of foreign currency with the Participant's local bank prior to the vesting of the RSUs sale of Shares. 
 The Participant agrees to comply with any other requirements that may be imposed by the Company in the future in order to facilitate compliance with exchange control requirements in the PRC. 
 COLOMBIA 
 Labor Law Acknowledgement 
 The following provision supplements Section 17 of the Agreement 
 The Participant acknowledges that pursuant to Article 15 of Law 50 1990 (Article 128 of the Colombian Labor Code), the Plan, the RSUs, the underlying Shares, and any other amounts or payments granted or realized from participation in the Plan do not constitute a component of the Participant s salary for any purpose. To this extent, they will not be included and or considered for purposes of calculating any and all labor benefits, such as legal fringe benefits, vacations, indemnities, payroll taxes, social insurance contributions or any other labor-related amount which may be payable. 
 Securities Law Notice 
 The Shares are not and will not be registered with the Colombian registry of publicly traded securities Registro Nacional de Valores y Emisores ), and therefore, the Shares cannot be offered to the public in Colombia. Nothing in the Agreement shall be construed as making a public offer of securities, or the promotion of financial products in Colombia. 
 Exchange Control Notice 
 Foreign investments must be registered with the Central Bank of Colombia Banco de la Rep blica ). Upon the subsequent sale or other disposition of investments held abroad, the registration with the Central Bank must be canceled, the proceeds from the sale or other disposition of the Shares must be repatriated to Colombia and the appropriate Central Bank form must be filed (usually with the Participant s local bank). The Participant acknowledges that the Participant personally is responsible for complying with Colombian exchange control requirements. 
 Foreign Asset Account Reporting Information 
 An annual informative return must be filed with the Colombian Tax Office detailing any assets held abroad (including the Shares acquired under the Plan). If the individual value of any of these assets exceeds a certain threshold, each asset must be described e.g., its nature and its value) and the jurisdiction in which it is located must be disclosed. The Participant acknowledges that the Participant personally is responsible for complying with this tax reporting requirement. 
 CROATIA 
 Exchange Control Notice 
 The Participant must report any foreign investments (including Shares acquired under the Plan) to the Croatian National Bank for statistical purposes. However, because exchange control regulations may change without notice, the Participant should consult with the Participant's legal advisor to ensure compliance with current regulations. The Participant acknowledges that the Participant personally is responsible for complying with Croatian exchange control laws. 
 20 

CZECH REPUBLIC 
 Exchange Control Notice 
 Upon request of the Czech National Bank (the CNB ), the Participant may need to report the following to the CNB foreign direct investments, financial credits from abroad, investment in foreign securities and associated collection and payments (Shares and proceeds from the sale of the Shares may be included in this reporting requirement). The Participant may need to report the following even in the absence of a request from the CNB foreign direct investments with a value of CZK 2,500,000 or more in the aggregate or other foreign financial assets with a value of CZK 200,000,00 or more. Because exchange control regulations change frequently and without notice, the Participant should consult the Participant's personal legal advisor prior to vesting of the RSUs and the sale of Shares to ensure compliance with current regulations. It is the Participant s responsibility to comply with Czech exchange control laws, and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary will be liable for any resulting fines or penalties. 
 
 21 

DENMARK 
 Danish Stock Option Act 
 Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the treatment of the RSUs upon the Participant s termination of employment with the Company or an Eligible Subsidiary, as applicable, shall be governed by the Danish Stock Option Act, as in effect at the time of the Participant s termination (as determined by the Committee in its discretion in consultation with legal counsel). By accepting the RSUs, the Participant acknowledges that the Participant has received a Danish translation of an Employer Statement, which is being provided to comply with the Danish Stock Option Act. 
 Foreign Asset Account Reporting Information 
 The establishment of an account holding Shares or an account holding cash outside Denmark must be reported to the Danish Tax Administration. The form which should be used in this respect may be obtained from a local bank. 
 The requirement to report certain information to the Danish Tax Administration via Form V or K was eliminated effective January 1, 2019. However, the Participant must still report the foreign bank broker accounts and their deposits, and Shares held in a foreign bank or broker in the Participant's tax return under the section on foreign affairs and income. 
 ECUADOR 
 Foreign Asset Account Reporting Information 
 The Participant will be responsible for including any RSUs that vested during the previous fiscal year in the Participant's annual Net Worth Declaration if the Participant's net worth exceeds the thresholds set forth in the law. The Net Worth Declaration must be filed in May of the following year using the electronic form on the tax authorities website (www.sri.gob.ec). Penalties will apply to a late filing and it is not possible to seek an extension. 
 ESTONIA 
 Participant Responsibility for Fringe Benefits Tax. 
 The following provision supplements Section 7 of the Agreement 
 The Participant understands that the Participant generally would not be subject to taxation in Estonia when the RSUs vest and Shares are issued under the Plan and instead, the Employer generally would be subject to a fringe benefits tax FBT unless an exemption otherwise applies. Notwithstanding the foregoing, as a condition to the grant of the RSUs and the Participant s participation in the Plan, the Participant expressly agrees that the Participant shall bear the cost of any FBT that may be payable upon the issuance of the Shares issued in settlement of the RSUs upon vesting, and the Company and or the Employer will seek indemnification reimbursement from the Participant for any FBT that is payable. For purposes of the foregoing, the Company shall reduce the number of Shares otherwise issuable to the Participant upon vesting of the RSUs by a number of Shares equal to an amount determined by the Company to be appropriate to offset the FBT, and may otherwise recover any FBT by any other means referred to in Section 7 of the Agreement. The Participant further acknowledges and agrees that the Company and or Employer shall have discretion to seek indemnification for any FBT that may be payable upon the issuance of the Shares issued in settlement of the RSUs upon vesting and that such discretion is not imbalanced or harmful to the Participant, and the Participant unconditionally and irrevocably waives any rights to amend or dispute its validity on the basis of any law or regulation of Estonia or any other jurisdiction. 
 
 Language Consent 
 By accepting the RSUs, the Participant confirms having read and understood the documents related to the grant, which were provided in the English language, and that he or she does not need the translation thereof into the Estonian language. The Participant accepts the terms of those documents accordingly. 
 22 

V ttes vastu piiratud aktsia hikute (RSUs) pakkumise, kinnitab Osaleja, et ta on ingliskeelsena esitatud pakkumisega seotud dokumendid l bi lugenud ja nendest aru saanud ning et ta ei vaja nende t lkimist eesti keelde. Sellest tulenevalt Osaleja n ustub viidatud dokumentide tingimustega. 
 FINLAND 
 Foreign Asset Account Reporting Information. There are no specific reporting requirements with respect to foreign assets accounts. However, the Participant should check the Participant s pre-completed tax return to confirm that the ownership of Shares and other securities (foreign or domestic) are correctly reported. If the Participant finds any errors or omissions, the Participant must make the necessary corrections electronically or by sending specific paper forms to the local tax authorities. 
 FRANCE 
 Consent to Receive Information in English 
 By accepting the RSUs, the Participant confirms having read and understood the Plan, the Grant Notice, the Agreement and this Addendum, including all terms and conditions included therein, which were provided in the English language. The Participant accepts the terms of those documents accordingly. 
 Consentement afin de Recevoir des Informations en Anglais 
 En acceptant les droits sur des actions assujettis restrictions restricted stock units ou RSUs ), le Participant confirme avoir lu et compris le Plan, la Notification d Attribution, le Contrat et la pr sente Annexe B, en ce compris tous les termes et conditions y relatifs, qui ont t fournis en langue anglaise. Le Participant accepte les termes de ces documents en connaissance de cause . 
 Tax Information 
 The RSUs granted under the Agreement are not intended to be a tax-qualified RSUs. 
 Foreign Asset Account Reporting Information 
 The Participant may hold any Shares acquired under the Plan, any sales proceeds resulting from the sale of Shares or any dividends paid on such Shares outside of France, provided the Participant declares all foreign accounts, whether open, current, or closed, in the Participant's income tax return. Failure to complete this reporting triggers penalties for the resident. Further, French residents with foreign account balances exceeding prescribed amounts may have additional monthly reporting obligations. 
 GERMANY 
 Exchange Control Notice 
 German residents must report cross-border payments (made or received) in excess of 12,500 to the Deutsche Bundesbank . Such reporting obligation might arise when Shares are issued to employees and when Shares are subsequently sold by the employees. The Participant is personally responsible for complying with applicable reporting obligations and should consult with the Participant 's personal legal advisor for additional information about these reporting obligations. 
 HUNGARY 
 None. 
 INDIA 
 Exchange Control Notice 
 The Participant must repatriate any proceeds from the sale of the Shares and any cash dividends acquired under the Plan to India and convert the proceeds into local currency within a certain period from the time of receipt (90 days for sale proceeds and within 180 days for dividend payments, or within such other period of time as may be required under applicable regulations and to convert the proceeds into local currency). The Participant will receive a foreign inward remittance certificate FIRC from the bank where the Participant deposits the foreign currency. The Participant should maintain the FIRC as 
 23 

evidence of the repatriation of funds in the event the Reserve Bank of India or the Employer requests proof of repatriation. 
 It is the Participant s responsibility to comply with exchange control laws in India, and neither the Company nor the Employer will be liable for any fines or penalties resulting from the Participant s failure to comply with applicable laws. 
 Foreign Asset Account Reporting Information 
 The Participant is required to declare the Participant's foreign bank accounts and any foreign financial assets (including Shares held outside India) in the Participant s annual tax return. It is the Participant s responsibility to comply with this reporting obligation and the Participant should consult the Participant's personal advisor in this regard as significant penalties may apply in the case of non-compliance. 
 INDONESIA 
 Language Consent 
 A translation of the documents relating to this grant into Bahasa Indonesia can be provided to Participant upon request to Envista s Corporate Compensation department. By accepting the RSUs, the Participant (i) confirms having read and understood the documents relating to the RSUs i.e. , the Plan and the Agreement) which were provided in the English language, (ii) accepts the terms of those documents accordingly, and (iii) agrees not to challenge the validity of this document based on Law No. 24 of 2009 on National Flag, Language, Coat of Arms and National Anthem or the implementing Presidential Regulation (when issued). 
 Persetujuan Bahasa 
 Terjemahan dari dokumen-dokumen terkait dengan pemberian ini ke Bahasa Indonesia dapat disediakan untuk Peserta berdasarkan permintaan kepada Envista s Corporate Compensation department. Dengan menerima Pemberian, Peserta (i) memberikan konfirmasi bahwa anda telah membaca dan memahami dokumen-dokumen berkaitan dengan Pemberian ini (yaitu, Program dan Perjanjian) yang disediakan dalam Bahasa Inggris, (ii) menerima persyaratan di dalam dokumen-dokumen tersebut, dan (iii) setuju untuk tidak mengajukan keberatan atas keberlakuan dari dokumen ini berdasarkan Undang-Undang No. 24 Tahun 2009 tentang Bendera, Bahasa dan Lambang Negara serta Lagu Kebangsaan ataupun Peraturan Presiden sebagai pelaksanaannya (ketika diterbitkan). 
 Exchange Control Notice 
 Indonesian residents repatriating funds (e.g., remittance of proceeds from the sale of Shares into Indonesia) into Indonesia, the Indonesian bank through which the transaction is made will submit a report of the transaction to the Bank of Indonesia. For transactions of US 10,000 or more (or its equivalent in other currency), a more detailed description of the transaction must be included in the report and the Participant may be required to provide information about the transaction to the bank in order to complete the transaction. For foreign currency transactions exceeding US 25,000, the underlying document of that transaction will have to be submitted to the relevant local bank. 
 ITALY 
 Plan Document Acknowledgement 
 In accepting the RSUs, the Participant acknowledges that the Participant has received a copy of the Plan and the Agreement, has reviewed the Plan and the Agreement (including this Addendum), in their entirety and fully understands and accepts all provisions of the Plan and the Agreement (including this Addendum). 
 The Participant further acknowledges that the Participant has read and specifically and expressly approves without limitation, the following sections of the Agreement Section 7 Tax Obligations Section 16 Governing Law and Venue Section 17 Nature of RSUs Section 25 Addendums Section 26 Imposition of Other Requirements Section 27 Recoupment and the Data Privacy section above. 
 Foreign Asset Account Reporting Information 
 Italian residents who, at any time during the fiscal year, hold foreign financial assets (including cash and Shares) which may generate income taxable in Italy are required to report these assets on their annual tax returns (UNICO Form, RW Schedule) for the year during which the assets are held, or on a special form 
 24 

if no tax return is due. These reporting obligations will also apply to Italian residents who are the beneficial owners of foreign financial assets under Italian money laundering provisions. Italian residents should consult with their personal tax advisor to determine their personal reporting obligations. 
 Foreign Asset Tax 
 The value of any Shares (and other financial assets) held outside Italy by individuals resident of Italy may be subject to a foreign asset tax. The taxable amount will be the fair market value of the financial assets (e.g., Shares) assessed at the end of the calendar year. The value of financial assets held abroad must be reported in Form RM of the annual return. The Participant should consult the Participant's personal tax advisor for additional information on the foreign asset tax. 
 JAPAN 
 Foreign Asset Account Reporting Information 
 The Participant will be required to report details of any assets held outside Japan as of December 31st to the extent such assets have a total net fair market value exceeding 50,000,000. This report is due by March 15 each year. The Participant should consult with the Participant's personal tax advisor as to whether the reporting obligation applies to him or her and whether the requirement extends to any outstanding RSUs or Shares acquired under the Plan. 
 KOREA 
 Exchange Control Notice 
 If the Participant realizes US 500,000 or more from the sale of Shares or the receipt of any dividends with respect to RSUs granted prior to July 18, 2017, Korean exchange control laws may require the Participant to repatriate the proceeds back to Korea within three (3) years of the sale receipt. 
 Foreign Asset Account Reporting Information 
 Korean residents must declare all foreign financial accounts (e.g., non-Korean bank accounts, brokerage accounts) to the Korean tax authority and file a report with respect to such accounts in June of the following year if the monthly balance of such accounts exceeds KRW 500 million (or an equivalent amount in foreign currency) on any month-end date during a calendar year. The Participant should consult with the his her personal tax advisor to determine the Participant's personal reporting obligations. 
 MEXICO 
 Labor Law Acknowledgement 
 The following provision supplements Section 17 of the Agreement. 
 By accepting the RSUs, the Participant acknowledges that the Participant understands and agrees that (i) the RSUs are not related to the salary and other contractual benefits granted to the Participant by the Employer and (ii) any modification of the Plan or its termination shall not constitute a change or impairment of the terms and conditions of employment. 
 Policy Statement 
 The grant of the RSUs the Company is making under the Plan is unilateral and discretionary and, therefore, the Company reserves the absolute right to amend it and discontinue it at any time without any liability. 
 The Company, with registered offices at 200 S. Kraemer Blvd., Building E, Brea, California 92821, is solely responsible for the administration of the Plan. Participation in the Plan and the acquisition of Shares under the Plan does not, in any way establish an employment relationship between the Participant and the Company since the Participant is participating in the Plan on a wholly commercial basis and the Participant s sole employer is the Subsidiary employing the Participant, as applicable, nor does it establish any rights between the Participant and the Employer. 
 Plan Document Acknowledgment 
 By participating in the Plan, Participant acknowledges that the Participant has received copies of the Plan and the Agreement, has reviewed the Plan and the Agreement in their entirety and fully understands and accept all provisions of the Plan and the Agreement. 
 25 

In addition, by participating in the Plan, the Participant further acknowledges that the Participant has read and specifically and expressly approves the terms and conditions in Section 17 of the Agreement, in which the following is clearly described and established (i) participation in the Plan does not constitute an acquired right (ii) the Plan and participation in the Plan is offered by the Company on a wholly discretionary basis (iii) participation in the Plan is voluntary and (iv) the Company and its Subsidiaries are not responsible for any decrease in the value of the Shares underlying the RSUs. 
 Finally, the Participant hereby declares that the Participant does not reserve any action or right to bring any claim against the Company for any compensation or damages as a result of participation in the Plan and therefore grants a full and broad release to the Employer and the Company and its Subsidiaries with respect to any claim that may arise under the Plan. 
 
 26 

Spanish Translation 
 Reconocimiento de la Ley Laboral 
 Esta disposici n complementa la Secci n 17 del Acuerdo. 
 Al aceptar el RSU,el Participante reconoce entiende y acuerda que (i) la RSU no se encuentra relacionada con el salario ni con otras prestaciones contractuales concedidas al Participante por del patr n y (ii) cualquier modificaci n del Plan o su terminaci n no constituye un cambio o detrimento en los t rminos y condiciones de empleo. 
 Declaraci n de Pol tica 
 La concesi n del RSU que la Compa a est haciendo bajo el Plan es unilateral y discrecional y, por lo tanto, la Compa a se reserva el derecho absoluto de modificar y discontinuar el mismo en cualquier momento, sin ninguna responsabilidad. 
 La Compa a, con oficinas registradas ubicadas en 200 S. Kraemer Blvd., Building E, Brea, California 92821, es la nica responsable por la administraci n del Plan. La participaci n en el Plan y la adquisici n de Acciones no establece de forma alguna, una relaci n de trabajo entre el Participante y la Compa a, ya que la participaci n en el Plan por parte del Participante es completamente comercial y el nico patr n es Subsidiaria que esta contratando al que tiene la RSU, en caso de ser aplicable, as como tampoco establece ning n derecho entre el que tiene la RSU y el patr n. 
 Reconocimiento del Plan de Documentos 
 Al participar en el Plan, el Participante reconoce que ha recibido copias del Plan y del Acuerdo, mismos que ha revisado en su totalidad y los entiende completamente y, que ha entendido y aceptado las disposiciones contenidas en el Plan y en el Acuerdo. 
 Adicionalmente, al participar en el Plan, el Participante reconoce que ha le do, y que aprueba espec fica y expresamente los t rminos y condiciones contenidos en la Secci n 17 del Acuerdo, en la cual se encuentra claramente descrito y establecido lo siguiente (i) la participaci n en el Plan no constituye un derecho adquirido (ii) el Plan y la participaci n en el mismo es ofrecida por la Compa a de forma enteramente discrecional (iii) la participaci n en el Plan es voluntaria y (iv) la Compa a, as como sus Subsidiarias no son responsables por cualquier detrimento en el valor de las Acciones en relaci n con la RSU. 
 Finalmente, el Participante declara que no se reserva ninguna acci n o derecho para interponer una demanda en contra de la Compa a por compensaci n, da o o perjuicio alguno como resultado de la participaci n en el Plan y en consecuencia, otorga el m s amplio finiquito a su patr n, as como a la Compa a, a sus Subsidiarias con respecto a cualquier demanda que pudiera originarse en virtud del Plan. 
 NETHERLANDS 
 None. 
 POLAND 
 Foreign Asset Account Reporting Information 
 Polish residents holding foreign securities (e.g., Shares) and or maintaining accounts abroad are obligated to file quarterly reports with the National Bank of Poland incorporating information on transactions and balances of the securities and cash deposited in such accounts if the value of such securities and cash (when combined with all other assets held abroad) exceeds PLN 7,000,000. 
 Exchange Control Notice 
 Polish residents are also required to transfer funds through a bank account in Poland if the transferred amount in any single transaction exceeds a specified threshold (currently EUR 15,000). Polish residents are required to store documents connected with foreign exchange transactions for a period of five years from the date the exchange transaction was made. 
 
 27 

PORTUGAL 
 Language Consent . 
 The Participant hereby expressly declares that the Participant has full knowledge of the English language and has read, understood and freely accepted and agreed with the terms and conditions established in the Plan and the Agreement. 
 Conhecimento da L ngua . 
 Pela presente, o Participante declara expressamente que tem pleno conhecimento da l ngua inglesa e que leu, compreendeu e livremente aceitou e concordou com os termos e condi es estabelecidas no Plano e no Acordo (Agreement em ingl s). 
 RUSSIA 
 Labor Law Acknowledgement 
 The Participant understands that if the Participant continues to hold the Shares acquired under the Plan after an involuntary termination of employment, the Participant will be ineligible to receive unemployment benefits in Russia. 
 U.S. Transaction 
 Any Shares issued upon vesting of the RSUs shall be delivered to the Participant through a brokerage account with the Stock Plan Administrator established in the United States. The Participant may hold the Shares in the Participant s brokerage account in the United States however, in no event will the Shares issued to the Participant and or share certificates or other instruments be delivered to the Participant in Russia. The Participant is not permitted to make any public advertising or announcements regarding the RSUs or Shares in Russia, or promote these Shares to other Russian legal entities or individuals, and the Participant is not permitted to sell Shares acquired upon vesting of the RSUs directly to other Russian legal entities or residents. The Participant is permitted to sell Shares only on the New York Stock Exchange and only through a United States broker. 
 Foreign Asset Account Reporting Information 
 The Participant is required to report the opening, closing or change of details of any foreign bank account to Russian tax authorities within one month of opening, closing or change of details of such account. The Participant is also required to report (i) the beginning and ending balances in such a foreign bank account each year, and (ii) transactions related to such a foreign account during the year to the Russian tax authorities, on or before June 1 of the following year. The tax authorities may require supporting documents related to transactions in such foreign bank accounts. The Participant should consult the Participant's personal tax advisor to determine and ensure compliance with the Participant's foreign asset account reporting obligations . As of January 1, 2020, the Participant also will be required to report the Participant's foreign brokerage accounts and foreign accounts with other financial institutions (financial market organizations). Certain specific exceptions from the reporting requirements may apply. 
 Anti-Corruption Legislation Information 
 Individuals holding public office in Russia, as well as their spouses and dependent children, may be prohibited from opening or maintaining a foreign brokerage or bank account and holding any securities, whether acquired directly or indirectly, in a foreign company (including the Shares acquired under the Plan). The Participant should consult with the Participant's personal legal advisor to determine whether this restriction applies to the Participant s circumstances. 
 28 

Data Privacy. This data privacy consent replaces Section 13 of the Agreement 
 1. Purposes for processing of the Personal Data 1. 
 1.1. Granting to the Participant restricted share units or rights to purchase shares of common stock. 1.1. (RSU) . 
 1.2. Compliance with the effective Russian Federation laws 
 1.2. 
 2. The Participant hereby grants consent to processing of the personal data listed below 2. 
 2.1. 
 Last name, first name, patronymic, year, month, date and place of birth, gender, age, address, citizenship, information on education, contact details (home address(es), direct office, home and mobile telephone numbers, e-mail address, etc.), photographs 2.1. , , , , , , , , , , , ) ), , , .), 
 2.2. 
 Information contained in personal identification documents (including passport details), tax identification number and number of the State Pension Insurance Certificate, including photocopies of passports, visas, work permits, drivers licenses, other personal documents 2.2. 
 , , , , , , , , , 
 2.3. 
 Information on employment, including the list of duties, information on the current and former employers, information on promotions, disciplinary sanctions, transfer to other position work, etc. 2.3. , , , , , , . . 
 2.4. 
 Information on the Participant s salary amount, information on salary changes, on participation in employer benefit plans and programs, on bonuses paid, etc. 
 2.4. 
 , , , , . . 
 2.5. 
 Information on work time, including hours scheduled for work per week and hours actually worked 2.5. 
 , 
 
 29 

2.6. 
 Information on potential membership of certain categories of employees having rights for guarantees and benefits in accordance with the Russian Federation Labor Code and other effective legislation 
 2.6. 
 , 
 2.7. 
 Information on the Participant s tax status (exempt, tax resident status, etc.) 
 2.7. 
 , . .) 
 2.8. Information on shares of Common Stock or directorships held by the Participant, details of all awards or any other entitlement to shares of Common Stock awarded, cancelled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding 
 2.8. , , , , , , . 
 2.9. 
 Any other information, which may become necessary to the Company in connection with the purposes specified in Clause 2 above. 
 2.9. 
 , , . 3 . 
 the Personal Data 
 
 3.1. The Participant hereby consents to performing the following operations with the Personal Data 3.1. 
 3.1.1. processing of the Personal Data, including collection, systematization, accumulation, storage, verification (renewal, modification), use, dissemination (including transfer), impersonalizing, blockage, destruction 
 3.1.1. 
 , , , , , , ), , ), , , 3.1.2. 
 transborder transfer of the Personal Data to perators located on the territory of foreign states. The Participant hereby confirms that he was notified of the fact that the recipients of the Personal Data may be located in foreign states that do not ensure adequate protection of rights of personal data subjects 
 3.1.2. 
 . , , , 
 30 

3.1.3. 
 including Personal Data into generally accessible sources of personal data (including directories, address books and other), placing Personal Data on the Company s web-sites on the Internet. 
 3.1.3. 
 , . .), . 3.2. General description of the data processing methods used by the Company 3.2. 
 3.2.1. When processing the Personal Data, the Company undertakes the necessary organizational and technical measures for protecting the Personal Data from unlawful or accidental access to them, from destruction, change, blockage, copying, dissemination of Personal Data, as well as from other unlawful actions. 
 3.2.1. , , , , , , . 3.2.2. 
 Processing of the Personal Data by the Company shall be performed using the data processing methods that ensure confidentiality of the Personal Data, except where (1) Personal Data is impersonalized and (2) in relation to publicly available Personal Data and in compliance with the established requirements to ensuring the security of personal data, the requirements to the tangible media of biometric personal data and to the technologies for storage of such data outside personal data information systems in accordance with the effective legislation. 3.2.2. 
 , , (1) (2) , . 4. Term, revocation procedure 
 4. , 
 This Statement of Consent is valid for an indefinite term. The Participant may revoke this consent by sending to Company a written notice at least ninety (90) days in advance of the proposed consent revocation date. The Participant agrees that during the specified notice period the Company is not obliged to cease processing of Personal Data or destroy the Personal Data of the Participant. . 90 . , ) ) . 
 Securities Law Notice 
 The Participant acknowledges that the Agreement, the grant of the RSUs, the Plan and all other materials the Participant may receive regarding participation in the Plan do not constitute advertising or an offering of securities in Russia, and the Participant's acceptance of the RSUs results in an agreement between the Company and the Participant that is completed in the United States and is governed by the laws of the State of Delaware. Shares to be issued under the Plan have not and will not be registered in Russia, nor will they be admitted for listing on any Russian exchange for trading within Russia. Thus, the Shares described in any Plan documents may not be offered or placed in public circulation in Russia. In no event 
 31 

will the Shares to be issued under the Plan be delivered to the Participant in Russia. All the Shares acquired under the Plan will be maintained on behalf of the Participant outside of Russia. The Participant will not be permitted to sell or otherwise transfer the Shares directly to a Russian legal entity or resident. 
 Exchange Control Notice 
 Under current exchange control regulations in Russia, the Participant is required to repatriate certain cash amounts received with respect to the RSUs (including proceeds from the sale of the Shares) to Russia as soon as the Participant intends to use those cash amounts for any purpose, including reinvestment. Such funds must initially be credited to the Participant through a foreign currency account at an authorized bank in Russia. After the funds are initially received in Russia, they may be further remitted to foreign banks in accordance with Russian exchange control laws. As an express statutory exception to the above-mentioned repatriation rule, cash dividends paid on the Shares can be paid directly to a foreign bank or brokerage account opened with a bank located in an OECD (Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development) or FATF (Financial Action Task Force) country. As of January 1, 2018, cash proceeds from the sale of the Shares listed on one of the foreign stock exchanges on the list provided for by the Russian Federal law On the Securities Market , can also be paid directly to a foreign bank or brokerage account opened with a bank located in an OECD or FATF country. Other statutory exceptions may apply, and the Participant should consult with the Participant's personal legal advisory in this regard. 
 SINGAPORE 
 Securities Law Notice 
 The grant of the RSUs is being made pursuant to the Qualifying Person exemption under section 273(1)(f) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289, 2006 Ed.) SFA and is not made to Participant with a view to the underlying Shares being subsequently offered for sale to any other party. The Plan has not been, and will not be, lodged or registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. The Participant should note that the RSUs are subject to section 257 of the SFA and the Participant should not make (i) any subsequent sale of the Shares in Singapore or (ii) any offer of such subsequent sale of the Shares subject to the RSUs in Singapore, unless such sale or offer is made after six (6) months from the Date of Grant or pursuant to the exemptions under Part XIII Division 1 Subdivision (4) (other than section 280) of the SFA. The Shares are currently traded on the New York Stock Exchange, which is located outside of Singapore, under the ticker symbol NVST and the Shares acquired under the Plan may be sold through this exchange. 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director Notification Requirement 
 If the Participant is the Chief Executive Officer (the CEO ), or a director, associate director, or shadow director if a Singapore Subsidiary of the Company, the Participant is subject to certain notification requirements under the Singapore Companies Act, regardless of whether the Participant is resident or employed in Singapore. Among these requirements is an obligation to notify the Singapore Subsidiary in writing when the Participant receives an interest (e.g., RSUs, Shares, etc.) in the Company or any related company. In addition, the Participant must notify the Singapore Subsidiary when the Participant sells the Shares of the Company or any related company (including when the Participant sells the Shares acquired under the Plan). These notifications must be made within two (2) business days of (i) its acquisition or disposal, (ii) any change in a previously-disclosed interest (e.g., upon vesting of the RSUs or when Shares acquired under the Plan are subsequently sold), or (iii) becoming the CEO or a director. 
 SPAIN 
 Nature of RSUs 
 The following provision supplements Section 17 of the Agreement 
 In accepting the grant of the RSUs, the Participant acknowledges that the Participant consents to participation in the Plan and has received a copy of the Plan. The Participant understands that the Company, in its sole discretion, has unilaterally and gratuitously decided to grant RSUs under the Plan to individuals who may be employees of the Company or its Subsidiaries throughout the world. The decision is a limited decision that is entered into upon the express assumption and condition that any RSUs will not economically or otherwise bind the Company or any of its Subsidiaries on an ongoing basis. Consequently, the Participant understands that the RSUs are granted on the assumption and condition that such RSUs and any Shares acquired upon vesting of the RSUs shall not become a part of any employment contract (either with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries) and shall not be considered 
 32 

a mandatory benefit, salary for any purposes (including severance compensation) or any other right whatsoever. 
 Further, as a condition of the grant of the RSUs, unless otherwise expressly provided for by the Company or set forth in the Agreement, the RSUs will be cancelled without entitlement to any Shares if the Participant terminates employment by reason of, including, but not limited to resignation, retirement, disciplinary dismissal adjudged to be with cause, disciplinary dismissal adjudged or recognized to be without cause i.e ., subject to a despido improcedente ), material modification of the terms of employment under Article 41 of the Workers Statute, relocation under Article 40 of the Workers Statute, Article 50 of the Workers Statute, or under Article 10.3 of Royal Decree 1382 1985. The Committee, in its sole discretion, shall determine the date when the Participant s employment has terminated for purposes of the RSUs. 
 The Participant understands that the grant of the RSUs would not be granted but for the assumptions and conditions referred to above thus, the Participant acknowledges and freely accepts that should any or all of the assumptions be mistaken or should any of the conditions not be met for any reason, then any grant of, or right to, the RSUs shall be null and void. 
 Securities Law Notice 
 No offer of securities to the public, as defined under Spanish law, has taken place or will take place in the Spanish territory in connection with the RSUs. The Plan, the Agreement (including this Addendum) and any other documents evidencing the grant of the RSUs have not, nor will they be, registered with the Comisi n Nacional del Mercado de Valores , and none of those documents constitutes a public offering prospectus. 
 Exchange Control Notice 
 The Participant must declare the acquisition of the Shares to the Direccio n General de Comercio e Inversiones (the DGCI of the Ministry of Economy, Industry and Competitiveness for statistical purposes. The Participant must also declare ownership of any Shares with the Directorate of Foreign Transactions each January while the Shares are owned. In addition, if the Participant wishes to import the ownership title of the Shares (i.e., share certificates) into Spain, the Participant must declare the importation of such securities to the DGCI. The sale of the Shares must also be declared to the DGCI by means of a form D-6 filed in January. The form D-6, generally, must be filed within one (1) month after the sale if the Participant owns more than 10 of the share capital of the Company or the Participant's investment exceeds 1,502,530. In addition, the Participant may be required to electronically declare to the Bank of Spain any foreign accounts (including brokerage accounts held abroad), any foreign instruments (including Shares acquired under the Plan), and any transactions with non-Spanish residents, depending on the balances in such accounts together with the value of such instruments as of December 31 of the relevant year, or the volume of transactions with non-Spanish residents during the relevant year. 
 Foreign Asset Account Reporting Information 
 To the extent the Participant holds rights or assets (e.g., cash or the Shares held in a bank or brokerage account) outside of Spain with a value in excess of 50,000 per type of right or asset as of December 31 each year (or at any time during the year in which the Participant sells or disposes of such right or asset), the Participant is required to report information on such rights and assets on the Participant's tax return for such year. After such rights or assets are initially reported, the reporting obligation will only apply for subsequent years if the value of any previously-reported rights or assets increases by more than 20,000 per type of right or asset as of each subsequent December 31, or if the Participant sells Shares or cancel bank accounts that were previously reported. Failure to comply with this reporting requirement may result in penalties to the Spanish residents. 
 In addition, the Participant may be required to electronically declare to the Bank of Spain any foreign accounts (including brokerage accounts held abroad), any foreign instruments (including Shares acquired under the Plan), and any transactions with non-Spanish residents (including any payments of Shares made pursuant to the Plan), depending on the balances in such accounts together with the value of such instruments as of December 31 of the relevant year, or the volume of transactions with non-Spanish residents during the relevant year. 
 Spanish residents should consult with their personal tax and legal advisors to ensure compliance with their personal reporting obligations. 
 33 

SWEDEN 
 None. 
 SWITZERLAND 
 Securities Law Notice 
 Neither this document nor any other materials relating to the RSUs (i) constitutes a prospectus according to articles 35 et seq. of the Swiss Federal Act on Financial Services FinSA ), (ii) may be publicly distributed nor otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland to any person other than an employee of the Company, or (iii) has been or will be filed with, approved or supervised by any Swiss reviewing body according to article 51 of FinSA or any Swiss regulatory authority, including the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority (FINMA). 
 
 34 

TAIWAN 
 Data Privacy 
 The Participant acknowledges that the Participant has read and understands the terms regarding collection, processing and transfer of personal data contained in Section 13 of the Agreement and agrees that, upon request of the Company or the Employer, the Participant will provide any executed data privacy consent form to the Employer or the Company (or any other agreements or consents that may be required by the Employer or the Company) that the Company and or the Employer may deem necessary to obtain under the data privacy laws in Participant s country, either now or in the future. The Participant understands the Participant will not be able to participate in the Plan if the Participant fails to execute any such consent or agreement. 
 Securities Law Notice 
 The offer of participation in the Plan is available only for employees of the Company and its Subsidiaries. The offer of participation in the Plan is not a public offer of securities by a Taiwanese company. 
 Exchange Control Notice 
 If the Participant is a resident of Taiwan, the Participant may acquire foreign currency, and remit the same out of or into Taiwan, up to US 5,000,000 per year without justification. If the transaction amount is TWD 500,000 or more in a single transaction, the Participant must submit a Foreign Exchange Transaction Form to the remitting bank. If the transaction amount is US 500,000 or more in a single transaction, the Participant may be required to provide additional supporting documentation to the satisfaction of the remitting bank. 
 THAILAND 
 Exchange Control Notice 
 Thai residents realizing US 50,000 or more in a single transaction from the sale of Shares or the payment of dividends are required to repatriate the funds to Thailand immediately following the receipt of the funds and to then either convert such repatriated funds into Thai Baht or deposit the funds into a foreign currency account opened with any commercial bank in Thailand within 360 days of repatriation. Any such commercial bank must be duly authorized by the Bank of Thailand to engage in the purchase, exchange and withdrawal of foreign currency. Further, for repatriated funds of US 50,000 or more, the Participant must specifically report the inward remittance by submitting the Foreign Exchange Transaction Form to an authorized agent, i.e., a commercial bank authorized by the Bank of Thailand to engage in the purchase, exchange and withdrawal of foreign currency. 
 If the Participant does not comply with this obligation, the Participant may be subject to penalties assessed by the Bank of Thailand. Because exchange control regulations change frequently and without notice, the Participant should consult a legal advisor before selling Shares to ensure compliance with current regulations. It is the Participant s responsibility to comply with exchange control laws in Thailand, and neither the Company nor any Parent or Subsidiary will be liable for any fines or penalties resulting from the Participant s failure to comply with applicable laws. 
 UNITED KINGDOM 
 Tax Obligations 
 The following provision supplements Section 7 of the Agreement 
 Without limitation to Section 7 of the Agreement, the Participant hereby agrees that the Participant is liable for all Tax Related-Items and hereby covenants to pay all such Tax Related-Items, as and when requested by the Company, or if different, the Employer, or by Her Majesty s Revenue & Customs HMRC (or any other tax authority or any other relevant authority). The Participant also hereby agrees to indemnify and keep indemnified the Company and, if different, the Employer, against any Tax Related-Items that they are required to pay or withhold, or have paid or will pay to HMRC (or any other tax authority or any other relevant authority) on the Participant s behalf. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Participant is a director or executive officer of the Company (within the meaning of Section 13(k) of the Exchange Act), the Participant may not be able to indemnify the Company or the Employer for the amount of any income tax not collected from or paid by the Participant, 
 35 

as it may be considered a loan. In this case, the amount of any uncollected amounts may constitute a benefit to the Participant on which additional income tax and National Insurance Contributions may be payable. The Participant will be responsible for reporting and paying any income tax due on this additional benefit directly to HMRC under the self-assessment regime and for paying the Company or the Employer for the value of any National Insurance Contributions due on this additional benefit, which the Company or the Employer may recover by any of the means referred to in Section 7 of the Agreement. 

36 

</EX-10.6>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 exhibit23112312022.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements 
 
 (1) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-233810) pertaining to the Envista Holdings Corporation 2019 Omnibus Incentive Plan, the Envista Holdings Corporation Deferred Compensation Plan, the Envista Holdings Corporation Savings Plan, and the Envista Holdings Corporation Unions Savings Plan, and 
 
 (2) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-262985) pertaining to the Envista Holdings Corporation Savings Plan and the Envista Holdings Corporation Deferred Compensation Plan 
 
 of our reports dated February 16, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements and schedule of Envista Holdings Corporation, and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Envista Holdings Corporation included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Envista Holdings Corporation for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 s Ernst & Young LLP 
 
 Irvine, California 
 February 16, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 exhibit31112312022.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 
 EXCHANGE ACT RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a), 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Amir Aghdaei, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Envista Holdings Corporation 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 16, 2023 s Amir Aghdaei Amir Aghdaei President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 exhibit31212312022.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 
 EXCHANGE ACT RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a), 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Howard H. Yu, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Envista Holdings Corporation 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 16, 2023 s Howard H. Yu Howard H. Yu Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 exhibit32112312022.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATIONS OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Amir Aghdaei, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Envista Holdings Corporation for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Envista Holdings Corporation as of and for the periods presented in the Report. Date February 16, 2023 s Amir Aghdaei Amir Aghdaei President and Chief Executive Officer I, Howard H. Yu, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Envista Holdings Corporation for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Envista Holdings Corporation as of and for the periods presented in the Report. Date February 16, 2023 s Howard H. Yu Howard H. Yu Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 nvst-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 nvst-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 nvst-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 nvst-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 nvst-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

