<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230217_10-K_edgar_data_1364250_0001364250-23-000009.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>16008374</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>295945</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2735563</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5822435</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3513264</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3363245</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001364250-23-000009.hdr.sgml : 20230217
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230217160955
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001364250-23-000009
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		110
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230217
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230217

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Douglas Emmett Inc
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001364250
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				203073047
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33106
		FILM NUMBER:		23642568

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1299 OCEAN AVENUE, SUITE 1000
		CITY:			SANTA MONICA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90401
		BUSINESS PHONE:		310-255-7700

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1299 OCEAN AVENUE, SUITE 1000
		CITY:			SANTA MONICA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90401

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001364250-23-000009.txt : 20230217

10-K
 1
 nysedei-20221231.htm
 10-K

nysedei-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from _____ to _____ 
 
 Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
 , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code) 
 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

The aggregate market value of the common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant, as of June 30, 2022, was billion. (This computation excludes the market value of all shares of Common Stock reported as beneficially owned by executive officers and directors of the registrant. Such exclusion shall not be deemed to constitute an admission that any such person is an affiliate of the Registrant.) 
 
 The registrant had shares of its common stock outstanding as of February 10, 2023. 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

DOUGLAS EMMETT, INC. 
 
 FORM 10-K 
 
 Table of Contents Page Glossary 
 2 
 Forward Looking Statements 
 5 
 PART I 
 Item 1 
 Business Overview 
 6 
 Item 1A 
 Risk Factors 
 13 
 Item 1B 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 31 
 Item 2 
 Properties 
 32 
 Item 3 
 Legal Proceedings 
 38 
 Item 4 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 38 
 PART II 
 Item 5 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 38 
 Item 6 
 [Reserved] 
 39 
 Item 7 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 40 
 Item 7A 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 55 
 Item 8 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 55 
 Item 9 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 55 
 Item 9A 
 Controls and Procedures 
 56 
 Item 9B 
 Other Information 
 56 
 Item 9C 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 56 
 PART III 
 Item 10 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 57 
 Item 11 
 Executive Compensation 
 57 
 Item 12 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 57 
 Item 13 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 57 
 Item 14 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 57 
 PART IV 
 Item 15 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedule 
 58 
 Item 16 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 60 
 Signatures 
 61 

1 

Glossary 
 
 Abbreviations used in this Report: 
 
 ADA Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 AOCI Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) ASC Accounting Standards Codification ASU Accounting Standards Update ATM At-the-Market BOMA Building Owners and Managers Association CEO Chief Executive Officer CFO Chief Financial Officer Code Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended COVID-19 Coronavirus Disease 2019 COO Chief Operating Officer DEI Douglas Emmett, Inc. EPA United States Environmental Protection Agency EPS Earnings Per Share Exchange Act Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended FASB Financial Accounting Standards Board FCA Financial Conduct Authority FDIC Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FFO Funds From Operations FIRPTA Foreign Investment in Real Property Tax Act of 1980, as amended Fund Unconsolidated Institutional Real Estate Fund GAAP Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (United States) IRS Internal Revenue Service IT Information Technology JV Joint Venture LIBOR London Interbank Offered Rate LTIP Units Long-Term Incentive Plan Units MGCL Maryland General Corporation Law NAREIT National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts NYSE New York Stock Exchange OCI Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) OP Units Operating Partnership Units Operating Partnership Douglas Emmett Properties, LP OFAC Office of Foreign Assets Control Partnership X Douglas Emmett Partnership X, LP PCAOB Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) QRS Qualified REIT subsidiary(ies) REIT Real Estate Investment Trust Report Annual Report on Form 10-K SEC Securities and Exchange Commission Securities Act Securities Act of 1933, as amended S P 500 Standard Poor's 500 Index SOFR Secured Overnight Financing Rate 
 2 

Table of Contents 

Abbreviations used in this Report (continued): TRS Taxable REIT Subsidiary(ies) US United States USD United States Dollar VIE Variable Interest Entity(ies) 

Defined terms used in this Report: 
 
 Annualized Rent Annualized cash base rent (excludes tenant reimbursements, parking and other revenue) before abatements under leases commenced as of the reporting date and expiring after the reporting date. Annualized Rent for our triple net office properties (in Honolulu and one single tenant building in Los Angeles) is calculated by adding expense reimbursements and estimates of normal building expenses paid by tenants to base rent. Annualized Rent does not include lost rent recovered from insurance and rent for building management use. Annualized Rent includes rent for our corporate headquarters in Santa Monica. We report Annualized Rent because it is a widely reported measure of the performance of equity REITs, and is used by some investors as a means to determine tenant demand and to compare our performance and value with other REITs. We use Annualized Rent to manage and monitor the performance of our office and multifamily portfolios. Consolidated Portfolio Includes all of the properties included in our consolidated results, including our consolidated JVs. Funds From Operations (FFO) We calculate FFO in accordance with the standards established by NAREIT by excluding gains (or losses) on sales of investments in real estate, gains (or losses) from changes in control of investments in real estate, real estate depreciation and amortization (other than amortization of right-of-use assets for which we are the lessee and amortization of deferred loan costs), and impairment write-downs of real estate from our net income (loss) (including adjusting for the effect of such items attributable to our consolidated JVs and our unconsolidated Fund, but not for noncontrolling interests included in our Operating Partnership). FFO is a non-GAAP supplemental financial measure that we report because we believe it is useful to our investors. See "Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in Item 7 of this Report for a discussion of FFO. Leased Rate The percentage leased as of the reporting date. Management space is considered leased. Space taken out of service during a repositioning or which is vacant as a result of a fire or other damage is excluded from both the numerator and denominator for calculating percentage leased. We report Leased Rate because it is a widely reported measure of the performance of equity REITs, and is also used by some investors as a means to determine tenant demand and to compare our performance with other REITs. We use Leased Rate to manage and monitor the performance of our office and multifamily portfolios. Net Operating Income (NOI) We calculate NOI as revenue less operating expenses attributable to the properties that we own and operate. NOI is calculated by excluding the following from our net income (loss): general and administrative expenses, depreciation and amortization expense, other income, other expenses, income from unconsolidated Fund, interest expense, gains (or losses) on sales of investments in real estate and net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests. NOI is a non-GAAP supplemental financial measure that we report because we believe it is useful to our investors. See "Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in Item 7 of this Report for a discussion of our Same Property NOI. Occupancy Rate We calculate Occupancy Rate by excluding signed leases not yet commenced from the Leased Rate. Management space is considered occupied. Space taken out of service during a repositioning or which is vacant as a result of a fire or other damage is excluded from both the numerator and denominator for calculating Occupancy Rate. We report Occupancy Rate because it is a widely reported measure of the performance of equity REITs, and is also used by some investors as a means to determine tenant demand and to compare our performance with other REITs. We use Occupancy Rate to manage and monitor the performance of our office and multifamily portfolios. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

Defined terms used in this Report (continued): 
 Recurring Capital Expenditures Building improvements required to maintain revenues once a property has been stabilized, and excludes capital expenditures for (i) acquired buildings being stabilized, (ii) newly developed space, (iii) upgrades to improve revenues or operating expenses or significantly change the use of the space, (iv) casualty damage and (v) bringing the property into compliance with governmental or lender requirements. We report Recurring Capital Expenditures because it is a widely reported measure of the performance of equity REITs, and is used by some investors as a means to determine our cash flow requirements and to compare our performance with other REITs. We use Recurring Capital Expenditures to manage and monitor the performance of our office and multifamily portfolios. 
 Rentable Square Feet Based on the BOMA remeasurement and consists of leased square feet (including square feet with respect to signed leases not commenced as of the reporting date), available square feet, building management use square feet and square feet of the BOMA adjustment on leased space. We report Rentable Square Feet because it is a widely reported measure of the performance and value of equity REITs, and is also used by some investors to compare our performance and value with other REITs. We use Rentable Square Feet to manage and monitor the performance of our office portfolio. Rental Rate We present two forms of Rental Rates - Cash Rental Rates and Straight-Line Rental Rates. Cash Rental Rate is calculated by dividing the rent paid by the Rentable Square Feet. Straight-Line Rental Rate is calculated by dividing the average rent over the lease term by the Rentable Square Feet. Same Properties Our consolidated properties that have been owned and operated by us in a consistent manner, and reported in our consolidated results during the entire span of both periods being compared. We exclude from our same property subset any properties that during the comparable periods were (i) acquired, (ii) sold, held for sale, contributed or otherwise removed from our consolidated financial statements, (iii) that underwent a major repositioning project or were impacted by development activity, or suffered significant casualty loss that we believed significantly affected the properties' operating results. We also exclude rent received from ground leases. Short-Term Leases Represents leases that expired on or before the reporting date or had a term of less than one year, including hold over tenancies, month to month leases and other short-term occupancies. 
 Total Portfolio Includes our Consolidated Portfolio plus the properties owned by our Fund. 
 
 4 

Table of Contents 

Forward Looking Statements 
 
 This Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. You can find many (but not all) of these statements by looking for words such as believe , expect , anticipate , estimate , approximate , intend , plan , would , could , may , future or other similar expressions in this Report. We claim the protection of the safe harbor contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. We caution investors that any forward-looking statements used in this Report, or those that we make orally or in writing from time to time, are based on our beliefs and assumptions, as well as information currently available to us. Actual outcomes will be affected by known and unknown risks, trends, uncertainties and factors beyond our control or ability to predict. Although we believe that our assumptions are reasonable, they are not guarantees of future performance and some will inevitably prove to be incorrect. As a result, our future results can be expected to differ from our expectations, and those differences may be material. Accordingly, investors should use caution when relying on previously reported forward-looking statements, which were based on results and trends at the time they were made, to anticipate future results or trends. Some of the risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from those expressed or implied by forward-looking statements include the following: 
 adverse developments related to the COVID-19 pandemic; 
 adverse economic or real estate developments affecting Southern California or Honolulu, Hawaii; 
 competition from other real estate investors in our markets; 
 decreasing rental rates or increasing tenant incentive and vacancy rates; 
 defaults on, early terminations of, or non-renewal of leases by tenants; 
 increases in interest rates; 
 increases in operating costs, including due to inflation; 
 insufficient cash flows to service our outstanding debt or pay rent on ground leases; 
 difficulties in raising capital; 
 inability to liquidate real estate or other investments quickly; 
 adverse changes to rent control laws and regulations; 
 environmental uncertainties; 
 natural disasters; 
 fire and other property damage; 
 insufficient insurance, or increases in insurance costs; 
 inability to successfully expand into new markets and submarkets; 
 difficulties in identifying properties to acquire and failure to complete acquisitions successfully; 
 failure to successfully operate acquired properties; 
 risks associated with property development; 
 risks associated with JVs; 
 conflicts of interest with our officers and reliance on key personnel; 
 changes in zoning and other land use laws; 
 adverse results of litigation or governmental proceedings; 
 failure to comply with laws, regulations and covenants that are applicable to our business; 
 possible terrorist attacks or wars; 
 possible cyber attacks or intrusions; 
 adverse changes to accounting rules; 
 weaknesses in our internal controls over financial reporting; 
 failure to maintain our REIT status under federal tax laws; and 
 adverse changes to tax laws, including those related to property taxes. 
 
 For further discussion of these and other risk factors see Item 1A. "Risk Factors in this Report. This Report and all subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or any person acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to in this section. We do not undertake any obligation to release publicly any revisions to our forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this Report. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

PART I 

Item 1. Business 
 
 Overview 
 
 Douglas Emmett, Inc. is a fully integrated, self-administered and self-managed REIT. We are one of the largest owners and operators of high-quality office and multifamily properties located in premier coastal submarkets in Los Angeles and Honolulu. Through our interest in our Operating Partnership and its subsidiaries, our consolidated JVs, and our unconsolidated Fund, we focus on owning, acquiring, developing and managing a substantial market share of top-tier office properties and premier multifamily communities in neighborhoods with significant supply constraints, high-end executive housing and key lifestyle amenities. Our properties are located in the Beverly Hills, Brentwood, Burbank, Century City, Olympic Corridor, Santa Monica, Sherman Oaks/Encino, Warner Center/Woodland Hills and Westwood submarkets of Los Angeles County, California, and in Honolulu, Hawaii. We intend to increase our market share in our existing submarkets and may enter into other submarkets with similar characteristics where we believe we can gain significant market share. The terms "us," "we" and "our" as used in this Report refer to Douglas Emmett, Inc. and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, we owned a Consolidated Portfolio consisting of (i) a 17.7 million square foot office portfolio, (ii) 5,013 multifamily apartment units and (iii) fee interests in two parcels of land from which we receive rent under ground leases. We also manage and own equity interests in our unconsolidated Fund which, at December 31, 2022, owned an additional 0.4 million square feet of office space. We manage our unconsolidated Fund alongside our Consolidated Portfolio, and we therefore present the statistics for our office portfolio on a Total Portfolio basis. For more information, see Item 2 Properties of this Report. As of December 31, 2022, our portfolio consisted of the following (including ancillary retail space and excluding two parcels of land from which we receive rent under ground leases): 
 
 Consolidated Portfolio Total Portfolio Office Wholly-owned properties 53 53 Consolidated JV properties 16 16 Unconsolidated Fund properties 2 Total 69 71 Multifamily Wholly-owned properties 12 12 Consolidated JV properties 2 2 Total 14 14 Total 83 85 

Business Strategy 
 
 We employ a focused business strategy that we have developed and implemented over the past four decades: 
 Concentration of High Quality Office and Multifamily Properties in Premier Submarkets. 
 First we select submarkets that are supply constrained, with high barriers to entry, key lifestyle amenities, proximity to high-end executive housing and a strong, diverse economic base. Virtually no entitled Class A office space is currently under construction in our targeted submarkets. Our submarkets are dominated by small, affluent tenants, whose rents are very small relative to their revenues and often not the paramount factor in their leasing decisions. At December 31, 2022, our office portfolio median size tenant was approximately 2,500 square feet. Our office tenants operate in diverse industries, including among others legal, financial services, entertainment, real estate, accounting and consulting, health services, retail, technology and insurance, reducing our dependence on any one industry. In 2020, 2021 and 2022, no tenant accounted for more than 10 of our total revenues. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

Disciplined Strategy of Acquiring Substantial Market Share In Each Submarket. 
 Once we select a submarket, we follow a disciplined strategy of gaining substantial market share to provide us with extensive local transactional market information, pricing power in lease and vendor negotiations and an enhanced ability to identify and negotiate investment opportunities. As a result, we average approximately a 37 share of the Class A office space in our submarkets based on the square feet of exposure in our total portfolio to each submarket. See "Office Portfolio Summary" in Item 2 Properties of this Report. 
 Proactive Asset and Property Management. 
 Our fully integrated and focused operating platform provides the unsurpassed tenant service demanded in our submarkets, with in-house leasing, proactive asset and property management and internal design and construction services, which we believe provides us with a competitive advantage in managing our property portfolio. Our in-house leasing agents and legal specialists allow us to lease a large property portfolio with a diverse group of smaller tenants, closing an average of approximately four office leases each business day, and our in-house construction company allows us to compress the time required for building out many smaller spaces, resulting in reduced vacancy periods. Our property management group oversees day-to-day property management of both our office and multifamily portfolios, allowing us to benefit from the operational efficiencies permitted by our submarket concentration. 
 
 Corporate Structure 
 
 Douglas Emmett, Inc. was formed as a Maryland corporation on June 28, 2005 to continue and expand the operations of Douglas Emmett Realty Advisors and its 9 institutional funds. All of our assets are directly or indirectly held by our Operating Partnership, which was formed as a Delaware limited partnership on July 25, 2005. As the sole stockholder of the general partner of our Operating Partnership, we generally have the exclusive power under the partnership agreement to manage and conduct the business of our Operating Partnership, subject to certain limited approval and voting rights of the other limited partners. Our interest in our Operating Partnership entitles us to share in the profits and losses and cash distributions in proportion to our percentage ownership. 
 
 JVs and Fund 
 
 At December 31, 2022, in addition to fifty-three office properties and twelve residential properties wholly-owned by our Operating Partnership, we manage and own equity interests in: 
 four consolidated JVs, through which we and institutional investors own sixteen office properties in our core markets totaling 4.2 million square feet and two residential properties with 470 apartments, and in which we own a weighted average of 46 at December 31, 2022 based on square footage. We are entitled to (i) distributions based on invested capital as well as additional distributions based on cash net operating income, (ii) fees for property management and other services and (iii) reimbursement of certain acquisition-related expenses and certain other costs. 
 one unconsolidated Fund through which we and institutional investors own two office properties in our core markets totaling 0.4 million square feet and in which we own 34 at December 31, 2022. We are entitled to (i) priority distributions, (ii) distributions based on invested capital, (iii) a carried interest if the investors distributions exceed a hurdle rate, (iv) fees for property management and other services and (v) reimbursement of certain costs. 
 
 The financial data in this Report presents our JVs on a consolidated basis and our Fund on an unconsolidated basis in accordance with GAAP. See "Basis of Presentation" in Note 1 to our consolidated financial statements in Item 15 of this Report for more information regarding the consolidation of our JVs. Most of the property data in this Report is presented for our Total Portfolio, which includes the properties owned by our JVs and our Fund, as we believe this presentation assists in understanding our business. See Note 3 to our consolidated financial statements in Item 15 of this Report for more information regarding our JV transactions. 
 
 Segments 
 
 We operate two business segments, our office segment and our multifamily segment. Our segments include the acquisition, development, ownership and management of office and multifamily real estate. The services for our office segment include primarily the rental of office space and other tenant services, including parking and storage space rental. The services for our multifamily segment include primarily the rental of apartments and other tenant services, including parking and storage space rental. See Note 15 to our consolidated financial statements in Item 15 of this Report for more information regarding our segments. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

Taxation 
 
 We believe that we qualify, and we intend to continue to qualify, for taxation as a REIT under the Code, although we cannot provide assurance that this has happened or will happen. See Item 1A "Risk Factors" of this Report for the risks we face regarding taxation as a REIT. The following summary is qualified in its entirety by the applicable Code provisions and related rules, and administrative and judicial interpretations. If we qualify for taxation as a REIT, we will generally not be required to pay federal corporate income taxes on the portion of our net income that is currently distributed to stockholders. This treatment substantially eliminates the double taxation (i.e., at the corporate and stockholder levels) that generally results from investment in a corporation. However, we will be required to pay federal income tax under certain circumstances. 
 
 The Code defines a REIT as a corporation, trust or association (i) which is managed by one or more trustees or directors; (ii) the beneficial ownership of which is evidenced by transferable shares or certificates of beneficial interest; (iii) which would be taxable but for Sections 856 through 860 of the Code as a domestic corporation; (iv) which is neither a financial institution nor an insurance company subject to certain provisions of the Code; (v) the beneficial ownership of which is held by 100 or more persons; (vi) of which, during the last half of each taxable year, not more than 50 in value of the outstanding stock is owned, actually or constructively, by five or fewer individuals; and (vii) which meets certain other tests, described below, regarding the amount of its distributions and the nature of its income and assets. The Code requires that conditions (i) to (iv) be met during the entire taxable year and that condition (v) be met during at least 335 days of a taxable year of 12 months, or during a proportionate part of a taxable year of less than 12 months. 
 
 There are two gross income requirements we must satisfy: 
 i. at least 75 of our gross income (excluding gross income from prohibited transactions as defined below and qualifying hedges) for each taxable year must be derived directly or indirectly from investments relating to real property or mortgages on real property or from certain types of temporary investment income, and 
 ii. at least 95 of our gross income (excluding gross income from prohibited transactions and qualifying hedges) for each taxable year must be derived from income that qualifies under the 75 test or from other dividends, interest or gain from the sale or other disposition of stock or securities. In general, a prohibited transaction is a sale or other disposition of property (other than foreclosure property) held primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business. 
 
 We must satisfy five asset tests at the close of each quarter of our taxable year: 
 i. at least 75 of the value of our total assets must be represented by real estate assets including shares of stock of other REITs, debt instruments of publicly offered REITs, certain other stock or debt instruments purchased with the proceeds of a stock offering or long-term public debt offering by us (but only for the one-year period after such offering), cash, cash items and government securities, 
 ii. not more than 25 of our total assets may be represented by securities other than those in the 75 asset class, 
 iii. of the assets included in the 25 asset class, the value of any one issuer s securities owned by us may not exceed 5 of the value of our total assets and we may not own more than 10 of the vote or value of the securities of any one issuer, in each case other than securities included under the 75 asset test above and interests in TRS or QRS, each as defined below, and in the case of the 10 value test, subject to certain other exceptions, 
 iv. not more than 20 of the value of our total assets may be represented by securities of one or more TRS, and 
 v. not more than 25 of the value of our total assets may be represented by nonqualified publicly offered REIT debt instruments. 
 
 In order to qualify as a REIT, we are required to distribute dividends (other than capital gains dividends) to our stockholders equal to at least (A) the sum of (i) 90 of our REIT taxable income (computed without regard to the dividends paid deduction and our net capital gain) and (ii) 90 of the net income, if any (after tax), from foreclosure property, less (B) the sum of certain items of non-cash income. The distributions must be paid in the taxable year to which they relate, or in the following taxable year if declared before we timely file our tax return for such year, if paid on or before the first regular dividend payment date after such declaration and if we so elect and specify the dollar amount in our tax return. To the extent that we do not distribute all of our net long-term capital gains or distribute at least 90 , but less than 100 , of our REIT taxable income, we will be required to pay tax thereon at the regular corporate tax rate. Furthermore, if we fail to distribute during each calendar year the sum of at least (i) 85 of our ordinary income for such year, (ii) 95 of our capital gains income for such year, and (iii) any undistributed taxable income from prior periods, we would be required to pay a 4 excise tax on the excess of such required distributions over the amounts actually distributed. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

We own interests in various partnerships and limited liability companies. In the case of a REIT that is a partner in a partnership or a member of a limited liability company that is treated as a partnership under the Code, Treasury Regulations provide that for purposes of the REIT income and asset tests, the REIT will be deemed to own its proportionate share of the assets of the partnership or limited liability company (determined in accordance with its capital interest in the entity), subject to special rules related to the 10 asset test, and will be deemed to be entitled to the income of the partnership or limited liability company attributable to such share. 
 
 We own an interest in a subsidiary that is intended to be treated as a QRS. The Code provides that a QRS will be ignored for federal income tax purposes and all assets, liabilities and items of income, deduction and credit of the QRS will be treated as our assets, liabilities and items of income. We hold certain of our properties through subsidiaries that have elected to be taxed as REITs. We also wholly own an interest in a corporation which has elected to be treated as a TRS. A REIT may own more than 10 of the voting stock and value of the securities of a corporation that jointly elects with the REIT to be a TRS, provided certain requirements are met. A TRS generally may engage in any business, including the provision of customary or non-customary services to tenants of its parent REIT and of others, except a TRS may not manage or operate a hotel or healthcare facility. A TRS is treated as a regular corporation and is subject to federal income tax and applicable state income and franchise taxes at regular corporate rates. In addition, a 100 tax may be imposed on a REIT if its rental, service or other agreements with its TRS, or the TRS agreements with the REIT s tenants, are not on arm s-length terms. 
 
 We may be required to pay state or local tax in various state or local jurisdictions, including those in which we own properties or otherwise transact business or reside. The state and local tax treatment of us and our stockholders may not conform to the federal income tax consequences discussed above. We may also be subject to certain taxes applicable to REITs, including taxes in lieu of disqualification as a REIT, on undistributed income, and on income from prohibited transactions. 
 
 In addition, if we acquire any asset from a corporation that is or has been a C corporation in a transaction in which our tax basis in the asset is less than the fair market value of the asset, in each case determined as of the date on which we acquired the asset, and we subsequently recognize gain on the disposition of the asset during the five-year period beginning on the date on which we acquired the asset, then we generally will be required to pay tax at the highest regular corporate tax rate on this gain to the extent of the excess of (i) the fair market value of the asset over (ii) our adjusted tax basis in the asset, in each case determined as of the date on which we acquired the asset. 
 
 Insurance 
 
 We carry comprehensive liability, fire, extended coverage, business interruption and rental loss insurance covering all of the properties in our portfolio under blanket insurance policies. We believe the policy specifications and insured limits are appropriate and adequate given the relative risk of loss and the cost of the coverage and industry practice. See Item 1A Risk Factors of this Report for the risks we face regarding insurance. 
 
 Competition 
 
 We compete with a number of developers, owners and operators of office and multifamily real estate, many of which own properties similar to ours in the same markets in which our properties are located. See Item 2 of this Report for more information about our properties. See Item 1A Risk Factors of this Report for the risks we face regarding competition. 
 
 Regulation 
 
 Our properties are subject to various covenants, laws, ordinances and regulations, including regulations relating to common areas, fire and safety requirements, various environmental laws, the ADA, eviction moratoriums related to COVID-19, and rent control laws. See Item 1A Risk Factors of this Report for the risks we face regarding laws and regulations. 
 
 9 

Table of Contents 

Environmental Sustainability 
 
 Our approach 
 
 We actively manage our operations in an environmentally sustainable manner. On an annual basis, our board of directors assesses material climate-related risks by assigning numeric values based on both the likelihood of occurrence and the potential impact, with mitigation approaches considered and evaluated. Throughout the year, our Corporate Sustainability Committee, led by the Chairman of our board of directors and our COO, oversees our policies and operational controls for environmental, health, safety and social risks, and monitors our progress and results. Every month, our Director of Engineering Services and our six Regional Engineers meet to monitor and implement the policies set by our Corporate Sustainability Committee. Our Regional Engineers hold monthly meetings with each Building Engineer in their respective regions to review specific building operating issues and opportunities for improvement. We also use external resources to provide critical expertise, tools and resources for our sustainability program. 
 
 We engage with our stakeholders to align sustainability efforts and improve the efficiency and health of our business and communities. We share our sustainability goals and standards with our tenants, vendors and suppliers and work closely with them to gather information, develop solutions, and implement technologies and programs to achieve our goals. In our communities, we seek input from other stakeholders and participate in local Business Improvement Districts. We have integrated sustainability into our property management practices, tenant improvement build-outs and meetings with existing and prospective tenants. 
 
 Our sustainability program covers four key areas: 
 
 Energy Usage 
 
 Our actual energy consumption from year to year is impacted by many factors, such as weather, occupancy in our buildings and activities of our tenants. Many of these factors are beyond our control. However, we can and do seek to make our buildings more energy efficient. 
 
 Some of our initiatives to reduce our consumption include items such as real time energy monitoring software, LED lighting retrofitting, and new energy management systems. As a result of our efforts, 89 of our stabilized eligible office space as of December 31, 2021 qualified for "ENERGY STAR Certification" by the EPA as having energy efficiency in the top 25 of buildings nationwide (our 2022 ENERGY STAR scores were not yet available as of the date of this Report). 
 
 Our energy and electricity are provided by utility providers through the grid (LA Department of Water and Power, Southern California Edison, and Hawaii Electric Company). We estimate the percentage of renewable energy provided by our utility providers was approximately one-third in 2020 (the most recent available data). 
 
 Water Usage 
 
 We have undertaken a number of initiatives to conserve water across our portfolio. Our buildings use low flow faucets and toilets, and we have also saved water by using waterless urinals. Where permitted, we try to recycle used water (by law, we cannot recycle most of the water used in our buildings since it must be fit for human consumption). In a few of our buildings where groundwater naturally seeps into our subterranean parking garages, we treat the water before pumping it back into the ground. 
 
 Controlling Waste, including hazardous waste and recycling 
 
 Recycling: In partnership with our vendors and tenants, we have implemented business waste and e-waste recycling programs (we do not generate any production waste or packaging waste) at our properties. 
 
 Non-Hazardous Waste: Our routine operations only generate modest amounts of ancillary waste, primarily from typical operations in an office setting. A major source of our waste is the debris generated by refurbishment of our buildings, particularly in recurring tenant improvements that can be generated when a new tenant moves into a building. To minimize that waste, we attempt to construct tenant improvements that will be usable by future tenants, and to fit tenants into existing spaces without substantial refurbishment. 
 
 10 

Table of Contents 

Hazardous Waste: Our operations only generate modest ancillary amounts of hazardous waste (mostly office supplies), which we dispose of in accordance with all applicable waste regulations. Similarly, our tenants are almost entirely limited by their leases to general office uses that prohibit the use of additional hazardous wastes and are required by their leases to comply with all applicable waste regulations. 
 
 Air Emissions, including transportation 
 
 Although our operations do not create significant air emissions such as nitrogen oxides (NOx), sulfur oxides (Sox), volatile organic compounds (VOCs) or particulate matter (PM), our Los Angeles properties produce a small amount of emissions from stationary sources such as natural gas boilers. We have been working to reduce those emissions by upgrading to lower emission models. We expect to reduce the indirect air emissions from our utility suppliers by reducing our per square foot electricity usage. 
 
 We also encourage sustainable transportation choices by our tenants: We have installed over 200 electric vehicle charging stations at our properties and have plans to add additional stations. All of our buildings provide ample bicycle parking. 
 
 Development 
 
 Ground up development is a small but growing part of our business. So far, all our development projects have been adding additional density in existing office or apartment community sites we already owned. We are committed to selecting development sites that are not in environmentally protected areas or areas of high biodiversity, and strive to use brownfield sites instead of greenfield sites. 
 
 Community Impact 
 
 We have a long history of providing meaningful, and often transformational, support to the communities in which we operate. We also provide charitable support to key industry and professional organizations, often in the form of event sponsorships. 
 
 Part of our business strategy is owning very large concentrations of office buildings and residential communities in our target submarkets. Our large ownership share in many of these neighborhoods put us in a unique position to sometimes invest in outdoor enhancement projects that not only improve our properties but also provide a valuable amenity to the surrounding community. For example, at our recently completed residential development project in Brentwood we invested significant additional capital to build a one acre park on Wilshire Boulevard that is available to the public, providing urban green space as well as a valuable amenity to the surrounding properties and community. 
 
 Human Capital 
 
 Central to our long-term strategy is attracting, developing and retaining the best talent with the right skills to drive our success. Our ability to maintain our competitive position is largely dependent upon the skill and effort of our executive officers and key personnel, who have significant real estate industry experience, strong industry reputations and networks, and assist us in identifying acquisition, disposition, development and borrowing opportunities, negotiating with tenants and sellers of properties, and managing our development projects and the operations of our properties. As of December 31, 2022, we employed approximately 750 people. 
 
 We promote a culture of openness, respect and trust and bring a sense of teamwork and inclusion to all we do. We recognize that having a range of experiences, backgrounds and perspectives allows us to find new ways of doing things. We make sure to walk the talk in fostering a workplace culture that encourages and empowers all our employees to have a voice and fulfill their potential. We have programs that actively promote our culture, such as our Daily Exchange program, which provides employees with daily training regarding our vision statement and core values, and our quarterly employee recognition program, the Jane Joyce Award. 
 
 We value and advance the diversity and inclusion of the people with whom we work. We are committed to equal opportunity in workplaces that are free from discrimination or harassment on the basis of race, sex, color, ancestry, citizenship, marital status, family status, national or social origin, ethnicity, religion, age, disability, sexual orientation, gender identification or expression, medical condition, genetic information, military or veteran status, political opinion or any other status protected by applicable law. Recruitment, hiring, placement, development, training, compensation and advancement may not be based on any of these factors, but should instead be based on factors such as qualifications, performance, skills and experience. 
 
 11 

Table of Contents 

We know that the first step in hiring and retaining the best talent is to create safe and inspiring workplaces where people feel valued. We offer competitive compensation and benefits to all regular full-time employees, including but not limited to paid holiday, vacation, and sick time, retirement savings plans and medical, dental, and vision coverage. We also offer a very generous equity compensation program that empowers our employees to act and feel like owners, not just employees. In 2022, we provided equity compensation to approximately half of our approximately 750 employees. 
 
 The health and safety of our employees, tenants, and vendors is of the utmost importance to us. We adhere to leading health and safety standards across our portfolio, and each year, we require all our employees to complete safety training. We have a wellness program that is designed to raise health awareness among our employees. Some of the program's activities include biometric screenings, flu shots, healthy snacks and employee walking challenges. The program provides many benefits including higher employee satisfaction, reduced healthcare costs, and improved employee performance. 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic had a significant impact on our human capital management during 2020, 2021 and 2022. We are deemed an essential business and we moved quickly to institute safety protocols and procedures to keep our properties open and to protect our tenants and employees who continued to work on site and at our headquarters. These measures included enhanced cleaning/sanitization practices, maximizing fresh air ventilation, and upgrading air filter efficiencies. These ventilation and filtration measures will have longer-term beneficial impacts on our indoor air quality well past the pandemic. We also implemented employee training and workforce guidelines for preventing the spread of COVID-19 at our properties. 
 
 Principal Executive Offices 
 
 Our principal executive offices are located in the building we own at 1299 Ocean Avenue, Suite 1000, Santa Monica, California 90401 (telephone 310-255-7700). 
 
 Available Information 
 
 We make available on our website at www.douglasemmett.com our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and all amendments thereto, free of charge, as soon as reasonably practicable after we file such reports with, or furnish them to, the SEC. See "Our Company - Investors - SEC Filings" on our website. Also available on our website, free of charge, are our governance documents, which includes our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, and the charters of our board of directors and its committees. See "Our Company - Investors - Management" on our website. None of the information on or hyperlinked from our website is incorporated into this Report. For more information, please contact: 
 
 Stuart McElhinney 
 Vice President, Investor Relations 
 310-255-7751 
 smcelhinney@douglasemmett.com 

12 

Table of Contents 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 The following risk factors are what we believe to be the most significant risk factors that could adversely affect our business and operations, including, without limitation, our financial condition, REIT status, results of operations and cash flows, our ability to service our debt and pay dividends to our stockholders, our ability to capitalize on business opportunities as they arise, our ability to raise capital, and the market price of our common stock. This is not an exhaustive list, and additional risk factors could adversely affect our business and financial performance. We operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment and new risk factors emerge from time to time. It is therefore not possible for us to predict all such risk factors, nor can we assess the impact of all such risk factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. This discussion of risk factors includes many forward-looking statements. For cautions about relying on forward-looking statements see Forward Looking Statements at the beginning of this Report. 
 
 Below is a summary of our risk factors: 
 Risks Related to Our Properties and Our Business 
 The COVID-19 global pandemic has and could continue to adversely affect our business, financial position, results of operations, cash flows, our ability to service our debt, our ability to pay dividends to our stockholders, our REIT status, our ability to capitalize on business opportunities as they arise, our ability to raise capital, and/or the market price of our common stock. 
 Persistent higher inflation could adversely impact our operating results, cash flows, financial position, our ability to pay dividends and distributions, and the market price of our common stock. 
 All of our properties are located in Los Angeles County, California, and Honolulu, Hawaii, and we are therefore exposed to greater risk than if we owned a more geographically diverse portfolio. Our properties in Los Angeles County are concentrated in certain submarkets, exposing us to risks associated with those specific areas. 
 Our operating performance is subject to risks associated with the real estate industry. 
 We have a substantial amount of debt, which exposes us to interest rate fluctuation risk and the risk of not being able to refinance our debt, which in turn could expose us to the risk of default under our debt obligations. 
 The rents we receive from new leases may be less than our asking rents, and we may experience rent roll-down from time to time. 
 In order to successfully compete against other properties, we need to maintain, repair, and renovate our properties, which reduces our cash flows. 
 We face intense competition, which could adversely impact the occupancy and rental rates of our properties. 
 Potential losses, including from adverse weather conditions, natural disasters and title claims, may not be covered by insurance. 
 We may be unable to renew leases or lease vacant space. 
 Our business strategy for our office portfolio focuses on leasing to smaller-sized tenants which may present greater credit risks. 
 Real estate investments are generally illiquid. 
 We may incur significant costs to comply with laws, regulations and covenants. 
 Because we own real property, we are subject to extensive environmental regulations, which create uncertainty regarding future environmental expenditures and liabilities. 
 Our properties may contain or develop harmful mold or suffer from other air quality issues, which could lead to liability for adverse health effects and costs of remediation. 
 Rent control or rent stabilization legislation and other regulatory restrictions may limit our ability to increase rents and pass through new or increased operating costs to our tenants. 
 We may be unable to complete acquisitions that would grow our business, or successfully integrate and operate acquired properties. 
 We may be unable to successfully expand our operations into new markets and submarkets. 
 We are exposed to risks associated with property development. 
 We are exposed to certain risks when we enter into JVs or issue securities of our subsidiaries, including our Operating Partnership. 
 If we default on the ground lease to which one of our properties is subject, our business could be adversely affected. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

We may not have sufficient cash available for distribution to stockholders at expected levels in the future. 
 We face risks associated with contractual counterparties being designated Prohibited Persons by the Office of Foreign Assets Control. 
 Terrorism and war could harm our business and operating results. 
 Risks Related to Our Organization and Structure 
 Tax consequences to holders of OP Units upon a sale or refinancing of our properties may cause the interests of our executive officers to differ from the interests of our stockholders. 
 Our executive officers have significant influence over our affairs. 
 Under their employment agreements, certain of our executive officers will receive severance if they are terminated without cause or resign for good reason. 
 The loss of any of our executive officers or key senior personnel could significantly harm our business. 
 Compensation awards to our management may not be tied to or correspond with improved financial results or the market price of our common stock. 
 Our board of directors may change significant corporate policies without stockholder approval. 
 Our growth depends on external sources of capital which are outside of our control. 
 We face risks associated with short-term liquid investments. 
 Our charter, the partnership agreement of our Operating Partnership, and Maryland law contain provisions that may delay or prevent a change of control transaction. 
 Our fiduciary duties as the sole stockholder of the general partner of our Operating Partnership could create conflicts of interest. 
 Risks Related to Taxes and Our Status as a REIT 
 Our property taxes could increase due to property tax rate changes, reassessments or changes in property tax laws, which would adversely impact our cash flows. 
 Failure to qualify as a REIT would result in higher taxes and reduced cash available for distributions. 
 If the Operating Partnership, or any of its subsidiaries, were treated as a regular corporation for federal income tax purposes, we could cease to qualify as a REIT. 
 Even if we qualify as a REIT, we will be required to pay some taxes which would reduce cash available for distributions. 
 REIT distribution requirements could adversely affect our liquidity and cause us to forego otherwise attractive opportunities. 
 REIT stockholders can receive taxable income without cash distributions. 
 If a transaction intended to qualify as a Section 1031 Exchange is later determined to be taxable or if we are unable to identify and complete the acquisition of a suitable replacement property to effect a Section 1031 Exchange, we may face adverse consequences, and if the laws applicable to such transactions are amended or repealed, we may not be able to dispose of properties on a tax deferred basis . 
 Legislative or other actions affecting REITs could have a negative effect on our investors or us, including our ability to maintain our qualification as a REIT or the federal income tax consequences of such qualification. 
 Non-U.S. investors may be subject to FIRPTA, which would impose tax on certain distributions and on the sale of common stock if we are unable to qualify as a domestically controlled REIT or if our stock is not considered to be regularly traded on an established securities market. 
 General Risks 
 Security breaches through cyber attacks, cyber intrusions or otherwise, as well as other significant disruptions of our IT networks and related systems could harm our business. 
 Litigation could have an adverse effect on our business. 
 If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results. 
 New accounting pronouncements could adversely affect our operating results or the reported financial performance of our tenants. 
 
 14 

Table of Contents 

Risks Related to Our Properties and Our Business 
 
 The COVID-19 global pandemic has and could continue to adversely affect our business, financial position, results of operations, cash flows, our ability to service our debt, our ability to pay dividends to our stockholders, our REIT status, our ability to capitalize on business opportunities as they arise, our ability to raise capital, and/or the market price of our common stock. 
 
 The COVID-19 global pandemic has led to severe disruption to general economic activities as governments and businesses take actions to mitigate the public health crisis. The extent to which the pandemic ultimately impacts our business will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including, but not limited to, the duration and spread of each variant, its severity, the actions taken to contain the virus, the emergence and impact of future virus variants, and how quickly and to what extent normal economic and operating conditions resume. Even as the pandemic subsides, we may continue to experience significant impacts to our business as a result of its global economic impact, including any resulting economic recession. 
 Not all of the impacts of the pandemic are known at this time, however, some of the potential impacts from the pandemic could include: 
 Government actions, including but not limited to lease enforcement moratoriums, that reduce or otherwise hinder our ability to collect rent promptly or at all, adversely affect tenant demand, increase our costs or otherwise reduce our collections; 
 Supply chain, governmental or other disruptions that adversely affect construction or our operations and/or those of our tenants; 
 Economic pressure on our tenants, which could lead to lower collections or defaults; 
 Reduced or different tenant demand, leading to lower occupancy and/or rental rates in our buildings; 
 Reduced attendance in our buildings, resulting in lower parking revenues; 
 Increases in expenses and/or capital investments or decreases in tenant demand as a result of safety concerns; 
 Increased risks of IT disruptions and/or cyber attacks as a result of our employees or tenants working remotely; 
 Disruption of our operations as a result of the illness or social distancing of our employees or tenants; 
 Impact on the labor market, which could lead to higher employee turnover and increased labor costs; 
 Changes in the financial markets, the value of our properties and/or our cash flows which adversely affect our stock price and/or our tenants' access to needed debt or equity capital on reasonable or any terms; and/or 
 Increases in the cost or availability, or changes to the terms, of insurance. 
 
 Persistent higher inflation could adversely impact our operating results, cash flows, financial position, our ability to pay dividends and distributions, and the market price of our common stock. 
 
 Some of the potential adverse impacts of higher inflation on our business could include: 
 an increase in our rental operating costs and our general and administrative costs; 
 we may be unable to increase rental rates at the same rate as inflation; 
 if we are able to increase rental rates at the same rate as inflation, it could reduce tenant demand for our properties; 
 we may be unable to recover higher rental operating costs from our office tenants; 
 higher operating costs billed to our office tenants could reduce tenant demand for our office properties; 
 higher inflation is usually accompanied by higher interest rates, which could: (i) increase our borrowing costs, (ii) adversely impact our property valuations, and (iii) cause an economic recession which would adversely affect our business; 
 an increase in recurring capital expenditures to maintain our properties; 
 an increase in construction costs, which would increase the cost of development and respositioning projects; 
 reduced cash flows would adversely impact our ability to pay dividends and distributions. 
 
 15 

Table of Contents 

All of our properties are located in Los Angeles County, California, and Honolulu, Hawaii, and we are therefore exposed to greater risk than if we owned a more geographically diverse portfolio. Our properties in Los Angeles County are concentrated in certain submarkets, exposing us to risks associated with those specific areas. 
 
 Because of the geographic concentration of our properties, we are susceptible to adverse economic and regulatory developments, as well as natural disasters, in the markets and submarkets where we operate, including, for example, economic slowdowns, industry slowdowns, business downsizing, business relocations, increases in real estate and other taxes, changes in regulation, earthquakes, floods, droughts and wildfires. California is also regarded as being more litigious, regulated and taxed than many other states. 
 
 Our operating performance is subject to risks associated with the real estate industry. 
 
 Real estate investments are subject to various risks, fluctuations and cycles in value and demand, many of which are beyond our control. These events include, but are not limited to: 
 adverse changes in international, national or local economic conditions; 
 inability to rent space on favorable terms, including possible market pressures to offer tenants rent abatements, tenant improvements, early termination rights or below-market renewal options; 
 adverse changes in financial conditions of actual or potential investors, buyers, sellers or tenants; 
 inability to collect rent from tenants; 
 competition from other real estate investors, including other real estate operating companies, publicly-traded REITs and institutional investment funds; 
 reduced tenant demand for office space and residential units from matters such as: (i) trends in space utilization, (ii) changes in the relative popularity of our properties, (iii) the type of space we lease, (iv) purchasing versus leasing, (v) increasing crime or homelessness in our submarkets or (vi) economic recessions; 
 reduced demand for parking space due to matters such as: (i) reduced attendance in our buildings, (ii) the impact of technology such as self-driving cars, or (iii) the increasing popularity of car ride sharing services; 
 increases in the supply of office space and residential units; 
 fluctuations in interest rates and the availability of credit, which could adversely affect our ability to obtain financing on favorable terms or at all; 
 increases in operating costs (or our reduced ability to recover operating costs from our tenants), including: (i) insurance costs, (ii) labor costs (such as the unionization of our employees or the employees of any parties with whom we contract for services to our buildings), (iii) energy prices, (iv) real estate assessments and other taxes, and (v) costs of compliance with laws, regulations and governmental policies; 
 utility disruptions; 
 the effects of rent controls, stabilization laws and other laws or covenants regulating rental rates; 
 changes in, and changes in enforcement of, laws, regulations and governmental policies, including, without limitation, health, safety, environmental, zoning and tax laws, governmental fiscal policies and the ADA; 
 legislative uncertainty related to federal and state spending and tax policy; 
 difficulty in operating properties effectively; 
 acquiring undesirable properties; and 
 inability to dispose of properties at appropriate times or at favorable prices. 
 
 We have a substantial amount of debt, which exposes us to interest rate fluctuation risk and the risk of not being able to refinance our debt, which in turn could expose us to the risk of default under our debt obligations. 
 
 We have a substantial amount of debt and we may incur significant additional debt for various purposes, including, without limitation, to fund future property acquisitions and development activities, reposition properties and to fund our operations. See Note 8 to our consolidated financial statements in Item 15 of this Report for more detail regarding our consolidated debt. See "Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements" in Item 7 of this Report for more detail regarding our unconsolidated debt. 
 
 16 

Table of Contents 

Our substantial indebtedness, and the limitations and other constraints imposed on us by our debt agreements, especially during economic downturns when credit is harder to obtain, could adversely affect us, including the following: 
 
 periods of rising and high interest rates would adversely affect: (i) our results of operations, (ii) our ability to pay dividends and distributions, (iii) the market price of our common stock, and (iv) our ability to borrow or to borrow on favorable terms; 
 our cash flows may be insufficient to meet our required principal and interest payments; 
 servicing our borrowings may leave us with insufficient cash to operate our properties or to pay the distributions necessary to maintain our REIT qualification; 
 we may be unable to borrow additional funds as needed or on favorable terms, which could, among other things, adversely affect our ability to capitalize upon acquisition opportunities; 
 we may be unable to refinance our indebtedness at maturity or the refinancing terms may be less favorable than the terms of our existing indebtedness; 
 we may be forced to dispose of one or more of our properties, possibly on disadvantageous terms; 
 we may violate any restrictive covenants in our loan documents, which could entitle the lenders to accelerate our debt obligations; 
 we may be unable to hedge floating rate debt, counterparties may fail to honor their obligations under our hedge agreements, the hedge agreements may not effectively hedge the interest rate fluctuation risk, and, upon the expiration of any hedge agreements we do have, we will be exposed to the then-existing market rates of interest and future interest rate volatility with respect to debt that is currently hedged; we could also be declared in default on our hedge agreements if we default on the underlying debt that we are hedging; 
 we may default on our obligations and the lenders or mortgagees may foreclose on our properties that secure their loans and receive an assignment of rents and leases; 
 our default under any of our indebtedness with cross default provisions could result in a default on other indebtedness; 
 any foreclosure on our properties could also create taxable income without accompanying cash proceeds, which could adversely affect our ability to meet the REIT distribution requirements imposed by the Code; and 
 most of our floating rate debt and related hedges are indexed to USD-LIBOR, any regulatory changes which impact the USD-LIBOR benchmark, such as the transition to SOFR (see Item 7A - "Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk" in this Report) or other indexes, could impact our borrowing costs or the effectiveness of our hedges. 
 
 The rents we receive from new leases may be less than our asking rents, and we may experience rent roll-down from time to time. 
 
 As a result of various factors, such as competitive pricing pressure in our submarkets, adverse conditions in the Los Angeles County or Honolulu real estate market, general economic downturns, or the desirability of our properties compared to other properties in our submarkets, the rents we receive on new leases could be less than our in-place rents. 
 
 In order to successfully compete against other properties, we need to maintain, repair, and renovate our properties, which reduces our cash flows. 
 
 If our properties are not as attractive to current and prospective tenants in terms of rent, services, condition, or location as properties owned by our competitors, we could lose tenants or suffer lower rental rates. As a result, we may from time to time be required to incur significant capital expenditures to maintain the competitiveness of our properties. There can be no assurances that any such expenditures would result in higher occupancy or rental rates, or deter existing tenants from relocating to properties owned by our competitors. 
 
 17 

Table of Contents 

We face intense competition, which could adversely impact the occupancy and rental rates of our properties. 
 
 We compete with a number of developers, owners and operators of office and multifamily real estate, many of which own properties similar to ours in the same markets in which our properties are located. If our competitors offer space at rental rates below current market rates, or below the rental rates that we currently charge our tenants, or if they offer tenants significant rent or other concessions, we may lose existing or potential tenants and may not be able to replace them, and we may be pressured to reduce our rental rates below those we currently charge or offer more substantial rent abatements, tenant improvements, early termination rights or below-market renewal options in order to retain tenants when our tenants leases expire. 
 
 Potential losses, including from adverse weather conditions, natural disasters and title claims, may not be covered by insurance. 
 
 Our business operations in Los Angeles County, California and Honolulu, Hawaii are susceptible to, and could be significantly affected by, adverse weather conditions and natural disasters such as earthquakes, tsunamis, hurricanes, volcanoes, drought, wind, floods, landslides and fires. The likelihood of such disasters may be increased as a result of climate change, and climate change could also have other impacts such as rising sea levels, which could impact our properties in Honolulu. 
 
 Adverse weather conditions, natural disasters and climate change impacts could cause significant damage to our properties or to the economies of the regions in which they are located, the risk of which is enhanced by the concentration of our properties locations. Our insurance coverage may not be adequate to cover business interruption or losses resulting from adverse weather or natural disasters. In addition, our insurance policies include substantial self-insurance portions and significant deductibles and co-payments for such events, and we are subject to the availability of insurance in the US and the pricing thereof. As a result, we may incur significant costs in the event of adverse weather conditions and natural disasters. 
 
 Most of our properties are located in Southern California, an area subject to an increased risk of earthquakes. While we presently carry earthquake insurance on our properties, the amount of our earthquake insurance coverage may not be sufficient to fully cover losses from earthquakes. We may reduce or discontinue earthquake or any other insurance coverage on some or all of our properties in the future if the cost of premiums for any of these policies in our judgment exceeds the value of the coverage discounted for the risk of loss. 
 
 We do not carry insurance for certain losses, such as losses caused by certain environmental conditions, asbestos, riots or war. In addition, our title insurance policies generally only insure the value of a property at the time of purchase, and we have not and do not intend to increase our title insurance coverage as the market value of our portfolio increases. As a result, we may not have sufficient coverage against all losses that we may experience, including from adverse title claims. 
 
 If we experience a loss that is uninsured or which exceeds policy limits, we could incur significant costs and lose the capital invested in the damaged properties as well as the anticipated future cash flows from those properties. If the damaged properties are encumbered, we may continue to be liable for the indebtedness, even if these properties were irreparably damaged. 
 
 If any of our properties were destroyed or damaged, then we might not be permitted to rebuild many of those properties to their existing height or size at their existing location under current zoning and land use regulations. In the event that we experience a substantial or comprehensive loss of one of our properties, we may not be able to rebuild such property to its existing specifications and otherwise may have to upgrade such property to meet current code requirements. 
 
 New regulations in the submarkets in which we operate could require us to make safety improvements to our buildings, for example requiring us to retrofit our buildings to better withstand earthquakes, and we could incur significant costs complying with those regulations. 
 
 18 

Table of Contents 

We may be unable to renew leases or lease vacant space. 
 
 We may be unable to renew our tenants' leases, in which case we must find new tenants. To attract new tenants or retain existing tenants, particularly in periods of recession, we may have to accept rental rates below our existing rental rates or offer substantial rent abatements, tenant improvements, early termination rights or below-market renewal options. Accordingly, portions of our office and multifamily properties may remain vacant for extended periods of time. In addition, some existing leases currently provide tenants with options to renew the terms of their leases at rates that are below the current market rates or to terminate their leases prior to the expiration date thereof. We actively pursue opportunities for what we believe to be well-located and high quality buildings that may be in a transitional phase due to current or impending vacancies. We cannot assure that any such vacancies will be filled following a property acquisition, or that new tenant leases will be executed at or above market rates. As of December 31, 2022, 12.9 of the square footage in our total office portfolio was available for lease and 13.8 was scheduled to expire in 2023. As of December 31, 2022, 0.6 of the units in our multifamily portfolio were available for lease, and substantially all of the leases in our multifamily portfolio must be renewed within the next year. For more information see Item 2 Properties of this Report. 
 
 Our business strategy for our office portfolio focuses on leasing to smaller-sized tenants which may present greater credit risks. 
 
 Our business strategy for our office portfolio focuses on leasing to smaller-sized tenants, which may present greater credit risks because they are more susceptible to economic downturns than larger tenants, and may be more likely to cancel or not renew their leases. 
 
 Real estate investments are generally illiquid. 
 
 Our real estate investments are relatively difficult to sell quickly. Return of capital and realization of gains, if any, from an investment will generally occur upon disposition or refinancing of the underlying property. We may not be able to realize our investment objectives by sale or be able to refinance at attractive prices within any given period of time. We may also not be able to complete any exit strategy. Any number of factors could increase these risks, such as (i) weak market conditions, (ii) the lack of an established market for a property, (iii) changes in the financial condition or prospects of prospective buyers, (iv) changes in local, national or international economic conditions, and (v) changes in laws, regulations or fiscal policies. Furthermore, certain properties may be adversely affected by contractual rights, such as rights of first offer or ground leases. 
 
 We may incur significant costs to comply with laws, regulations and covenants. 
 
 The properties in our portfolio are subject to various covenants, federal, state and local laws, ordinances, regulatory requirements, including permitting and licensing requirements, various environmental laws, the ADA and rent control laws. Such laws and regulations, including municipal or local ordinances, zoning restrictions and restrictive covenants imposed by community developers may restrict our use of our properties and may require us to obtain approval from local officials or community standards organizations at any time with respect to our properties, including prior to acquiring a property or when undertaking renovations of any of our existing properties. Among other things, these restrictions may relate to fire and safety, seismic, asbestos abatement or hazardous material cleanup requirements. There can be no assurance that existing laws and regulations will not adversely affect us or the timing or cost of any future acquisitions, developments or renovations, or that additional regulations that increase such delays or result in additional costs will not be adopted. Under the ADA, our properties must meet federal requirements related to access and use by disabled persons to the extent that such properties are public accommodations . The costs of our on-going efforts to comply with these laws and regulations are substantial. Moreover, as we have not conducted a comprehensive audit or investigation of all of our properties to determine our compliance with applicable laws and regulations, we may be liable for investigation and remediation costs, penalties, and/or damages, which could be substantial and could adversely affect our ability to sell or rent our property or to borrow using such property as collateral. 
 
 19 

Table of Contents 

Because we own real property, we are subject to extensive environmental regulations, which create uncertainty regarding future environmental expenditures and liabilities. 
 
 Environmental laws regulate, and impose liability for, releases of hazardous or toxic substances into the environment. Under various provisions of these laws, a current or former owner or operator of real estate may be liable for costs related to soil or groundwater contamination on, in, or migrating to or from its property. Persons who arrange for the disposal or treatment of hazardous or toxic substances may be liable for the costs of cleaning up contamination at the disposal site. Such laws often impose liability regardless of whether the person knew of, or was responsible for, the presence of the hazardous or toxic substances that caused the contamination. In addition, some laws may create a lien on a contaminated site in favor of the government for damages and costs it incurs in connection with the contamination. The presence of, or contamination resulting from, any of these substances, or the failure to properly remediate them, may adversely affect our ability to sell or rent our property or to borrow using the property as collateral. Persons exposed to hazardous or toxic substances at our properties may sue for personal injury damages, for example, some laws impose liability for release of or exposure to asbestos-containing materials, a substance known to be present in a number of our buildings. In other cases, some of our properties have been (or may have been) impacted by contamination from past operations or from off-site sources. As a result, in connection with our current or former ownership, operation, management and development of real properties, we may be potentially liable for investigation and cleanup costs, penalties, and damages under environmental laws. 
 
 Although most of our properties have been subjected to preliminary environmental assessments, known as Phase I assessments, by independent environmental consultants in order to identify potential environmental concerns, Phase I assessments are limited in scope, and may not identify all potential environmental liabilities or risks associated with the property. For example, a prior owner or operator of a property or historical operations at or near our properties may have created a material environmental condition that is not known to us or the independent consultants preparing the Phase I assessments. Unless required by applicable laws or regulations, we may not further investigate, remedy or ameliorate the environmental conditions identified in the Phase I assessments. We cannot assure that these or other environmental studies identified all potential environmental liabilities, or that we will not incur material environmental liabilities in the future. If we do incur material environmental liabilities in the future, we may face significant remediation costs and may find it difficult to sell any affected properties. See Note 17 to our consolidated financial statements in Item 15 of this Report for more detail regarding our buildings that contain asbestos. 
 
 In addition, we may incur costs to comply with federal, state and local legislation and regulations that are implemented to mitigate the effects of climate change. The costs of complying with evolving regulatory requirements could negatively impact our results of operations. 
 
 Our properties may contain or develop harmful mold or suffer from other air quality issues, which could lead to liability for adverse health effects and costs of remediation. 
 
 Moisture may accumulate in buildings or on building materials, and mold growth may occur, particularly if the moisture problem remains undiscovered or is not addressed over a period of time. Some molds may produce airborne toxins or irritants. Indoor air quality issues can also stem from inadequate ventilation, chemical contamination from indoor or outdoor sources, and other biological contaminants such as pollen, viruses and bacteria. Indoor exposure to airborne toxins or irritants above certain levels can be alleged to cause a variety of adverse health effects and symptoms, including allergic or other reactions. As a result, the presence of significant mold or other airborne contaminants at any of our properties could require us to undertake a costly remediation program to contain or remove the mold or other airborne contaminants from the affected property or increase indoor ventilation. In addition, the presence of significant mold or other airborne contaminants could expose us to liability from our tenants, employees of our tenants or others if property damage or personal injury is alleged to have occurred. 
 
 20 

Table of Contents 

Rent control or rent stabilization legislation and other regulatory restrictions may limit our ability to increase rents and pass through new or increased operating costs to our tenants. 
 
 We presently expect to continue operating and acquiring properties in areas that have adopted laws and regulations imposing restrictions on the timing or amount of rent increases or have imposed regulations relating to low- and moderate-income housing. 
 
 California and various municipalities within Southern California, including the cities of Los Angeles and Santa Monica where our properties are located, have enacted rent control legislation. All of our multifamily properties in Los Angeles County are affected by these laws and regulations. Under current California law we are able to increase rents to market rates once a tenant vacates a rent-controlled unit; however, increases in rental rates for renewing tenants are limited by California, Los Angeles and Santa Monica rent control regulations. 
 
 Hawaii does not have state mandated rent control, however portions of the Honolulu multifamily market are subject to low- and moderate-income housing regulations. We have agreed to rent specified percentages of the units at some of our Honolulu multifamily properties to persons with income below specified levels in exchange for certain tax benefits. 
 
 These laws and regulations can (i) limit our ability to charge market rents, increase rents, evict tenants or recover increases in our operating expenses, (ii) negatively impact our ability to attract higher-paying tenants, (iii) require us to incur costs for reporting and compliance, and (iv) make it more difficult for us to dispose of properties in certain circumstances. Any failure to comply with these regulations could result in fines, penalties and/or the loss of certain tax benefits and the forfeiture of rents. 
 
 We may be unable to complete acquisitions that would grow our business, or successfully integrate and operate acquired properties. 
 
 Our planned growth strategy includes the disciplined acquisition of properties as opportunities arise. Our ability to acquire properties on favorable terms and to successfully integrate and operate them is subject to significant risks, including the following: 
 we may be unable to acquire desired properties because of competition from other real estate investors, including other real estate operating companies, publicly-traded REITs and investment funds; 
 competition from other potential acquirers may significantly increase the purchase price of a desired property; 
 we may acquire properties that are not accretive to our results upon acquisition or we may not successfully manage and lease them up to meet our expectations; 
 we may be unable to generate sufficient cash from operations, or obtain the necessary debt or equity financing to consummate an acquisition or, if obtained, the financing may not be on favorable terms; 
 cash flows from the acquired properties may be insufficient to service the related debt financing; 
 we may need to spend more than we budgeted to make necessary improvements or renovations to acquired properties; 
 we may spend significant time and money on potential acquisitions that we do not close; 
 the process of acquiring or pursuing the acquisition of a property may divert the attention of our senior management team from our existing business operations; 
 we may be unable to quickly and efficiently integrate new acquisitions, particularly acquisitions of portfolios of properties, into our existing operations; 
 occupancy and rental rates of acquired properties may be less than expected; and 
 we may acquire properties without recourse, or with limited recourse, for liabilities, whether known or unknown, such as clean-up of environmental contamination, claims by tenants, vendors or other persons against the former owners of the properties and claims for indemnification by general partners, directors, officers and others indemnified by the former owners of the properties. 
 
 21 

Table of Contents 

We may be unable to successfully expand our operations into new markets and submarkets. 
 
 If the opportunity arises, we may explore acquisitions of properties in new markets. The risks applicable to our ability to acquire, integrate and operate properties in our current markets are also applicable to our ability to acquire, integrate and operate properties in new markets. In addition to these risks, we will not possess the same level of familiarity with the dynamics and market conditions of any new markets that we may enter, which could adversely affect our ability to expand into those markets. We may be unable to build a significant market share or achieve a desired return on our investments in new markets. 
 
 We are exposed to risks associated with property development. 
 
 We engage in development and redevelopment activities with respect to certain of our properties. To the extent that we do so, we are subject to certain risks, including the following: 
 We may not complete a development or redevelopment project on schedule or within budgeted amounts (as a result of risks beyond our control, such as weather, labor conditions, permitting issues, material shortages and price increases); 
 We may be unable to lease the developed or redeveloped properties at budgeted rental rates or lease up the property within budgeted time frames; 
 We may devote time and expend funds on development or redevelopment of properties that we may not complete; 
 We may encounter delays or refusals in obtaining all necessary zoning, land use, and other required entitlements, and building, occupancy and other required governmental permits and authorizations, and our costs to comply with the conditions imposed by such permits and authorizations could increase; 
 We may encounter delays, refusals and unforeseen cost increases resulting from third-party litigation or objections; and 
 We may fail to obtain the financial results expected from properties we develop or redevelop; 
 
 We are exposed to certain risks when we enter into JVs or issue securities of our subsidiaries, including our Operating Partnership. 
 
 We have and may in the future develop or acquire properties with, or raise capital from, third parties through partnerships, JVs or other entities, or through acquiring or disposing of non-controlling interests in, or sharing responsibility for managing the affairs of, a property, partnership, JV or other entity. This may subject us to risks that may not be present with other methods of ownership, including for example the following: 
 We may not be able to exercise sole decision-making authority regarding the properties, partnership, JV or other entity, which would allow for impasses on decisions that could restrict our ability to sell or transfer our interests in such entity or such entity s ability to transfer or sell its assets; 
 Partners or co-venturers may default on their obligations including those related to capital contributions, debt financing or interest rate swaps, which could delay acquisition, construction or development of a property or increase our financial commitment to the partnership or JV; 
 Conflicts of interests with our partners or co-venturers as result of matters such as different needs for liquidity, assessments of the market or tax objectives; ownership of competing interests in other properties; and other business interests, policies or objectives that are competitive or inconsistent with ours; 
 If any such jointly owned or managed entity takes or expects to take actions that could jeopardize our status as a REIT or require us to pay tax, we may suffer significantly, including having to dispose of our interest in such entity (if that is possible) or even losing our status as a REIT; 
 Our assumptions regarding the tax impact of any structure or transaction could prove to be incorrect, and we could be exposed to significant taxable income, property tax reassessments or other liabilities, including any liability to third parties that we may assume as part of such transaction or otherwise; 
 Disputes between us and partners or co-venturers may result in litigation or arbitration that would increase our expenses, affect our ability to develop or operate a property and/or prevent our officers and/or directors from focusing their time and effort on our business; 
 We may, in certain circumstances, be liable for the actions of our third-party partners or co-venturers; and 
 22 

Table of Contents 

We may not be able to raise capital as needed from institutional investors or sovereign wealth funds, or on terms that are favorable. 
 
 If we default on the ground lease to which one of our properties is subject, our business could be adversely affected. 
 
 Some of our properties may be subject to a ground lease. If we default under the terms of such a lease, we may be liable for damages and could lose our ownership interest in the property. 
 
 We may not have sufficient cash available for distribution to stockholders at expected levels in the future. 
 
 Our distributions could exceed our cash generated from operations. If necessary, we may fund the difference from our existing cash balances or additional borrowings. If our available cash were to decline significantly below our taxable income, we could lose our REIT status unless we could borrow to make such distributions or make any required distributions in common stock. 
 
 We face risks associated with contractual counterparties being designated Prohibited Persons by the Office of Foreign Assets Control. 
 
 The OFAC of the US Department of the Treasury maintains a list of persons designated as terrorists or who are otherwise blocked or banned Prohibited Persons ). The OFAC regulations and other laws prohibit conducting business or engaging in transactions with Prohibited Persons. Some of our agreements require us and the other party to comply with the OFAC requirements. If a party with whom we contract is placed on the OFAC list we may be required by the OFAC regulations to terminate the agreement, which could result in a losses or a damage claim by the other party that the termination was wrongful. 
 
 Terrorism and war could harm our business and operating results. 
 
 The possibility of future terrorist attacks or war could have a negative impact on our operations, even if they are not directed at our properties and even if they never actually occur. Terrorist attacks can also substantially affect the availability and price of insurance coverage for certain types of damages or occurrences, and our insurance policies for terrorism include large deductibles and co-payments. The lack of sufficient insurance for these types of acts could expose us to significant losses. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Organization and Structure 
 
 Tax consequences to holders of OP Units upon a sale or refinancing of our properties may cause the interests of our executive officers to differ from the interests of our stockholders. 
 
 Some of our properties were contributed to us in exchange for units of our Operating Partnership. As a result of the unrealized built-in gain attributable to such properties at the time of their contribution, some holders of OP Units, including our executive officers, may suffer different and more adverse tax consequences than holders of our common stock upon the sale or refinancing of the properties owned by our Operating Partnership, including disproportionately greater allocations of items of taxable income and gain upon a realization event. As a result, those holders may have different objectives regarding the appropriate pricing, timing and other material terms of any sale or refinancing of certain properties, or whether to sell or refinance such properties at all. 
 
 Our executive officers have significant influence over our affairs. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, our executive officers owned 4 of our outstanding common stock, but they would own 16 if all of their outstanding LTIPs and OP Units were converted into common stock. As a result, our executive officers, to the extent that they vote their shares in a similar manner, will have significant influence over our affairs and could exercise such influence in a manner that is not in the best interests of our other stockholders, including by attempting to delay, defer or prevent a change of control transaction that might otherwise be in the best interests of our stockholders. 
 
 23 

Table of Contents 

Under their employment agreements, certain of our executive officers will receive severance if they are terminated without cause or resign for good reason. 
 
 We have employment agreements with Jordan L. Kaplan, Kenneth M. Panzer and Kevin A. Crummy, which provide each executive with severance if they are terminated without cause or resign for good reason (including following a change of control), based on two or three times (depending on the officer) his annual total of salary, bonus and incentive compensation such as LTIP Units, options or outperformance grants. In addition, these executive officers would not be restricted from competing with us after their departure. 
 
 The loss of any of our executive officers or key senior personnel could significantly harm our business. 
 
 Our ability to maintain our competitive position is largely dependent upon the skill and effort of our executive officers and key personnel, who have significant real estate industry experience, strong industry reputations and networks, and assist us in identifying acquisition, disposition, development and borrowing opportunities, negotiating with tenants and sellers of properties, and managing our development projects and the operations of our properties. If we lose the services of any of our executive officers or key senior personnel our business could be adversely affected. 
 
 Compensation awards to our management may not be tied to or correspond with improved financial results or the market price of our common stock. 
 
 The compensation committee of our board of directors is responsible for overseeing our compensation and incentive compensation plans. Our compensation committee has significant discretion in structuring compensation packages and may make compensation decisions based on any number of factors. Compensation awards may not be tied to or correspond with improved financial results or the market price of our common stock. See Note 13 to our consolidated financial statements in Item 15 of this Report for more information regarding our stock-based compensation. 
 
 Our board of directors may change significant corporate policies without stockholder approval. 
 
 Our investment, financing, borrowing, dividend, operating and other policies are determined by our board of directors. These policies may be amended or revised at any time and from time to time at the discretion of our board of directors without a vote of our stockholders. Our board of directors may change our policies with respect to conflicts of interest provided that such changes are consistent with applicable legal requirements. 
 
 Our growth depends on external sources of capital which are outside of our control. 
 
 In order to qualify as a REIT, we are required under the Code to distribute annually at least 90 of our REIT taxable income", determined without regard to the dividends paid deduction and by excluding any net capital gain. To the extent that we do not distribute all of our net long-term capital gains or at least 90 of our REIT taxable income, we will be required to pay tax thereon at the regular corporate tax rate. Because of these distribution requirements, we may not be able to fund future capital needs from our operating cash flows, including acquisitions, development and debt refinancing. Consequently, we expect to rely on third-party sources to fund some of our capital needs and we may not be able to obtain financing on favorable terms or at all. Any additional borrowings will increase our leverage, and any additional equity that we issue will dilute our common stock. Our access to third-party sources of capital depends on many factors, some of which include: 
 general market conditions; 
 the market s perception of our growth potential; 
 our current debt levels; 
 our current and expected future earnings; 
 our cash flows and cash dividends; and 
 the market price per share of our common stock. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

We face risks associated with short-term liquid investments. 
 
 From time to time, we have significant cash balances that we invest in a variety of short-term money market fund investments that are intended to preserve principal value and maintain a high degree of liquidity while providing current income. These investments are not insured against loss of principal and there is no guarantee that our investments in these funds will be redeemable at par value. If we cannot liquidate our investments or redeem them at par we could incur losses and experience liquidity issues. 
 
 Our charter, the partnership agreement of our Operating Partnership, and Maryland law contain provisions that may delay or prevent a change of control transaction. 
 
 (i) Our charter contains a five percent ownership limit. 
 
 Our charter, subject to certain exceptions, contains restrictions on ownership that limit, and authorizes our directors to take such actions as are necessary and desirable to limit, any person to actual or constructive ownership of not more than five percent of the value or number, whichever is more restrictive, of the outstanding shares of our common stock. Our board of directors, in its sole discretion, may exempt a proposed transferee from the ownership limit. The ownership limit contained in our charter may delay or prevent a transaction or a change of control that might involve a premium price for our common stock or otherwise be in the best interest of our stockholders. 
 
 (ii) Our board of directors may create and issue a class or series of preferred stock without stockholder approval. 
 
 Our board of directors is empowered under our charter to amend our charter to increase or decrease the aggregate number of shares of our common stock or the number of shares of stock of any class or series that we have authority to issue, to designate and issue from time to time one or more classes or series of preferred stock and to classify or reclassify any unissued shares of our common stock or preferred stock without stockholder approval. Our board of directors may determine the relative rights, preferences and privileges of any class or series of preferred stock issued. As a result, we may issue series or classes of preferred stock with preferences, dividends, powers and rights, voting or otherwise, senior to the rights of our common stock holders. The issuance of preferred stock could also have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control transaction that might otherwise be in the best interests of our stockholders. 
 
 (iii) Certain provisions in the partnership agreement of our Operating Partnership may delay or prevent an unsolicited acquisition of us. 
 
 Provisions in our Operating Partnership agreement may delay or make more difficult unsolicited acquisitions of us or changes in our control. These provisions could discourage third parties from making proposals involving an unsolicited acquisition of us or change of our control, although some stockholders might consider such proposals, if made, desirable. These provisions include, among others: 
 redemption rights of qualifying parties; 
 transfer restrictions on our OP Units; 
 the ability of the general partner in some cases to amend the partnership agreement without the consent of the limited partners; and 
 the right of the limited partners to consent to transfers of the general partnership interest and mergers under specified circumstances. 
 
 Any potential change of control transaction may be further limited as a result of provisions of the partnership unit designation for certain LTIP Units, which require us to preserve the rights of LTIP unit holders and may restrict us from amending the partnership agreement for our Operating Partnership in a manner that would have an adverse effect on the rights of LTIP unit holders. 
 
 25 

Table of Contents 

(iv) Certain provisions of Maryland law could inhibit changes in control. 
 
 Certain provisions of the MGCL may have the effect of inhibiting a third party from making a proposal to acquire us or impeding a change of control under circumstances that otherwise could provide our stockholders with the opportunity to realize a premium over the market price of our common stock, including: 
 business combination provisions that, subject to limitations, prohibit certain business combinations between us and an interested stockholder (defined generally as any person who beneficially owns 10 or more of the voting power of our shares or an affiliate thereof) for five years after the most recent date on which the stockholder becomes an interested stockholder, and thereafter impose special appraisal rights and special stockholder voting requirements on these combinations; and 
 control share provisions that provide that control shares of our company (defined as shares which, when aggregated with other shares controlled by the stockholder, entitle the stockholder to exercise one of three increasing ranges of voting power in electing directors) acquired in a control share acquisition (defined as the direct or indirect acquisition of ownership or control of control shares have no voting rights except to the extent approved by our stockholders by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of all the votes entitled to be cast on the matter, excluding all interested shares. 
 
 We have elected to opt out of these provisions of the MGCL, in the case of the business combination provisions of the MGCL, by resolution of our board of directors, and in the case of the control share provisions of the MGCL, pursuant to a provision in our bylaws. However, our board of directors may by resolution elect to repeal the foregoing opt-outs from the business combination provisions of the MGCL and we may, by amendment to our bylaws, opt in to the control share provisions of the MGCL in the future. 
 
 Our charter, bylaws, our Operating Partnership agreement and Maryland law also contain other provisions that may delay, defer or prevent a transaction or a change of control that might involve a premium price for our common stock or otherwise be in the best interest of our stockholders. 
 
 Our fiduciary duties as the sole stockholder of the general partner of our Operating Partnership could create conflicts of interest. 
 
 As the sole stockholder of the general partner of our Operating Partnership, we have fiduciary duties to the other limited partners in our Operating Partnership, the discharge of which may conflict with the interests of our stockholders. The limited partners of our Operating Partnership have agreed that, in the event of a conflict in the fiduciary duties owed by us to our stockholders and, in our capacity as general partner of our Operating Partnership, to such limited partners, we are under no obligation to give priority to the interests of such limited partners. The limited partners have the right to vote on certain amendments to the Operating Partnership agreement (which require approval by a majority in interest of the limited partners, including us) and individually to approve certain amendments that would adversely affect their rights. These voting rights may be exercised in a manner that conflicts with the interests of our stockholders. For example, we are unable to modify the rights of limited partners to receive distributions as set forth in the Operating Partnership agreement in a manner that adversely affects their rights without their consent, even though such modification might be in the best interest of our stockholders. 
 
 Risks Related to Taxes and Our Status as a REIT 
 
 Our property taxes could increase due to property tax rate changes, reassessments or changes in property tax laws, which would adversely impact our cash flows. 
 
 We are required to pay property taxes for our properties, which could increase as property tax rates increase or as our properties are assessed or reassessed by taxing authorities. In California, pursuant to an existing state law commonly referred to as Proposition 13, properties are currently reassessed to market value only at the time of change in ownership or completion of construction, and thereafter, annual property reassessments are generally limited to 2 increases over the previously assessed values. As a result, Proposition 13 generally results in significant below-market assessed values over time. 
 
 From time to time, including recently, lawmakers and political coalitions have initiated efforts to repeal or amend Proposition 13 to eliminate its application to commercial and/or other properties. If Proposition 13 no longer limited the assessed value of our California properties, the assessed values and property taxes for those properties could increase substantially, which could have a material impact on our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
 
 26 

Table of Contents 

Failure to qualify as a REIT would result in higher taxes and reduced cash available for distributions. 
 
 We have elected to be taxed as a REIT under the Code, commencing with our initial taxable year ended December 31, 2006. To qualify as a REIT, we must satisfy on a continuing basis certain technical and complex income, asset, organizational, distribution, stockholder ownership and other requirements. See Item 1 "Business Overview" of this Report for more information regarding these tests. Our ability to satisfy these tests depends upon our analysis of and compliance with numerous factors, many of which are not subject to a precise determination and have only limited judicial and administrative interpretations, and which are not entirely within our control. Holding most of our assets through our Operating Partnership further complicates the application of the REIT requirements and a technical or inadvertent mistake could jeopardize our REIT status. New legislation, Treasury regulations, administrative interpretations or court decisions could significantly change the tax laws with respect to the requirements for qualification as a REIT or the federal income tax consequences of qualification as a REIT. Although we believe that we will continue to qualify as a REIT, we can give no assurance that we have qualified or will continue to qualify as a REIT. 
 
 If we were to fail to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year, and certain relief provisions did not apply, we would be subject to federal income tax on our taxable income at the regular corporate rate, and distributions to stockholders would not be deductible by us in computing our taxable income. Any such corporate tax liability could be substantial and would reduce the amount of cash available for distribution to our stockholders. Unless entitled to relief under certain Code provisions, we would also be disqualified from taxation as a REIT for the four taxable years following the year during which we ceased to qualify as a REIT. In addition, if we fail to qualify as a REIT, we would not be required to make distributions to stockholders, and all distributions to stockholders will be subject to tax as dividend income to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits. If we fail to qualify as a REIT for federal income tax purposes and are able to avail ourselves of one or more of the relief provisions under the Code in order to maintain our REIT status, we would nevertheless be required to pay penalty taxes of 50,000 or more for each such failure. 
 
 As a result of the above factors, our failure to qualify as a REIT could impair our ability to raise capital and expand our business, substantially reduce distributions to stockholders, result in us incurring substantial indebtedness (to the extent borrowings are feasible) or liquidating substantial investments in order to pay the resulting taxes, and adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 
 
 Our Fund, and three of our consolidated JVs, also own properties through one or more entities which are intended to qualify as REITs, and we may in the future use other structures that include REITs. The failure of any such entities to qualify as a REIT could have similar consequences to the REIT subsidiary and could also cause us to fail to qualify as a REIT. 
 
 If the Operating Partnership, or any of its subsidiaries, were treated as a regular corporation for federal income tax purposes, we could cease to qualify as a REIT. 
 
 Although we believe that the Operating Partnership and other subsidiary partnerships, limited liability companies, REIT subsidiaries, QRS and other subsidiaries (other than the TRS) in which we own a direct or indirect interest will be treated for tax purposes as a partnership, disregarded entity (e.g., in the case of a 100 owned limited liability company), REIT or QRS, as applicable, no assurance can be given that the IRS will not successfully challenge the tax classification of any such entity, or that a court would not sustain such a challenge. If the IRS were successful in treating the Operating Partnership or other subsidiaries as entities taxable as a corporation (including a publicly traded partnership taxed as a corporation) for federal income tax purposes, we would likely fail to qualify as a REIT and it would significantly reduce the amount of cash available for distribution by such subsidiaries to us. 
 
 27 

Table of Contents 

Even if we qualify as a REIT, we will be required to pay some taxes which would reduce cash available for distributions. 
 
 Even if we qualify as a REIT for federal income tax purposes, we will be required to pay certain federal, state and local taxes on our income and property. For example, we will be subject to income tax to the extent that we distribute less than 100 of our REIT taxable income (including capital gains). In addition, any net taxable income earned directly by our TRS, or through entities that are disregarded for federal income tax purposes as entities separate from our TRS, will be subject to federal and possibly state corporate income tax. We have elected to treat one of our subsidiaries as a TRS, and we may elect to treat other subsidiaries as TRSs in the future. In this regard, several provisions of the laws applicable to REITs and their subsidiaries ensure that a TRS will be subject to an appropriate level of federal income taxation. For example, for taxable years prior to 2018, a TRS is limited in its ability to deduct interest payments made to an affiliated REIT and, for taxable years after 2017, a TRS is subject to more general limitations on its ability to deduct interest payments to any lender. In addition, the REIT has to pay a 100 tax on some payments that it receives or on some deductions taken by its TRS if the economic arrangements between the REIT, the REIT s tenants, and the TRS are not comparable to similar arrangements between unrelated parties. In addition, some state and local jurisdictions may tax some of our income even though as a REIT we are not subject to federal income tax on that income because not all states and localities treat REITs the same as they are treated for federal income tax purposes. Moreover, if we have net income from prohibited transactions, that income will be subject to a 100 tax. In general, prohibited transactions are sales or other dispositions of property held primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business. Although we do not intend to hold any properties that would be characterized as held primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of our business, such characterization is a factual determination and we cannot guarantee that the IRS would agree with our characterization of our properties. To the extent that we are required to pay federal, state and local taxes, we will have less cash available for distributions to our stockholders. 
 
 REIT distribution requirements could adversely affect our liquidity and cause us to forego otherwise attractive opportunities. 
 
 To qualify as a REIT, we generally must distribute annually at least 90 of our REIT taxable income, excluding any net capital gains. To the extent that we do not distribute all of our net long-term capital gains or at least 90 of our REIT taxable income, we will be required to pay tax thereon at the regular corporate tax rate. We intend to make distributions to our stockholders to comply with the Code requirements for REITs and to minimize or eliminate our corporate income tax obligation. Certain types of assets and activities generate substantial mismatches between taxable income and available cash, either because of differences in timing between the recognition of income and the actual receipt of cash or because of differences between the deduction of expenses and the actual payment of those expenses. Such assets include rental real estate that has been financed through financing structures which require some or all of available cash flows to be used to service borrowings. As a result, the requirement to distribute a substantial portion of our taxable income could cause us to sell assets in adverse market conditions, borrow on unfavorable terms, make a taxable distribution of our stock as part of a distribution in which stockholders may elect to receive our stock or (subject to a limit measured as a percentage of the total distribution) cash, distribute amounts that could otherwise be used to fund our operations, capital expenditures, acquisitions or repayment of debt, or cause us to forego otherwise attractive opportunities. 
 
 REIT stockholders can receive taxable income without cash distributions . 
 
 Under certain circumstances, REITs are permitted to pay required dividends in shares of their stock rather than in cash. If we were to avail ourselves of that option, our stockholders could be required to pay taxes on such stock distributions without the benefit of cash distributions to pay the resulting taxes. 
 
 28 

Table of Contents 

If a transaction intended to qualify as a Section 1031 Exchange is later determined to be taxable or if we are unable to identify and complete the acquisition of a suitable replacement property to effect a Section 1031 Exchange, we may face adverse consequences, and if the laws applicable to such transactions are amended or repealed, we may not be able to dispose of properties on a tax deferred basis . 
 
 From time to time we may dispose of real properties in transactions that are intended to qualify as tax deferred exchanges under Section 1031 of the Code (Section 1031 Exchanges). It is possible that the qualification of a transaction as a Section 1031 Exchange could be successfully challenged and determined to be currently taxable. In such cases, our taxable income would increase as would the amount of distributions we are required to make to satisfy our REIT distribution requirements. This could increase the dividend income to our stockholders by reducing any return of capital they receive. In some circumstances, we may be required to pay additional dividends or, in lieu of that, corporate income tax, possibly including interest and penalties. As a result, we may be required to borrow in order to pay additional dividends or taxes, and the payment of such taxes could cause us to have less cash available to distribute to our stockholders. If a Section 1031 Exchange were later to be determined to be taxable, we may be required to amend our tax returns for the applicable year in question, including any reports we distributed to our stockholders. It is possible that legislation could be enacted that could modify or repeal the laws with respect to Section 1031 Exchanges, which could make it more difficult or not possible for us to dispose of real properties on a tax deferred basis. 
 
 Legislative or other actions affecting REITs could have a negative effect on our investors or us, including our ability to maintain our qualification as a REIT or the federal income tax consequences of such qualification. 
 
 Federal income tax laws are constantly under review by persons involved in the legislative process, the IRS and the U.S. Department of the Treasury. Changes to the laws could adversely affect us and our investors. New legislation, Treasury regulations, administrative interpretations or court decisions could significantly and negatively affect our ability to qualify as a REIT, the federal income tax consequences of such qualification, or the federal income tax consequences of an investment in us. Changes to laws relating to the tax treatment of other entities, or an investment in other entities, could make an investment in such other entities more attractive relative to an investment in a REIT. 
 
 Non-U.S. investors may be subject to FIRPTA, which would impose tax on certain distributions and on the sale of common stock if we are unable to qualify as a domestically controlled REIT or if our stock is not considered to be regularly traded on an established securities market. 
 
 A non-U.S. investor disposing of a U.S. real property interest, including shares of a U.S. corporation whose assets consist principally of U.S. real property interests or USRPIs is generally subject to a tax, known as FIRPTA tax, on the gain recognized on the disposition. Such FIRPTA tax does not apply, however, to the disposition of stock in a REIT if the REIT is a domestically controlled qualified investment entity . A domestically controlled qualified investment entity includes a REIT in which, at all times during a specified testing period, less than 50 of the value of its shares is held directly or indirectly by non-U.S. holders. In the event that we do not constitute a domestically controlled qualified investment entity, a non-U.S. investor s sale of our common stock nonetheless will generally not be subject to tax under FIRPTA as a sale of a USRPI, provided that (1) the stock owned is of a class that is regularly traded as defined by applicable Treasury regulations, on an established securities market, and (2) the selling non-U.S. investor held 10 or less of our outstanding common stock at all times during a specified testing period. If we were to fail to so qualify as a domestically controlled qualified investment entity and our common stock were to fail to be regularly traded , a gain realized by a non-U.S. investor on a sale of our common stock would be subject to FIRPTA tax and applicable withholding. No assurance can be given that we will be a domestically controlled qualified investment entity. Additionally, any distributions we make to our non-U.S. stockholders that are attributable to gain from the sale of any USRPI will also generally be subject to FIRPTA tax and applicable withholdings, unless the recipient non-U.S. stockholder has not owned more than 10 of our common stock at any time during the year preceding the distribution and our common stock is treated as being regularly traded . 

29 

Table of Contents 

General Risks 
 
 Security breaches through cyber attacks, cyber intrusions or otherwise, as well as other significant disruptions of our IT networks and related systems could harm our business. 
 
 We face risks associated with security breaches, whether through cyber attacks or cyber intrusions over the Internet, malware, computer viruses, attachments to e-mails, persons inside our organization or persons with access to systems inside our organization and other significant disruptions of our IT networks and related systems. The risk of a security breach or disruption, particularly through cyber attack or cyber intrusion, including by computer hackers, foreign governments and cyber terrorists, has generally increased as the number, intensity and sophistication of attempted attacks and intrusions from around the world have increased. Our IT networks and related systems are essential to the operation of our business and our ability to perform day-to-day operations (including managing our building systems) and, in some cases, may be critical to the operations of certain of our tenants. Although we make efforts to maintain the security and integrity of these types of IT networks and related systems, and have implemented various measures to manage the risk of a security breach or disruption, there can be no assurance that our efforts will be effective in preventing attempted security breaches or disruptions. Even the most well protected information, networks, systems and facilities remain potentially vulnerable because the techniques used in such attempted security breaches evolve and generally are not recognized until launched against a target, and in some cases are designed not be detected and, in fact, may not be detected. Accordingly, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate security barriers or other preventative measures, and thus it is impossible for us to entirely mitigate this risk. A security breach or other significant disruption involving our IT networks and related systems could have an adverse effect on our business, for example: 
 Disruption to our networks and systems and thus our operations and/or those of our tenants or vendors; 
 Misstated financial reports, violations of loan covenants, missed reporting deadlines and missed permitting deadlines; 
 Inability to comply with laws and regulations; 
 Unauthorized access to, destruction, loss, theft, misappropriation or release of proprietary, confidential, sensitive or otherwise valuable information of ours or others, which others could be used to compete against us or for disruptive, destructive or otherwise harmful purposes; 
 Rendering us unable to maintain the building systems relied upon by our tenants; 
 The requirement of significant management attention and resources to remedy any damages that result; 
 Claims for breach of contract, damages, credits, penalties or termination of leases or other agreements; and 
 Damage to our reputation among our tenants, investors, or others. 
 
 Litigation could have an adverse effect on our business. 
 
 From time to time, we are party to various lawsuits, claims and other legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of our business. An unfavorable resolution of litigation could adversely affect us. Even when there is a favorable outcome, litigation may result in substantial expenses and significantly divert the attention of our management with a similar adverse effect on us. 
 
 If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results. 
 
 An effective system of internal control over financial reporting is necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports, prevent fraud and operate successfully as a public company. There can be no guarantee that our internal controls over financial reporting will be effective in accomplishing all control objectives all of the time. Deficiencies, including material weaknesses, in our internal control over financial reporting that may occur in the future could result in material misstatements in our financial reporting, which could result in restatements of our financial statements. Failure to maintain effective internal controls could cause us to not meet our reporting obligations, which could affect our ability to remain listed with the NYSE or result in SEC enforcement actions, and could cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information. 
 
 30 

Table of Contents 

New accounting pronouncements could adversely affect our operating results or the reported financial performance of our tenants. 
 
 Accounting policies and methods are fundamental to how we record and report our financial condition and results of operations. Uncertainties posed by various initiatives of accounting standard-setting by the FASB and the SEC, which create and interpret applicable accounting standards for U.S. companies, may change the financial accounting and reporting standards or their interpretation and application of these standards that govern the preparation of our financial statements. Similarly, these changes could have a material impact on our tenants reported financial condition or results of operations, credit ratings and preferences regarding leasing real estate. See "New Accounting Pronouncements" in Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements in Item 15 of this Report. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 None. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

Item 2. Properties 
 
 We present property level data for our Total Portfolio, except that we present historical capital expenditures for our Consolidated Portfolio. 
 
 Office Portfolio Summary as of December 31, 2022 
 
 Region Number of Properties Our Rentable Square Feet Region Rentable Square Feet (1) 
 Our Average Market Share (2) 
 Los Angeles Westside (3) 
 52 9,998,784 40,042,780 34.7 Valley 16 6,790,777 21,755,737 43.6 Honolulu (3) 
 3 1,277,664 5,172,139 24.7 Total / Average 71 18,067,225 66,970,656 37.4 
 ________________________________________________ 
 (1) The rentable square feet in each region is based on the Rentable Square Feet as reported in the 2022 fourth quarter CBRE Marketview report for our submarkets in that region. 
 (2) Our market share is calculated by dividing our Rentable Square Feet by the applicable Region's Rentable Square Feet, weighted in the case of averages based on the square feet of exposure in our total portfolio to each submarket as follows: 
 Region Submarket Number of Properties Our Rentable Square Feet Our Market Share (2) 
 Westside Brentwood 15 2,085,745 60.3 Westwood 7 2,191,444 43.6 Olympic Corridor 5 1,142,885 29.5 Beverly Hills (3) 
 11 2,196,067 27.8 Santa Monica 11 1,425,374 14.4 Century City 3 957,269 9.0 Valley Sherman Oaks/Encino 12 3,488,995 53.6 Warner Center/Woodland Hills 3 2,845,577 37.5 Burbank 1 456,205 6.0 Honolulu Honolulu (3) 
 3 1,277,664 24.7 Total / Weighted Average 71 18,067,225 37.4 
 ________________________________________________ 
 (3) In calculating market share, we adjusted the rentable square footage by (i) removing approximately 406,000 rentable square feet of vacant space at an office building in Honolulu that we are converting to residential apartments, from both our rentable square footage and that of the submarket and (ii) removing a 218,000 square foot property located just outside the Beverly Hills city limits from both the numerator and the denominator. 

32 

Table of Contents 

Office Portfolio Percentage Leased and In-place Rents as of December 31, 2022 
 
 Region (1) 
 Percent 
 Leased 
 Annualized Rent (2) 
 Annualized Rent Per Leased Square Foot (2) 
 Monthly Rent Per Leased Square Foot (2) 
 Los Angeles Westside 87.1 465,109,266 56.75 4.73 Valley 86.2 203,666,873 36.34 3.03 Honolulu 91.3 38,029,901 34.28 2.86 Total / Weighted Average 87.0 706,806,040 47.41 3.95 
 _____________________________________________ 
 (1) Regional data reflects the following underlying submarket data: 
 Region Submarket Percent Leased Monthly Rent Per Leased Square Foot (2) 
 Westside Beverly Hills 94.9 4.76 Brentwood 83.0 4.01 Century City 91.6 4.50 Olympic Corridor 80.2 3.40 Santa Monica 92.5 7.00 Westwood 81.2 4.54 Valley Burbank 100.0 4.83 Sherman Oaks/Encino 88.9 3.09 Warner Center/Woodland Hills 80.7 2.58 Honolulu Honolulu 91.3 2.86 Weighted Average 87.0 3.95 
 ____________________________________ 
 (2) Does not include signed leases not yet commenced, which are included in percent leased but excluded from annualized rent. 
 
 Office Lease Diversification as of December 31, 2022 
 
 Portfolio Tenant Size Median Average Square feet 2,500 5,500 

Office Leases Rentable Square Feet Annualized Rent Square Feet Under Lease Number Percent Amount Percent Amount Percent 2,500 or less 1,345 49.6 1,935,678 13.0 84,814,085 12.0 2,501-10,000 1,034 38.1 5,056,569 33.9 232,673,212 32.9 10,001-20,000 210 7.7 2,905,325 19.5 137,034,451 19.4 20,001-40,000 91 3.4 2,453,302 16.5 117,019,233 16.6 40,001-100,000 30 1.1 1,745,925 11.7 90,760,299 12.8 Greater than 100,000 3 0.1 812,969 5.4 44,504,760 6.3 Total for all leases 2,713 100.0 14,909,768 100.0 706,806,040 100.0 
 33 

Table of Contents 

Largest Office Tenants as of December 31, 2022 
 
 The table below presents tenants paying 1 or more of our aggregate Annualized Rent: 
 
 Tenant Number of Leases Number of Properties Lease Expiration (1) 
 Total Leased Square Feet Percent of Rentable Square Feet Annualized Rent Percent of Annualized Rent Warner Bros. Discovery (2) 
 4 3 2023-2024 483,412 2.7 27,477,617 3.9 UCLA (3) 
 22 10 2023-2027 261,179 1.4 14,209,652 2.0 William Morris Endeavor (4) 
 3 1 2023-2027 219,364 1.2 13,953,542 2.0 Morgan Stanley (5) 
 5 5 2025-2028 142,020 0.8 10,273,231 1.4 Equinox Fitness (6) 
 6 5 2029-2038 185,236 1.0 10,142,330 1.4 Macerich (7) 
 2 1 2023-2028 82,368 0.5 7,501,247 1.1 Total 42 25 1,373,579 7.6 83,557,619 11.8 
 ______________________________________________________ 
 (1) Expiration dates are per lease (expiration dates do not reflect storage and similar leases). 
 (2) Square footage (rounded) expires as follows: 27,000 square feet in 2023; and 456,000 square feet in 2024. 
 (3) Square footage (rounded) expires as follows: 8 leases totaling 59,000 square feet in 2023; 2 leases totaling 11,000 square feet in 2024; 4 leases totaling 89,000 square feet in 2025; 5 leases totaling 32,000 square feet in 2026; and 3 leases totaling 71,000 square feet in 2027. Tenant has options to terminate 15,000 square feet in 2024; and 51,000 square feet in 2025. 
 (4) Square footage (rounded) expires as follows: 1,000 square feet in 2023; and 211,000 square feet in 2027. 
 (5) Square footage (rounded) expires as follows: 26,000 square feet in 2025; and 86,000 square feet in 2027; and 30,000 square feet in 2028. Tenant has options to terminate 32,000 square feet in 2024. 
 (6) Square footage (rounded) expires as follows: 34,000 square feet in 2029; 46,000 square feet in 2035, 31,000 square feet in 2037, and 74,000 square feet in 2038. 
 (7) Square footage (rounded) expires as follows: 27,000 square feet in 2023, and 55,000 square feet in 2028. 
 
 Office Industry Diversification as of December 31, 2022 
 
 Industry Number of Leases Annualized Rent as a Percent of Total Legal 578 18.4 Financial Services 366 15.6 Entertainment 173 14.5 Real Estate 317 12.3 Accounting Consulting 294 9.5 Health Services 372 8.3 Technology 91 4.3 Retail 162 4.8 Insurance 94 3.8 Educational Services 47 2.6 Public Administration 76 2.4 Manufacturing Distribution 50 1.2 Advertising 38 1.0 Other 55 1.3 Total 2,713 100.0 
 
 34 

Table of Contents 

Office Lease Expirations as of December 31, 2022 (assuming non-exercise of renewal options and early termination rights) 
 
 Year of Lease Expiration Number of Leases Rentable Square Feet Expiring Square Feet as a Percent of Total Annualized Rent at December 31, 2022 Annualized Rent as a Percent of Total Annualized Rent Per Leased Square Foot (1) 
 Annualized Rent Per Leased Square Foot at Expiration (2) 
 Short Term Leases 90 346,608 1.9 12,892,329 1.8 37.20 37.21 2023 647 2,491,715 13.8 112,973,008 16.0 45.34 45.72 2024 540 2,982,209 16.5 141,332,159 20.0 47.39 49.23 2025 478 2,246,320 12.4 102,529,281 14.5 45.64 49.40 2026 324 1,780,115 9.9 84,561,041 12.0 47.50 52.94 2027 270 1,941,468 10.7 96,798,669 13.7 49.86 57.31 2028 148 1,006,021 5.6 51,271,967 7.2 50.97 58.25 2029 63 434,813 2.4 21,231,469 3.0 48.83 59.61 2030 52 589,002 3.3 30,448,670 4.3 51.70 63.96 2031 40 323,138 1.8 17,025,341 2.4 52.69 66.50 2032 27 208,182 1.1 9,800,526 1.4 47.08 62.80 Thereafter 34 560,177 3.1 25,941,580 3.7 46.31 65.07 Subtotal/weighted average 2,713 14,909,768 82.5 706,806,040 100.0 47.41 52.54 Signed leases not commenced 600,540 3.3 Available 2,338,608 12.9 Building management use 114,226 0.7 BOMA adjustment (3) 
 104,083 0.6 Total/Weighted Average 2,713 18,067,225 100.0 706,806,040 100.0 47.41 52.54 
 _____________________________________________________ 
 (1) Represents annualized rent at December 31, 2022 divided by leased square feet. 
 (2) Represents annualized rent at expiration divided by leased square feet. 
 (3) Represents the square footage adjustments for leases that do not reflect BOMA remeasurement. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

Office Tenant Improvements and Leasing Commissions 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Renewal leases Number of leases 571 557 438 Square feet 2,416,521 2,553,056 1,990,974 Tenant improvement costs per square foot (1) 
 11.06 8.59 8.98 Leasing commission costs per square foot (1) 
 5.86 5.88 6.99 Total costs per square foot (1) 
 16.92 14.47 15.97 New leases Number of leases 343 351 228 Square feet 1,225,024 1,105,297 700,509 Tenant improvement costs per square foot (1) 
 27.68 27.43 25.46 Leasing commission costs per square foot (1) 
 9.26 9.81 9.41 Total costs per square foot (1) 
 36.94 37.24 34.87 Total leases Number of leases 914 908 666 Square feet 3,641,545 3,658,353 2,691,483 Tenant improvement costs per square foot (1) 
 16.65 14.28 13.27 Leasing commission costs per square foot (1) 
 7.01 7.07 7.62 Total costs per square foot (1) 
 23.66 21.35 20.89 
 ______________________________________________________ 
 (1) Tenant improvements and leasing commissions are reported in the period in which the lease is signed. Tenant improvements are based on signed leases, or, for leases in which a tenant improvement allowance was not specified, the amount budgeted at the time the lease commenced. 

Office Recurring Capital Expenditures (consolidated office portfolio) 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Recurring Capital Expenditures (1) 
 4,224,496 3,838,453 3,887,091 Total square feet (1) 
 14,851,378 14,851,378 14,851,378 Recurring Capital Expenditures per square foot (1) 
 0.28 0.26 0.26 
 ____________________________________________________ 
 (1) We excluded the following properties in accordance with our definition of Recurring Capital Expenditures: 
 For 2022, we excluded eleven properties with an aggregate 2.8 million square feet. 
 For 2021, we excluded eleven properties with an aggregate 2.9 million square feet. 
 For 2020, we excluded eleven properties with an aggregate 3.0 million square feet. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

Multifamily Portfolio as of December 31, 2022 
 
 Submarket Number of Properties Number of Units Units as a Percent of Total Los Angeles Santa Monica 3 940 19 West Los Angeles 7 1,676 33 Honolulu 4 2,397 48 Total 14 5,013 100 Submarket Percent Leased Annualized Rent (1) 
 Monthly Rent Per Leased Unit Los Angeles Santa Monica 99.0 48,792,756 4,372 West Los Angeles (2) 
 99.0 44,809,560 3,133 Honolulu 99.8 61,607,256 2,151 Total / Weighted Average 99.4 155,209,572 2,869 
 _______________________________________________________ 
 (1) The multifamily portfolio also includes 10,495 square feet of ancillary retail space generating annualized rent of 449,224, which is not included in multifamily annualized rent. 
 (2) Calculations exclude 94 units temporarily unoccupied as a result of a fire and 376 units at a newly constructed property undergoing lease up. 

Multifamily Recurring Capital Expenditures 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Recurring Capital Expenditures (1)(2) 
 3,092,613 2,821,969 2,666,273 Total units (1)(2) 
 3,925 3,449 3,230 Recurring Capital Expenditures per unit (1)(2) 
 807 818 832 
 ____________________________________________________ 
 (1) Recurring Capital Expenditures include costs associated with the turnover of units. Our multifamily portfolio includes a large number of units that, due to Santa Monica rent control laws, have had only modest rent increases since 1979. During 2022, when a tenant vacated one of these units, we incurred on average 65 thousand per unit to bring the unit up to our standards. We classify these capital expenditures as non-recurring. 
 (2) We excluded the following properties in accordance with our definition of Recurring Capital Expenditures: 
 For 2022, we excluded two properties with an aggregate 1088 units. 
 For 2021, we excluded two properties with an aggregate 939 units. 
 For 2020, we excluded four properties with an aggregate 1057 units. 

37 

Table of Contents 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 
 From time to time, we are party to various lawsuits, claims and other legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of our business. Excluding ordinary, routine litigation incidental to our business, we are not currently a party to any legal proceedings that we believe would reasonably be expected to have a materially adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 None. 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 Market for Common Stock; Dividends 
 
 Our common stock is traded on the NYSE under the symbol DEI . On December 30, 2022, the closing price of our common stock was 15.68. 
 
 The table below presents the dividends declared for our common stock as reported by the NYSE: 
 
 First Quarter Second Quarter Third Quarter Fourth Quarter 2022 Dividend declared 0.28 0.28 0.28 0.19 2021 Dividend declared 0.28 0.28 0.28 0.28 

Holders of Record 
 
 We had 11 holders of record of our common stock on February 10, 2023. Many of the shares of our common stock are held in street name and accordingly, the number of beneficial owners of such shares is not known or included in the foregoing number. 
 
 Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 
 None. 
 
 Repurchases of Equity Securities 
 
 None. 

38 

Table of Contents 

Performance Graph 
 
 The information below shall not be deemed to be soliciting material or to be filed with the SEC or subject to Regulation 14A or 14C, other than as provided in Item 201 of Regulation S-K, or to the liabilities of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, except to the extent we specifically request that such information be treated as soliciting material or specifically incorporate it by reference into a filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. 
 
 The graph below compares the cumulative total return on our common stock from December 31, 2017 to December 31, 2022 to the cumulative total return of the S P 500, NAREIT Equity and an appropriate peer group index (assuming a 100 investment in our common stock and in each of the indexes on December 31, 2017, and that all dividends were reinvested into additional shares of common stock at the frequency with which dividends are paid on the common stock during the applicable fiscal year). The total return performance presented in this graph is not necessarily indicative of, and is not intended to suggest, the total future return performance. 

Period Ending Index 12/31/17 12/31/18 12/31/19 12/31/20 12/31/21 12/31/22 DEI 100.00 85.46 112.77 77.97 92.59 45.48 S P 500 100.00 95.62 125.72 148.85 191.58 156.88 NAREIT Equity (1) 
 100.00 95.38 120.17 110.56 158.36 119.77 Peer group (2) 
 100.00 85.50 106.60 72.66 88.27 50.01 
 _____________________________________________ 
 (1) FTSE NAREIT Equity REITs index. 
 (2) Consists of Boston Properties, Inc. (BXP), Kilroy Realty Corporation (KRC), SL Green Realty Corp. (SLG), Vornado Trust (VNO) and Hudson Pacific Properties, Inc (HPP). 

Item 6. [Reserved] 
 39 

Table of Contents 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our Forward Looking Statements disclaimer and our consolidated financial statements and related notes in Item 15 of this Report. During 2022, our results of operations were impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic, inflation and capital transactions - see "Impact of the COVID-19 Pandemic on our Business" and "Acquisitions, Financings, Developments and Repositionings" further below. 

Overview 
 Douglas Emmett, Inc. is a fully integrated, self-administered and self-managed REIT. Through our interest in our Operating Partnership and its subsidiaries, our consolidated JVs and our unconsolidated Fund, we are one of the largest owners and operators of high-quality office and multifamily properties in Los Angeles County, California and in Honolulu, Hawaii. We focus on owning, acquiring, developing and managing a substantial market share of top-tier office properties and premier multifamily communities in neighborhoods that possess significant supply constraints, high-end executive housing and key lifestyle amenities. As of December 31, 2022, our portfolio consisted of the following (including ancillary retail space and excluding two parcels of land from which we receive rent under ground leases): 
 Consolidated Portfolio (1) 
 Total Portfolio (2) 
 Office Class A Properties 69 71 Rentable Square Feet (in thousands) (3) 
 17,681 18,067 Leased rate 87.1 87.0 Occupancy rate 83.7 83.7 Multifamily Properties 14 14 Units 5,013 5,013 Leased rate (4) 
 99.4 99.4 Occupancy rate (4) 
 98.1 98.1 
 _____________________________________________________________________ 
 (1) Our Consolidated Portfolio includes the properties in our consolidated results. Through our subsidiaries, we wholly-own 53 office properties totaling 13.5 million square feet and 12 residential properties with 4,543 apartments. Through four consolidated JVs, we partially own an additional 16 office properties totaling 4.2 million square feet and two residential properties with 470 apartments. Our Consolidated Portfolio excludes two wholly-owned land parcels from which we receive ground rent from ground leases to the owners of a Class A office building and a hotel. 
 (2) Our Total Portfolio includes our Consolidated Portfolio as well as two properties totaling 0.4 million square feet owned by our unconsolidated Fund, Partnership X. See Note 6 to our consolidated financial statements in Item 15 of this Report for more information about Partnership X. 
 (3) As of December 31, 2022, we removed approximately 406,000 Rentable Square Feet of vacant space at an office building that we are converting to residential apartments. See "Acquisitions, Financings, Developments and Repositionings" further below. 
 (4) Calculations exclude 94 units temporarily unoccupied as a result of a fire and 376 units at a newly constructed property undergoing lease up. 
 
 Revenues by Segment and Location 
 During 2022, revenues from our Consolidated Portfolio were derived as follows: 
 _____ _ 
 40 

Table of Contents 

Impact of the COVID-19 Pandemic on our Business 
 
 Our buildings have remained open and available to our tenants throughout the pandemic. The governmental authorities in the jurisdictions in which we primarily operate, California, Los Angeles, Beverly Hills and Santa Monica, passed COVID-19 pandemic relief ordinances of varying duration and scope (residential, retail, and office), and with varying exemptions, that generally prohibit evictions, late fees and interest and allow rent deferral over certain periods. While improving, our rent collections continue to be negatively impacted by the remaining impact of these ordinances and the pandemic. 
 Our results of operations since 2020 have been adversely impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. Our results of operations for 2022 generally compare favorably with 2021, primarily due to: (i) the gradual recovery, (ii) better collections from our tenants, (iii) lower write-offs of uncollectible tenant receivables, (iv) restoring certain office tenants to accrual basis accounting, (v) higher office parking income, (vi) a multifamily property we acquired in the second quarter of 2022, (vii) new units from our multifamily development projects, and (viii) higher rental rates for our multifamily portfolio. The favorable impacts were partly offset by the impact of inflation on our rental expenses. 
 The pandemic had a significant impact on our collections, although they improved in 2021 and 2022. Charges for uncollectible office tenant receivables and deferred rent receivables, which were primarily due to the COVID-19 pandemic, reduced our office revenues by 0.6 million and 3.0 million for 2022 and 2021, respectively. We restored accrual basis accounting for certain office tenants that were previously determined to be uncollectible and accounted for on a cash basis of accounting, which increased our office revenues by 3.6 million for 2022. See "Collectibility" in our revenue recognition accounting policy in Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements in Item 15 of this Report regarding our accounting policy for collections. It is unclear how the pandemic will impact our future collections. 
 Other considerations that could impact our future leasing, rent collections, and revenue include: 
 How long the pandemic continues; 
 Whether governmental authorities authorize any new tenant protections; 
 Whether more tenants stop paying rent if their business worsens; 
 How attendance in our buildings changes and impacts parking revenue or rent collection; and/or 
 How leasing activity and occupancy will evolve, including any long-term trends after the pandemic ends. 
 
 Overall, we expect the pandemic to continue to adversely impact many parts of our business, and those impacts have been, and will continue, to be material. For more information about the risks to our business, see "Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A. of this Report. 

Acquisitions, Financings, Developments and Repositionings 
 
 Acquisitions 
 
 Acquisition of 1221 Ocean Avenue 
 
 On April 26, 2022, we paid 330.0 million, excluding acquisition costs, to acquire a luxury multifamily apartment building with 120 units, located at 1221 Ocean Avenue in Santa Monica. We acquired the property through a new consolidated JV that we manage and in which we own a 55 interest. We contributed 99.0 million to the JV and an outside investor contributed 81.0 million to the JV. The JV partly financed the acquisition with a 175.0 million secured, non-recourse interest-only term loan that matures in April 2029. We swap-fixed the interest rate on the loan at 3.90 using interest rate swaps, which expire in May 2026. The acquired property's results of operations are included in our consolidated operating results from the date of acquisition. See Note 3 to our consolidated financial statements in Item 15 of this Report for the purchase price allocation. 
 
 41 

Table of Contents 

Financings 
 During the first quarter of 2022 : 
 Interest rate swaps which hedged a 300.0 million interest-only term loan for one of our consolidated wholly- owned subsidiaries expired, and were replaced with an interest rate swap that reduced the term-loan swap-fixed interest rate to 2.66 from 3.42 . 
 
 During the second quarter of 2022 : 
 
 A new consolidated JV that we manage and in which we own a fifty-five percent interest partly financed the purchase of a residential property with a new term loan, see "Acquisitions" above. 
 Interest rate swaps that hedged a 550.0 million floating-rate term loan that matures in June 2027 expired on June 1, 2022, so that the interest on that loan is currently floating. 
 
 During the third quarter of 2022 : 
 
 Interest rate swaps which hedged a 450.0 million interest-only term loan for one of our consolidated JV's expired, and were replaced with existing interest rate swaps that were upsized. This reduced the term-loan swap-fixed interest rate to 2.26 from 3.04 . 
 
 During the fourth quarter of 2022 : 
 
 We did not have any financing transactions during the fourth quarter of 2022. 
 
 See Notes 3, 8 and 10 to our consolidated financial statements in Item 15 of this Report for more information regarding our acquisitions, debt and derivatives, respectively. 
 
 Developments 
 Residential High-Rise Tower, Brentwood, California - "The Landmark Los Angeles" 
 In West Los Angeles, we completed the construction of a 34-story high-rise apartment building with 376 apartments and placed it in service in 2022. The tower was built on a site that is directly adjacent to a 394 thousand square foot office building, a one acre park, and a 712 unit residential property, all of which we own. 
 1132 Bishop Street, Honolulu, Hawaii - "The Residences at Bishop Place" 
 In downtown Honolulu, we are converting a 25-story, 493 thousand square foot office tower into 493 rental apartments. This project is helping to address the severe shortage of rental housing in Honolulu and revitalize the central business district, where we own a significant portion of the Class A office space. As of December 31, 2022, we had delivered seventy-two percent of the planned units and leased all of the units delivered. The conversion will continue in phases through 2025 as the remaining office space is vacated, therefore, the expected timing of the remaining spending is uncertain. 
 
 Repositionings 
 We often strategically purchase properties with large vacancies or expected near-term lease roll-over and use our knowledge of the property and submarket to reposition the property for the optimal use and tenant mix. In addition, we may reposition properties already in our portfolio. The work we undertake to reposition a building typically takes months or even years, and could involve a range of improvements from a complete structural renovation to a targeted remodeling of selected spaces. During the repositioning, the affected property may display depressed rental revenue and occupancy levels that impact our results and, therefore, comparisons of our performance from period to period. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

Rental Rate Trends - Total Portfolio 
 
 Office Rental Rates 
 
 Our office rental rates were adversely impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic during 2020, 2021 and 2022, although the lower rental rates for the respective periods were partly offset by lower tenant improvement costs. The table below presents the average annual rental rate per leased square foot and the annualized lease transaction costs per leased square foot for leases executed in our total office portfolio during the respective periods: 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 Average straight-line rental rate (1)(2) 
 46.78 44.99 45.26 49.65 48.77 Annualized lease transaction costs (3) 
 5.85 4.77 5.11 6.02 5.80 
 ___________________________________________________ 
 (1) These average rental rates are not directly comparable from year to year because the averages are significantly affected from period to period by factors such as the buildings, submarkets, and types of space and terms involved in the leases executed during the respective reporting period. Because straight-line rent takes into account the full economic value during the full term of each lease, including rent concessions and escalations, we believe that it may provide a better comparison than ending cash rents, which include the impact of the annual escalations over the entire term of the lease. 
 (2) Reflects the weighted average straight-line Annualized Rent. 
 (3) Reflects the weighted average leasing commissions and tenant improvement allowances divided by the weighted average number of years for the leases. Excludes leases substantially negotiated by the seller in the case of acquired properties and leases for tenants relocated from space at the landlord's request. 
 
 Office Rent Roll 
 
 Our office rent roll continued to be adversely impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic during 2022. The table below presents the rent roll for new and renewed leases per leased square foot executed in our total office portfolio: 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Rent Roll (1)(2) 
 Expiring 
 Rate (2) 
 New/Renewal Rate (2) 
 Percentage Change Cash Rent 49.19 45.66 (7.2) Straight-line Rent 44.21 46.78 5.8 
 ___________________________________________________ 
 (1) Represents the average annual initial stabilized cash and straight-line rents per square foot on new and renewed leases signed during the year compared to the prior leases for the same space. Excludes leases with a term of twelve months or less, leases where the prior lease was terminated more than a year before signing of the new lease, leases for tenants relocated at the landlord's request, leases in acquired buildings where we believe the information about the prior agreement is incomplete or where we believe the base rent reflects other off-market inducements to the tenant, and other non-comparable leases. 
 (2) Our office rent roll can fluctuate from period to period as a result of changes in our submarkets, buildings and term of the expiring leases, making these metrics difficult to predict. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

Multifamily Rental Rates 
 
 Our multifamily rental rates were adversely impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020, but improved in 2021 and 2022. The table below presents the average annual rental rate per leased unit for new tenants: 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 Average annual rental rate - new tenants (1)(2) 
 31,763 29,837 28,416 28,350 27,542 
 _____________________________________________________ 
 (1) Calculations exclude 376 units at a newly constructed property undergoing lease up. 
 (2) These average rental rates are not directly comparable from year to year because of changes in the properties and units included. For example: 
 (i) In 2019, the average was impacted by our acquisition of The Glendon where rental rates were higher than the average in our portfolio, 
 (ii) In 2020, the average was impacted by the addition of a significant number of units at our Bishop Place development in Honolulu, where the rental rates were higher than the average in our portfolio, and 
 (iii) In 2022, the average was impacted by the acquisition of 1221 Ocean Avenue, where the rental rates were higher than the average in our portfolio. See "Acquisitions, Financings, Developments and Repositionings" for more information regarding this acquisition. 
 
 Multifamily Rent Roll 
 
 The rent on leases subject to rent change during 2022 (new tenants and existing tenants undergoing annual rent review) was 6.4 higher on average than the prior rent on the same unit. This excludes leasing at a newly constructed property undergoing lease up. 

Occupancy Rates - Total Portfolio 
 
 Our office occupancy rates were adversely impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic during 2020, 2021 and 2022. Our multifamily occupancy rates were adversely impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic during 2020, but recovered during 2021 and 2022. The tables below present the occupancy rates for our total office portfolio and multifamily portfolio: 
 
 December 31, Occupancy Rates (1) as of: 
 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 Office portfolio 83.7 84.9 87.4 91.4 90.3 Multifamily portfolio (2) 
 98.1 98.0 94.2 95.2 97.0 
 
 Year Ended December 31, Average Occupancy Rates (1)(3) : 
 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 Office portfolio 84.2 85.7 89.5 90.7 89.4 Multifamily portfolio (2) 
 97.9 96.8 94.2 96.5 96.6 
 ___________________________________________________ 
 (1) Occupancy rates include the impact of property acquisitions, most of whose occupancy rates at the time of acquisition were below that of our existing portfolio. 
 (2) Our Occupancy Rates may not be directly comparable from year to year, as they can be impacted by acquisitions, dispositions, development and redevelopment projects. Multifamily calculations exclude units temporarily unoccupied as a result of a fire at one property and all units at a newly constructed property undergoing lease up. 
 (3) Average occupancy rates are calculated by averaging the occupancy rates at the end of each of the quarters in the period and at the end of the quarter immediately prior to the start of the period. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

Office Lease Expirations 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, assuming non-exercise of renewal options and early termination rights, we expect to see expiring square footage in our total office portfolio as follows: 

______________________________________________________ 
 (1) Average of the percentage of leases at December 31, 2019, 2020, and 2021 with the same remaining duration as the leases for the labeled year had at December 31, 2022. Acquisitions are included in the prior year average commencing in the quarter after the acquisition. 

45 

Table of Contents 

Results of Operations 
 
 Comparison of 2022 to 2021 
 
 Our results of operations for 2022 and 2021 were adversely impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. Our results of operations for 2022 generally compare favorably with 2021 primarily due to: (i) the gradual recovery from the pandemic, (ii) better collections from our tenants, (iii) lower write-offs of uncollectible tenant receivables, (iv) restoring certain office tenants to accrual basis accounting, (v) higher office parking income, (vi) a multifamily property we acquired in the second quarter of 2022, (vii) new units from our multifamily development projects, and (viii) higher rental rates for our multifamily portfolio. The favorable impacts were partly offset by the impact of inflation on our rental expenses. 

Year Ended December 31, Favorable (Unfavorable) 2022 2021 Change Commentary (In thousands) Revenues Office rental revenue and tenant recoveries 724,131 704,946 19,185 2.7 The increase was primarily due to better collections, lower write-offs of uncollectible receivables, and restoring certain tenants to accrual basis accounting. The increase was partly offset by a decrease in rental revenues due to a decrease in occupancy and lower accretion from below-market leases. 
 Office parking and other income 100,442 81,924 18,518 22.6 The increase was primarily due to an increase in parking income due to an increase in parking activity. 
 Multifamily revenue 169,079 131,527 37,552 28.6 The increase was primarily due to: (i) revenues from our 1221 Ocean Avenue property in Santa Monica which we purchased in the second quarter of 2022, (ii) higher rental rates, (iii) new units at our Landmark Los Angeles development project and our Bishop Place conversion project, and (iv) better collections. 
 Operating expenses Office rental expenses 284,522 265,376 (19,146) (7.2) The increase was primarily due to an increase in utility, janitorial, personnel, insurance and parking expenses. The increase was partly offset by a decrease in rental expenses at our Bishop Place conversion project and lower advocacy expenses. 
 Multifamily rental expenses 49,299 38,025 (11,274) (29.6) The increase was primarily due to: (i) rental expenses from our 1221 Ocean Avenue property in Santa Monica which we purchased in the second quarter of 2022, (ii) rental expenses from new units at our Bishop Place conversion project and Landmark Los Angeles development project, and (iii) an increase in utility and personnel expenses. The increase was partly offset by a decrease in property taxes. 
 
 46 

Table of Contents 

Year Ended December 31, Favorable (Unfavorable) 2022 2021 Change Commentary (In thousands) General and administrative expenses 45,405 42,554 (2,851) (6.7) The increase was primarily due to an increase in advocacy and leasing expenses. The increase was partly offset by a decrease in legal expenses and stock-based compensation expense. 
 Depreciation and amortization 372,798 371,289 (1,509) (0.4) The increase was primarily due to depreciation from the property we purchased in the second quarter, and depreciation from the Landmark Los Angeles development project. The increase was partly offset by a decrease in depreciation from our Bishop Place conversion project and a decrease in depreciation for our other properties. 
 Non-Operating Income and Expenses Other income 4,587 2,465 2,122 86.1 The increase was primarily due to an increase in interest income, partly offset by the recovery of transaction fees in 2021. 
 Other expenses (714) (937) 223 23.8 The decrease was primarily due to transaction expenses in 2021, partly offset by an increase in expenses related to services we provide to our unconsolidated fund, Partnership X. 
 Income from unconsolidated Fund 1,224 946 278 29.4 The increase was due to an increase in the net income of our unconsolidated fund, Partnership X, which was primarily due to: (i) an increase in rental revenues due to higher rental rates and (ii) an increase in parking income due to higher parking activity. 
 Interest expense (150,185) (147,496) (2,689) (1.8) The increase was primarily due to higher debt and interest rates, partly offset by a decrease in loan costs. 

Comparison of 2021 to 2020 
 
 See Item 7 of Part II in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 filed with the SEC on February 18, 2022 for a comparison of our results of operations for 2021 compared to 2020. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

Non-GAAP Supplemental Financial Measure: FFO 
 
 Usefulness to Investors 
 
 We report FFO because it is a widely reported measure of the performance of equity REITs, and is also used by some investors to identify the impact of trends in occupancy rates, rental rates and operating costs from year to year, excluding the impacts from changes in the value of our real estate, and to compare our performance with other REITs. FFO is a non-GAAP financial measure for which we believe that net income is the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure. FFO has limitations as a measure of our performance because it excludes depreciation and amortization of real estate, and captures neither the changes in the value of our properties that result from use or market conditions, nor the level of capital expenditures, tenant improvements and leasing commissions necessary to maintain the operating performance of our properties, all of which have real economic effect and could materially impact our results from operations. FFO should be considered only as a supplement to net income as a measure of our performance and should not be used as a measure of our liquidity or cash flow, nor is it indicative of funds available to fund our cash needs, including our ability to pay dividends. Other REITs may not calculate FFO in accordance with the NAREIT definition and, accordingly, our FFO may not be comparable to the FFO of other REITs. See "Results of Operations" above for a discussion of the items that impacted our net income. 
 
 Comparison of 2022 to 2021 
 
 During 2022, FFO increased by 36.2 million, or 9.4 , to 419.7 million, compared to 383.5 million for 2021. The increase was primarily due to an increase in NOI from our multifamily and office portfolios, partly offset by an increase in general and administrative expenses and higher interest expense. The increase in NOI from our multifamily portfolio was primarily due to: (i) our acquisition of the 1221 Ocean Avenue property in Santa Monica in the second quarter of 2022, (ii) higher rental rates, (iii) new units at our Landmark Los Angeles development project and our Bishop Place conversion project, and (iv) better collections. The increase in NOI from our office portfolio was primarily due to: (i) better collections, lower write-offs of uncollectible receivables, and restoring certain tenants to accrual basis accounting, and (ii) an increase in parking income. 
 
 Comparison of 2021 to 2020 
 
 See Item 7 of Part II in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 filed with the SEC on February 18, 2022 for a comparison of our FFO for 2021 compared to 2020. 
 
 Reconciliation to GAAP 
 
 The table below reconciles our FFO (the FFO attributable to our common stockholders and noncontrolling interests in our Operating Partnership - which includes our share of our consolidated JVs and our unconsolidated Fund's FFO) to net income attributable to common stockholders (the most directly comparable GAAP measure): 
 
 Year Ended December 31, (In thousands) 2022 2021 Net income attributable to common stockholders 97,145 65,267 Depreciation and amortization of real estate assets 372,798 371,289 Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests (605) (9,136) Adjustments attributable to unconsolidated Fund (1) 
 2,848 2,796 Adjustments attributable to consolidated JVs (2) 
 (52,503) (46,760) FFO 419,683 383,456 
 ___________________________________________________ 
 (1) Adjusts for our share of Partnership X's depreciation and amortization of real estate assets. 
 (2) Adjusts for the net income (loss) and depreciation and amortization of real estate assets that is attributable to the noncontrolling interests in our consolidated JVs. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

Non-GAAP Supplemental Financial Measure: Same Property NOI 
 
 Usefulness to Investors 
 
 We report Same Property NOI to facilitate a comparison of our operations between reported periods. Many investors use Same Property NOI to evaluate our operating performance and to compare our operating performance with other REITs, because it can reduce the impact of investing transactions on operating trends. Same Property NOI is a non-GAAP financial measure for which we believe that net income is the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure. We report Same Property NOI because it is a widely recognized measure of the performance of equity REITs, and is used by some investors to identify trends in occupancy rates, rental rates and operating costs and to compare our operating performance with that of other REITs. Same Property NOI has limitations as a measure of our performance because it excludes depreciation and amortization expense, and captures neither the changes in the value of our properties that result from use or market conditions, nor the level of capital expenditures, tenant improvements and leasing commissions necessary to maintain the operating performance of our properties, all of which have real economic effect and could materially impact our results from operations. Other REITs may not calculate Same Property NOI in the same manner. As a result, our Same Property NOI may not be comparable to the Same Property NOI of other REITs. Same Property NOI should be considered only as a supplement to net income as a measure of our performance and should not be used as a measure of our liquidity or cash flow, nor is it indicative of funds available to fund our cash needs, including our ability to pay dividends. 
 
 Comparison of 2022 to 2021: 
 
 Our Same Properties for 2022 included 67 office properties, aggregating 17.6 million Rentable Square Feet, and 10 multifamily properties with an aggregate 3,449 units. The amounts presented below reflect 100 (not our pro-rata share). 
 Our Same Property results for 2022 and 2021 were adversely impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. The Same Property results for 2022 generally compare favorably with 2021 due to: (i) the gradual recovery from the pandemic, (ii) better collections from our tenants, (iii) lower write-offs of uncollectible tenant receivables, (iv) restoring certain office tenants to accrual basis accounting, (v) higher office parking income, and (vi) higher rental rates for our multifamily portfolio. These favorable impacts were partly offset by the impact of inflation on our rental expenses. 
 Year Ended December 31, Favorable (Unfavorable) 2022 2021 Change Commentary (In thousands) Office revenues 814,084 776,734 37,350 4.8 The increase was primarily due to: (i) better collections, a decrease in write-offs of uncollectible receivables, and restoring certain tenants to accrual basis accounting, and (ii) an increase in parking income. The increase was partly offset by a decrease in rental revenues due to a decrease in occupancy and lower accretion from below-market leases. Office expenses (279,653) (258,262) (21,391) (8.3) The increase was primarily due to an increase in utility, janitorial, personnel, insurance and parking expenses. The increase was partly offset by lower advocacy expenses. Office NOI 534,431 518,472 15,959 3.1 Multifamily revenues 114,688 105,743 8,945 8.5 The increase was primarily due to an increase in rental revenues due to higher rental rates and better collections. Multifamily expenses (34,633) (31,958) (2,675) (8.4) The increase was primarily due to an increase in utility and personnel expenses. The increase was partly offset by a decrease in property taxes. Multifamily NOI 80,055 73,785 6,270 8.5 Total NOI 614,486 592,257 22,229 3.8 
 49 

Table of Contents 

Reconciliation to GAAP 
 
 The table below presents a reconciliation of our Same Property NOI to net income attributable to common stockholders (the most directly comparable GAAP measure): 
 
 Year Ended December 31, (In thousands) 2022 2021 Same Property NOI 614,486 592,257 Non-comparable office revenues 10,489 10,136 Non-comparable office expenses (4,869) (7,114) Non-comparable multifamily revenues 54,391 25,784 Non-comparable multifamily expenses (14,666) (6,067) NOI 659,831 614,996 General and administrative expenses (45,405) (42,554) Depreciation and amortization (372,798) (371,289) Other income 4,587 2,465 Other expenses (714) (937) Income from unconsolidated Fund 1,224 946 Interest expense (150,185) (147,496) Net income 96,540 56,131 Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests 605 9,136 Net income attributable to common stockholders 97,145 65,267 

Comparison of 2021 to 2020 
 
 See Item 7 of Part II in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 filed with the SEC on February 18, 2022 for a comparison of our same property NOI for 2021 compared to 2020. 

50 

Table of Contents 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Short-term liquidity 
 
 Our short-term liquidity needs consist primarily of funds necessary for our operating activities, development, repositioning projects and dividends and distributions. During 2022, we generated cash from operations of 496.9 million. As of December 31, 2022, we had 268.8 million of cash and cash equivalents, and we had no balance outstanding on our 400.0 million revolving credit facility. Our earliest term loan maturity is December 2024. See Note 8 to our consolidated financial statements in Item 15 of this Report for more information regarding our debt. Excluding acquisitions and debt refinancings, we expect to meet our short-term liquidity requirements through cash on hand, cash generated by operations and our revolving credit facility. 
 
 Long-term liquidity 
 
 Our long-term liquidity needs consist primarily of funds necessary to pay for acquisitions, development and debt refinancings. We do not expect to have sufficient funds on hand to cover these long-term cash requirements due to REIT federal tax rules which require that we distribute at least 90 of our income on an annual basis. We plan to meet our long-term liquidity needs through long-term secured non-recourse debt, the issuance of equity securities, including common stock and OP Units, as well as property dispositions and JV transactions. We have an ATM program which would allow us, subject to market conditions, to sell up to 400.0 million of shares of common stock. 
 
 We only use non-recourse debt, secured by our properties. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 46 of our total office portfolio was unencumbered. To mitigate the impact of changing interest rates on our cash flows from operations, we generally enter into interest rate swap agreements with respect to our loans with floating interest rates. These swap agreements generally expire two years before the maturity date of the related loan, during which time we can refinance the loan without any interest penalty. See Notes 8 and 10 to our consolidated financial statements in Item 15 of this Report for more information regarding our debt and derivative contracts, respectively. See Item 7A. "Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk" of this Report regarding the impact of interest rate increases on our future operating results and cash flows. 

Certain Contractual Obligations 
 
 See the following notes to our consolidated financial statements in Item 15 of this Report for information regarding our contractual commitments: 
 
 Note 4 - minimum future ground lease payments; 
 Note 8 - minimum future principal payments for our secured notes payable and revolving credit facility, and the interest rates that determine our future periodic interest payments; and 
 Note 17 - contractual commitments. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 
 Unconsolidated Fund Debt 
 
 Our Fund, Partnership X, has its own secured non-recourse debt and interest rate swaps. We have made certain environmental and other limited indemnities and guarantees covering customary non-recourse carve-outs related to that loan, and we have also guaranteed the interest rate swaps. Partnership X has agreed to indemnify us for any amounts that we would be required to pay under these agreements. As of December 31, 2022, all of the obligations under the respective loan and swap agreements have been performed in accordance with the terms of those agreements. See "Guarantees" in Note 17 to our consolidated financial statements in Item 15 of this Report for more information about our Fund's debt and swaps, and the respective guarantees. 

51 

Table of Contents 

Cash Flows 
 
 Comparison of 2022 to 2021 
 
 Our operating cash flows in both periods were adversely impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic, and in 2022 by the effects of inflation. 
 
 Year Ended December 31, Increase (Decrease) In Cash 2022 2021 (In thousands) Net cash provided by operating activities (1) 
 496,888 446,951 49,937 11.2 Net cash used in investing activities (2) 
 (560,953) (288,708) (272,245) (94.3) Cash (used in) provided by financing activities (3) 
 (3,003) 5,246 (8,249) (157.2) 
 ___________________________________________________ 
 (1) Our cash flows from operating activities are primarily dependent upon the occupancy and rental rates of our portfolio, the collectibility of tenant receivables, the level of our operating and general and administrative expenses, and interest expense. The increase in cash from operating activities of 49.9 million was primarily due to an increase in NOI from our multifamily and office portfolios, partly offset by higher interest expense and an increase in general and administrative expenses. The increase in NOI from our multifamily portfolio was primarily due to: (i) our acquisition of the 1221 Ocean Avenue property in Santa Monica in the second quarter of 2022, (ii) higher rental rates, (iii) new units at our Landmark Los Angeles development project and our Bishop Place conversion project, and (iv) better collections. The increase in NOI from our office portfolio was primarily due to: (i) better collections and (ii) an increase in parking income. For both portfolios, these improvements were partially offset by increases in expenses. 
 (2) Our cash flows from investing activities is generally used to fund property acquisitions, developments and redevelopment projects, and Recurring and non-Recurring Capital Expenditures. The decrease in cash from investing activities of 272.2 million was primarily due to a property acquisition of 330.5 million and an increase in capital expenditures for improvements to real estate of 53.9 million, partly offset by a decrease in capital expenditures for developments of 108.8 million. 
 (3) Our cash flows from financing activities are generally impacted by our borrowings and capital activities, as well as dividends and distributions paid to common stockholders and noncontrolling interests, respectively. The decrease in cash from financing activities of 8.2 million was primarily due to a decrease in net borrowings of 95.0 million and higher distributions paid to noncontrolling interests of 4.1 million, partly offset by contributions from noncontrolling interests in our consolidated JVs of 81.0 million and a decrease in loan cost payments of 10.4 million. 

Comparison of 2021 to 2020 
 
 See Item 7 of Part II in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 filed with the SEC on February 18, 2022 for a comparison of our cash flows for 2021 compared to 2020. 
 
 52 

Table of Contents 

Critical Accounting Policies 
 
 Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, which requires us to make estimates of certain items which affect the reported amounts of our assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. While we believe that our estimates are based upon reasonable assumptions and judgments at the time that they are made, some of our estimates could prove to be incorrect, and those differences could be material. Below is a discussion of our critical accounting policies, which are the policies we believe require the most estimate and judgment. See Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements included in Item 15 of this Report for the summary of our significant accounting policies. 
 
 Investment in Real Estate 
 
 Acquisitions and Initial Consolidation of VIEs 
 
 We account for property acquisitions as asset acquisitions. We allocate the purchase price for asset acquisitions, which includes the capitalized transaction costs, and for the properties upon the initial consolidation of VIEs not determined to be a business, on a relative fair value basis to: (i) land, (ii) buildings and improvements, (iii) tenant improvements and identifiable intangible assets such as in-place at-market leases, (iv) acquired above- and below-market ground and tenant leases, and if applicable (v) assumed debt, based upon comparable sales for land, and the income approach using our estimates of expected future cash flows and other valuation techniques, which include but are not limited to, our estimates of rental rates, revenue growth rates, capitalization rates and discount rates, for other assets and liabilities. We estimate the relative fair values of the tangible assets on an as-if-vacant basis. The estimated relative fair value of acquired in-place at-market leases are the estimated costs to lease the property to the occupancy level at the date of acquisition, including the fair value of leasing commissions and legal costs. We evaluate the time period over which we expect such occupancy level to be achieved and include an estimate of the net operating costs (primarily real estate taxes, insurance and utilities) incurred during the lease-up period. Above and below-market ground and tenant leases are recorded as an asset or liability based upon the present value (using an interest rate which reflects the risks associated with the leases acquired) of the difference between the contractual amounts to be paid or received pursuant to the in-place ground or tenant leases, respectively, and our estimate of fair market rental rates for the corresponding in-place leases, over the remaining non-cancelable term of the leases. Assumed debt is recorded at fair value based upon the present value of the expected future payments and current interest rates. 
 
 These estimates require judgment, involve complex calculations, and the allocations have a direct and material impact on our results of operations because, for example, (i) there would be less depreciation if we allocate more value to land (which is not depreciated), or (ii) if we allocate more value to buildings than to tenant improvements, the depreciation would be recognized over a much longer time period, because buildings are depreciated over a longer time period than tenant improvements. 
 
 Cost capitalization 
 
 We capitalize development costs, including predevelopment costs, interest, property taxes, insurance and other costs directly related to the development of real estate. Indirect development costs, including salaries and benefits, office rent, and associated costs for those individuals directly responsible for and who spend their time on development activities are also capitalized and allocated to the projects to which they relate. Development costs are capitalized while substantial activities are ongoing to prepare an asset for its intended use. We consider a development project to be substantially complete when the residential units or office space is available for occupancy but no later than one year after cessation of major construction activity. Costs incurred after a project is substantially complete and ready for its intended use, or after development activities have ceased, are expensed as incurred. Costs previously capitalized related to abandoned developments are charged to earnings. Expenditures for repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred. 
 
 The capitalization of development costs requires judgment, and can directly and materially impact our results of operations because, for example, (i) if we don't capitalize costs that should be capitalized, then our operating expenses would be overstated during the development period, and the subsequent depreciation of the developed real estate would be understated, or (ii) if we capitalize costs that should not be capitalized, then our operating expenses would be understated during the development period, and the subsequent depreciation of the real estate would be overstated. We capitalized development costs of 59.7 million, 185.4 million and 186.4 million during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 53 

Table of Contents 

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets 
 
 We assess our investment in real estate for impairment on a periodic basis, and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of our investments in real estate may not be recoverable. If the undiscounted future cash flows expected to be generated by the asset are less than the carrying value of the asset, and our evaluation indicates that we may be unable to recover the carrying value, then we would record an impairment loss to the extent that the carrying value exceeds the estimated fair value of the asset. Our estimates of future cash flows are based in part upon assumptions regarding future occupancy, rental revenues and operating costs, and could differ materially from actual results. We record real estate held for sale at the lower of carrying value or estimated fair value, less costs to sell, and similarly recognize impairment losses if we believe that we cannot recover the carrying value. Our evaluation of market conditions for assets held for sale requires judgment, and our expectations could differ materially from actual results. Impairment losses would reduce our net income and could be material. Based upon such periodic assessments we did not record any impairment losses for our long-lived assets and Fund during 2022, 2021 or 2020. 
 
 Revenue Recognition - Collectibility of lease payments from office tenants 
 
 In accordance with Topic 842, if collectibility of lease payments is not probable at the commencement date, then we limit the lease income to the lesser of the income recognized on a straight-line basis or cash basis. If our assessment of collectibility changes after the commencement date, we record the difference between the lease income that would have been recognized on a straight-line basis and cash basis as a current-period adjustment to lease income. We adopted the Topic 842 complete impairment model. Under this model, we no longer maintain a general reserve related to our receivables, and instead analyze, on a lease-by-lease basis, whether amounts due under the operating lease are deemed probable for collection. We write off tenant and deferred rent receivables as a charge against rental revenue in the period we determine the lease payments are not probable for collection. If we subsequently collect amounts that were previously written off then the amounts collected are recorded as an increase to our rental revenues and tenant recoveries. 
 
 Our assessment of the collectibility of lease payments requires judgment and could have a material impact on our results of operations. This assessment involves using a methodology that requires judgment and estimates about matters that are uncertain at the time the estimates are made, including tenant specific factors, specific industry conditions, and general economic trends and conditions. 
 
 During 2022, 2021 and 2020, our results of operations were materially impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. See "Impact of the COVID-19 Pandemic on our Business". Charges for uncollectible amounts related to tenant receivables and deferred rent receivables, which were primarily due to the COVID-19 pandemic, reduced our rental revenues and tenant recoveries by 0.6 million, 3.0 million, and 41.0 million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. We restored accrual basis accounting for certain office tenants that were previously determined to be uncollectible and accounted for on a cash basis of accounting, which increased our office revenues by 3.6 million in 2022. 
 
 Revenue Recognition for Tenant Recoveries 
 
 Our tenant recovery revenues for recoverable operating expenses are recognized as revenue in the period that the recoverable expenses are incurred. Subsequent to year-end, we perform reconciliations on a lease-by-lease basis and bill or credit each tenant for any differences between the estimated expenses we billed to the tenant and the actual expenses incurred. Estimating tenant recovery revenues requires an in-depth analysis of the complex terms of each underlying lease. Examples of estimates and judgments made when determining the amounts recoverable include: 
 estimating the recoverable expenses; 
 estimating the impact of changes to expense and occupancy during the year; 
 estimating the fixed and variable components of operating expenses for each building; 
 conforming recoverable expense pools to those used in the base year for the underlying lease; and 
 judging whether an expense or capital expenditure is recoverable pursuant to the terms of the underlying lease. 
 
 These estimates require judgment and involve calculations for each of our office properties. If our estimates prove to be incorrect, then our tenant recovery revenues and net income could be materially and adversely affected in future periods when we perform our reconciliations. The impact of changing our current year tenant recovery billings by 5 would result in a change to our tenant recovery revenues and net income of 2.2 million, 2.4 million and 2.6 million during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 54 

Table of Contents 

Stock-Based Compensation 
 
 We award stock-based compensation to certain employees and non-employee directors in the form of LTIP Units. We recognize the fair value of the awards over the requisite vesting period, which is based upon service. The fair value of the awards is based upon the market value of our common stock on the grant date and a discount for post-vesting restrictions. 
 
 Our estimate of the discount for post-vesting restrictions requires judgment. If our estimate of the discount is too high or too low it would result in the fair value of the awards that we make being too low or too high, respectively, which would result in an under- or over-expense of stock-based compensation, respectively, and this under- or over-expensing of stock-based compensation would result in our net income being overstated or understated, respectively. Stock-based compensation expense was 21.0 million, 20.9 million and 21.4 million for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The impact of changing the discount rate by 5 would result in a change to our stock-based compensation expense and net income of 1.1 million, 1.0 million and 1.1 million during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 
 Hedging our Floating Rate Borrowings 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the interest rates for 89 of our consolidated borrowings were fixed or swap-fixed with interest rate swaps. Our use of these instruments exposes us to credit risk from the potential inability of our counterparties to perform under the terms of those agreements. We attempt to minimize this credit risk by contracting with a variety of financial counterparties with investment grade ratings. As of December 31, 2022, the interest expense for our floating rate borrowings that are not hedged would increase by 5.6 million per year for every one hundred basis point increase in the related benchmark interest rate. See Note 8 to our consolidated financial statements in Item 15 of this Report for the future swap expirations with a total notional amount of 837.4 million in the first quarter of 2023. Higher interest rates would cause an increase in our future interest expense, which would reduce our future net income and cash flows from operations. 
 
 Market Transition to SOFR from USD-LIBOR 
 
 On March 5, 2021, the FCA announced that USD-LIBOR would no longer be published after June 30, 2023. This announcement has several implications, including setting the type of SOFR to which LIBOR is converted (e.g., Term SOFR, Daily Simple SOFR or Daily Compounded SOFR) and agreeing on a spread that may be applied when converting contracts from USD-LIBOR to SOFR. As of December 31, 2022, most of our floating rate borrowings and interest rate swaps are indexed to USD-LIBOR, and we currently expect that all of these loans and interest rate swaps will be converted to SOFR by July 1, 2023. We are evaluating issues relating to transitioning contracts to SOFR - which include, among other issues, the calculation of: (i) loan interest payments, (ii) swap interest payments, and (iii) the value of, and accounting for, loans and swaps. While we currently expect USD-LIBOR to be available in substantially its current form until at least June 30, 2023, it is possible that USD-LIBOR will become unavailable prior to that time. This could occur if, for example, sufficient banks decline to make submissions to the LIBOR administrator. In that case, the risks associated with the transition to SOFR will be accelerated and potentially magnified. 
 
 See Notes 8 and 10 to our consolidated financial statements in Item 15 of this Report for more information regarding our debt and interest rate swaps. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 See the Index to our Financial Statements in Item 15 . 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 None. 
 
 55 

Table of Contents 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the end of the period covered by this Report, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of management, including our CEO and CFO, regarding the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) at the end of the period covered by this Report. Based on the foregoing, our CEO and CFO concluded, as of that time, that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective in ensuring that information required to be disclosed by us in reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act (i) is processed, recorded, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and (ii) is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our CEO and our CFO, as appropriate, to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 There have not been any changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting and the Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm thereon appear at pages F-1 and F-5 , respectively, and are incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 
 None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 
 Not applicable. 
 56 

Table of Contents 

PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the information set forth under the captions Election of Directors (Proposal 1) Information Concerning Current Directors and Nominees , Information About Our Executive Officers , Corporate Governance , Board Meetings and Committees and Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports (to the extent required), in our Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after December 31, 2022. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the information set forth under the captions Executive Compensation , Compensation Committee Report , Director Compensation , and Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation , in our Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after December 31, 2022. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Stock-Based Compensation Plan 
 
 The following table presents information with respect to shares of our common stock that may be issued under our existing stock incentive plan as of December 31, 2022: 
 
 Plan Category Number of shares of common stock to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights (In thousands) Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights Number of shares of common stock remaining available for future issuance under stock-based compensation plans (excluding shares reflected in column (a)) (In thousands) (a) (b) (c) Stock-based compensation plans approved by stockholders (1) 3,961 (2) (3) 2,276 
 ___________________________________________________________ 
 (1) For a description of our 2016 Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan, see Note 13 to our consolidated financial statements in Item 15 of this Report. We did not have any other stock-based compensation plans as of December 31, 2022. 
 (2) Consists of 2.4 million vested and 1.6 million unvested LTIP Units. 
 (3) We have no outstanding options. There are no exercise prices for LTIP Units. 
 
 The remaining information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the information set forth under the caption Voting Securities and Principal Stockholders Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management , in our Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after December 31, 2022. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the information set forth under the captions Election of Directors (Proposal 1) Information Concerning Current Directors and Nominees , Corporate Governance and Transactions With Related Persons , in our Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after December 31, 2022. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 
 Our Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm is , , PCAOB Firm ID: . The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the information set forth under the caption Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm in our Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after December 31, 2022. 
 57 

Table of Contents 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedule 
 
 (a)(1) and (2) Financial Statements and Schedules 
 
 Index Page Exhibits 
 59 
 Signatures 
 61 
 Report of Management on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 F- 1 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F- 2 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 F- 5 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 F- 6 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 F- 7 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 F- 8 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity 
 F- 9 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 F- 11 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F- 12 
 Overview 
 F- 12 
 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 F- 13 
 Investment in Real Estate 
 F- 20 
 Ground Lease 
 F- 21 
 Acquired Lease Intangibles 
 F- 22 
 Investments in Unconsolidated Fund 
 F- 23 
 Other Assets 
 F- 23 
 Secured Notes Payable Revolving Credit Facility, Net 
 F- 24 
 Interest Payable, Accounts Payable and Deferred Revenue 
 F- 26 
 Derivative Contracts 
 F- 26 
 Equity 
 F- 29 
 EPS 
 F- 31 
 Stock-Based Compensation 
 F- 32 
 Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
 F- 34 
 Segment Reporting 
 F- 36 
 Future Minimum Lease Receipts 
 F- 37 
 Commitments, Contingencies and Guarantees 
 F- 37 
 Schedule III - Consolidated Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 F- 39 
 Note: All other schedules have been omitted because the required information is not present, or not present in amounts sufficient to require submission of the schedule, or because the information required is included in the financial statements or notes thereto. 

58 

Table of Contents 
 Douglas Emmett, Inc. 
 Exhibits 

(a)(3) exhibits 
 
 Number Description Footnote 3.1 Articles of Amendment and Restatement of Douglas Emmett, Inc. 
 (1) 3.2 Bylaws of Douglas Emmett, Inc. 
 (2) 3.3 Certificate of Correction to Articles of Amendment and Restatement of Douglas Emmett, Inc. 
 (3) 3.4 Bylaws Amendment 
 (4) 4.1 Form of Certificate of Common Stock of Douglas Emmett, Inc. 
 (5) 4.2 Description of Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 (6) 10.1 Form of Agreement of Limited Partnership of Douglas Emmett Properties, LP. 
 (5) 10.2 Registration Rights Agreement among Douglas Emmett, Inc. and the Initial Holders named therein. + 
 (7) 10.3 Form of Indemnification Agreement between Douglas Emmett, Inc. and its directors and officers. + 
 (8) 10.4 Douglas Emmett, Inc. 2016 Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan. + 
 (9) 10.5 Form of Douglas Emmett Properties, LP Partnership Unit Designation 2016 LTIP Units. + 
 (10) 10.6 Form of Douglas Emmett, Inc. 2016 Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan LTIP Unit Award Agreement. + 
 (11) 10.7 Employment agreement dated January 1, 2019 between Douglas Emmett, Inc., Douglas Emmett Properties, LP and Jordan L. Kaplan. + 
 (12) 10.8 Employment agreement dated January 1, 2019 between Douglas Emmett, Inc., Douglas Emmett Properties, LP and Kenneth Panzer. + 
 (12) 10.9 Employment agreement dated January 1, 2019 between Douglas Emmett, Inc., Douglas Emmett Properties, LP and Kevin A. Crummy. + 
 (12) 21.1 List of Subsidiaries of the Registrant. 
 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 31.1 Certificate of CEO pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certificate of CFO pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 Certificate of CEO pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 (13) 32.2 Certificate of CFO pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 (13) 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the interactive data file because its XBRL tags are embedded within the inline XBRL document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) Filed with this Annual Report on Form 10-K . + Denotes management contract or compensatory plan, contract or arrangement. (1) Filed with Amendment No. 6 to Form S-11 on October 19, 2006 and incorporated herein by this reference. (File number 333-135082) (2) Filed with Form 8-K on September 6, 2013 and incorporated herein by this reference. (File number 001-33106) (3) Filed with Form 8-K on October 30, 2006 and incorporated herein by this reference. (File number 001-33106) (4) Filed with Form 8-K on April 9, 2018 and incorporated herein by this reference. (File number 001-33106) 
 59 

Table of Contents 
 Douglas Emmett, Inc. 
 Exhibits (continued) 

(5) Filed with Amendment No. 3 to Form S-11 on October 3, 2006 and incorporated herein by this reference. (File number 333-135082) (6) Filed with Form 10-K on February 18, 2022 and incorporated herein by this reference. (File number 001-33106) (7) Filed with Form S-11 on June 16, 2006 and incorporated herein by this reference. (File number 333-135082) (8) Filed with Amendment No. 2 to Form S-11 on September 20, 2006 and incorporated herein by this reference. (File number 333-135082) (9) Filed with Definitive Proxy Statement on April 17, 2020 and incorporated herein by this reference. (File number 001-33106) (10) Filed with Form 8-K on December 12, 2016 and incorporated herein by this reference. (File number 001-33106) (11) Filed with Form 10-K on February 18, 2022 and incorporated herein by this reference. (File number 001-33106) (12) Filed with Form 8-K on December 24, 2018 and incorporated herein by this reference. (File number 001-33106) (13) In accordance with SEC Release No. 33-8212, these exhibits are being furnished, and are not being filed as part of this Report on Form 10-K or as a separate disclosure document, and are not being incorporated by reference into any Securities Act registration statement. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 
 None. 
 60 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 DOUGLAS EMMETT, INC. Dated: By: /s/ JORDAN L. KAPLAN February 17, 2023 Jordan L. Kaplan President and CEO 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed by the persons below, in their respective capacities, on behalf of the registrant as of February 17, 2023. 
 
 Signature Title /s/ JORDAN L. KAPLAN Jordan L. Kaplan President, CEO and Director (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ PETER D. SEYMOUR Peter D. Seymour CFO (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) /s/ DAN A. EMMETT Dan A. Emmett Chairman of the Board /s/ KENNETH M. PANZER Kenneth M. Panzer COO and Director /s/ LESLIE E. BIDER Leslie E. Bider Director /s/ DORENE C. DOMINGUEZ Dorene C. Dominguez Director /s/ DR. DAVID T. FEINBERG Dr. David T. Feinberg Director /s/ RAY C. LEONARD Ray C. Leonard Director /s/ VIRGINIA A. MCFERRAN Virginia A. McFerran Director /s/ THOMAS E. O HERN Thomas E. O Hern Director /s/ WILLIAM E. SIMON, JR. William E. Simon, Jr. Director /s/ SHIRLEY WANG Shirley Wang Director 
 61 

Table of Contents 

Report of Management on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 The management of Douglas Emmett, Inc. is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 
 Our system of internal control is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and preparation of our financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with US GAAP. Our management, including the undersigned CEO and CFO, assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In conducting its assessment, management used the criteria issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission on Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013 Framework). Based on this assessment, management concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting was effective based on those criteria. 
 
 Management, including our CEO and CFO, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures, or our internal controls will prevent all error and fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and the benefit of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. 
 
 The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, has been audited by Ernst Young LLP, the independent registered public accounting firm that audited the consolidated financial statements included in this annual report, as stated in their report appearing on page F-2 , which expresses an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 
 /s/ JORDAN L. KAPLAN Jordan L. Kaplan President and CEO /s/ PETER D. SEYMOUR Peter D. Seymour CFO 
 
 February 17, 2023 

F- 1 

Table of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Douglas Emmett, Inc. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Douglas Emmett, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 and the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a) (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework), and our report dated February 17, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 
 Purchase price accounting 
 Description of the Matter 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company acquired 1221 Ocean Avenue, a multifamily apartment building in Santa Monica, through a new joint venture that the Company manages and owns a controlling 55 interest. As explained in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the transaction was accounted for as an asset acquisition, and as such, is recorded at the price to acquire the real estate property, including acquisition costs. The purchase price is allocated to land, buildings and improvements, and identifiable intangible assets such as in-place at-market leases and acquired below-market tenant leases liabilities, based upon the relative fair value of the acquired assets and liabilities. The fair values of the acquired assets and liabilities were determined by the Company utilizing the sales comparison approach as it relates to land and the income approach which utilized discounted cash flows as it relates the other acquired assets and liabilities. Both approaches used market information available to the Company as inputs. 

F- 2 

Table of Contents 

Auditing the Company s accounting for its acquisition was complex due to the significant estimation required by management in determining the fair value assigned to the acquired land, buildings and improvements, and intangible lease assets and liabilities. The significant estimation was primarily due to the judgmental nature of the inputs to the valuation models used to measure the fair value of the assets and liabilities as well as the sensitivity of the respective fair values to changes in the significant underlying assumptions. The more significant assumptions utilized included comparable land sales, rental rates, revenue growth rates, discount rates, and capitalization rates. These significant assumptions are forward-looking and could be affected by future economic and market conditions. 
 
 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over management s accounting for the property acquisition, including controls over the Company s review of the assumptions underlying the purchase price allocation, the cash flow projections and the accuracy of the underlying data used. For example, we tested controls over the review of the valuation models and the underlying assumptions used to develop such estimates. 
 For the Company s property acquisition, we read the transaction agreement, and evaluated whether the Company had appropriately determined whether the transaction was accounted for as a business combination or asset acquisition. We also evaluated the significant assumptions and methods used in developing the fair value estimates of the tangible assets and intangible lease assets and liabilities. To test the estimated fair value of the land, building and intangible lease assets and liabilities, we performed audit procedures that included, among other procedures, evaluating the Company s use of the sales comparison and income approaches and testing the significant assumptions used in the discounted cash flow model, and testing the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data supporting the significant assumptions and estimates. For example, we agreed the contractual rents used in the cash flow projections to in-place tenant leases on a sample basis and evaluated the property operating expenses for reasonableness. We involved our valuation specialists to assist in evaluating the methodologies utilized by the Company as compared to standard valuation practices, performing procedures to corroborate the reasonableness of the significant assumptions utilized in developing the fair value estimates of the acquired land, building, and intangible lease assets and liabilities. For example, our valuation specialists (i) used independently identified data sources to evaluate the appropriateness of management s selected comparable land sales, and (ii) obtained market specific information (i.e., revenue growth rates, discount rates, market rental rates and capitalization rates) and compared it to the market information utilized by the Company. 
 Impairment of investment in real estate Description of the Matter The Company s net investment in real estate totaled 9.0 billion as of December 31, 2022. As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company assesses on a periodic basis whether there has been any impairment in the carrying value of its properties, and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of a property may not be recoverable. When indicators of impairment are present for a property, management calculates the future undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated by the property and compares it to the property s carrying value to determine whether an impairment occurred. 
 Auditing the Company s evaluation of whether its real estate assets are recoverable was complex and involved a high degree of subjectivity in evaluating management s assumptions in estimating the future cash flows as they are based on assumptions about future market and economic conditions. The estimation required in the undiscounted future cash flow assumptions includes management s assumptions regarding future occupancy, rental revenues and operating costs. 
 
 F- 3 

Table of Contents 

How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Company s real estate asset impairment assessment process. For example, we tested controls over management s process for estimating and evaluating the assumptions used in the future undiscounted cash flow projections for the properties where impairment indicators existed. For properties with identified indicators of impairment, we performed audit procedures over the Company s estimation of the properties undiscounted future cash flows. For example, we compared the significant assumptions used to estimate future cash flows to the Company s historical accounting records or to available market data. We also tested the mathematical accuracy of management s forecasted cash flows. Additionally, for certain assumptions, we performed sensitivity analyses to evaluate the changes in the undiscounted cash flows of the properties that would result from changes in the assumptions. 
 
 /s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 1995. 
 Los Angeles, California 
 February 17, 2023 
 F- 4 

Table of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Douglas Emmett, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited Douglas Emmett, Inc. s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Douglas Emmett, Inc. (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of Douglas Emmett, Inc. as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 and the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a), and our report dated February 17, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Report of Management on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 Los Angeles, California 
 February 17, 2023 
 F- 5 

Table of Contents 
 Douglas Emmett, Inc. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (In thousands, except share data) 

December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Assets Investment in real estate, gross Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Investment in real estate, net Ground lease right-of-use asset Cash and cash equivalents Tenant receivables Deferred rent receivables Acquired lease intangible assets, net Interest rate contract assets Investment in unconsolidated Fund Other assets Total Assets Liabilities Secured notes payable and revolving credit facility, net Ground lease liability Interest payable, accounts payable and deferred revenue Security deposits Acquired lease intangible liabilities, net Interest rate contract liabilities Dividends payable Total Liabilities Equity Douglas Emmett, Inc. stockholders' equity: Common Stock, par value, authorized, and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) Accumulated deficit ) ) Total Douglas Emmett, Inc. stockholders' equity Noncontrolling interests Total Equity Total Liabilities and Equity 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 F- 6 

Table of Contents 
 Douglas Emmett, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Revenues Office rental Rental revenues and tenant recoveries Parking and other income Total office revenues Multifamily rental Rental revenues Parking and other income Total multifamily revenues Total revenues Operating Expenses Office expenses Multifamily expenses General and administrative expenses Depreciation and amortization Total operating expenses Other income Other expenses ) ) ) Income from unconsolidated Fund Interest expense ) ) ) Gain on sale of investment in real estate Net income Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests Net income attributable to common stockholders Net income per common share basic and diluted 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

Table of Contents 
 Douglas Emmett, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 (In thousands) 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss): cash flow hedges ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) Comprehensive (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to common stockholders ) 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 8 

Table of Contents 
 Douglas Emmett, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity 
 (In thousands, except dividend per share data) 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Shares of Common Stock Beginning balance Exchange of OP Units for common stock Ending balance Common Stock Beginning balance Exchange of OP Units for common stock Ending balance Additional Paid-in Capital Beginning balance Exchange of OP Units for common stock Repurchase of OP Units with cash ) ) ) Ending balance Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Beginning balance ) ) ) Cash flow hedge adjustments ) Ending balance ) ) Accumulated Deficit Beginning balance ) ) ) Net income attributable to common stockholders Dividends ) ) ) Ending balance ) ) ) Noncontrolling Interests Beginning balance Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Cash flow hedge adjustments ) Contributions Distributions ) ) ) Exchange of OP Units for common stock ) ) ) Repurchase of OP Units with cash ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Ending balance Statement continues on the following page. 
 F- 9 

Table of Contents 
 Douglas Emmett, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity 
 (In thousands, except dividend per share data) 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Total Equity Beginning balance Net income Cash flow hedge adjustments ) Repurchase of OP Units with cash ) ) ) Contributions Dividends ) ) ) Distributions ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Ending balance Dividends declared per common share 
 
 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 10 

Table of Contents 
 Douglas Emmett, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (In thousands) 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Operating Activities Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Income from unconsolidated Fund ) ) ) Gain from insurance recoveries for damage to real estate ) Gain on sale of investment in real estate ) Depreciation and amortization Net accretion of acquired lease intangibles ) ) ) Straight-line rent Loan premium amortized and written off ) ) ) Deferred loan costs amortized and written off Amortization of stock-based compensation Operating distributions from unconsolidated Fund Change in working capital components: Tenant receivables ) Interest payable, accounts payable and deferred revenue ) ) Security deposits ) ) Other assets ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Investing Activities Capital expenditures for improvements to real estate ) ) ) Capital expenditures for developments ) ) ) Insurance recoveries for damage to real estate Property acquisition ) Proceeds from sale of investment in real estate, net Acquisition of additional interests in unconsolidated Fund ) Capital distributions from unconsolidated Fund Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Financing Activities Proceeds from borrowings Repayment of borrowings ) ) ) Loan cost payments ) ) ) Purchase of interest rate caps ) Proceeds from sale of interest rate cap Contributions from noncontrolling interests in consolidated JVs Distributions paid to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Dividends paid to common stockholders ) ) ) Repurchase of OP Units ) ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) ) (Decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash - beginning balance Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash - ending balance Reconciliation of Ending Cash Balance Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash 

Supplemental Cash Flows Information 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash paid for interest, net of capitalized interest Capitalized interest paid Non-cash Investing Transactions Accrual for real estate and development capital expenditures Capitalized stock-based compensation for improvements to real estate and developments Removal of fully depreciated and amortized buildings, building improvements, tenant improvements and lease intangibles Removal of fully amortized acquired lease intangible assets Removal of fully accreted acquired lease intangible liabilities Non-cash Financing Transactions Gain (loss) recorded in AOCI - consolidated derivatives ) Gain (loss) recorded in AOCI - unconsolidated Fund's derivatives (our share) ) Dividends declared Exchange of OP Units for common stock 
 
 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 11 

Table of Contents 
 Douglas Emmett, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

1. 
 
 million square foot office portfolio, (ii) multifamily apartment units and (iii) fee interests in parcels of land from which we receive rent under ground leases. We also manage and own an equity interest in an unconsolidated Fund which, at December 31, 2022, owned an additional million square feet of office space. We manage our unconsolidated Fund alongside our Consolidated Portfolio, and we therefore present the statistics for our office portfolio on a Total Portfolio basis. As of December 31, 2022, our portfolio consisted of the following (including ancillary retail space and excluding parcels of land from which we receive rent under ground leases): 
 
 Consolidated JV properties Unconsolidated Fund properties Multifamily Wholly-owned properties Consolidated JV properties Total 
 
 Basis of Presentation 
 
 The accompanying consolidated financial statements are the consolidated financial statements of Douglas Emmett, Inc. and its subsidiaries, including our Operating Partnership and our consolidated JVs. All significant intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 We consolidate entities in which we are considered to be the primary beneficiary of a VIE or have a majority of the voting interest of the entity. We are deemed to be the primary beneficiary of a VIE when we have (i) the power to direct the activities of that VIE that most significantly impact its economic performance, and (ii) the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits that could potentially be significant to the VIE. We do not consolidate entities in which the other parties have substantive kick-out rights to remove our power to direct the activities, most significantly impacting the economic performance, of that VIE. In determining whether we are the primary beneficiary, we consider factors such as ownership interest, management representation, authority to control decisions, and contractual and substantive participating rights of each party. 
 
 We consolidate our Operating Partnership through which we conduct substantially all of our business, and own, directly and through subsidiaries, substantially all of our assets, and are obligated to repay substantially all of our liabilities. The consolidated debt, excluding our consolidated JVs, was billion, as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. See Note 8. We also consolidate JVs through our Operating Partnership. See Note 3 for more information regarding our JV transactions. We consolidate our Operating Partnership and our JVs because they are VIEs and we or our Operating Partnership are the primary beneficiary for each. 
 F- 12 

Table of Contents 
 Douglas Emmett, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

billion (of which billion related to investment in real estate), and 
 aggregate consolidated liabilities of billion (of which billion related to debt). 
 
 As of December 31, 2021, our consolidated VIE entities, excluding our Operating Partnership, had: 
 aggregate consolidated assets of billion (of which billion related to investment in real estate), and 
 aggregate consolidated liabilities of billion (of which billion related to debt). 
 
 The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC in conformity with US GAAP as established by the FASB in the ASC. The accompanying consolidated financial statements include, in our opinion, all adjustments, consisting of normal recurring adjustments, necessary to present fairly the financial information set forth therein. Any references to the number or class of properties, square footage, per square footage amounts, apartment units and geography, are unaudited and outside the scope of our independent registered public accounting firm s audit of our consolidated financial statements in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. 

2. 

Investment in Real Estate 

F- 13 

Table of Contents 
 Douglas Emmett, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

for buildings and for improvements. 
 Tenant improvements are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the life of the related lease, with any remaining balance depreciated in the period of any early lease termination. 
 Acquired in-place leases are amortized on a straight-line basis over the weighted average remaining term of the acquired in-place leases. 
 Acquired lease intangibles are amortized on a straight-line basis over the related lease term, with any remaining balance amortized in the period of any early lease termination. 
 Acquired above- and below-market tenant leases are amortized/accreted on a straight line basis over the life of the related lease and recorded as either an increase (for below-market leases) or a decrease (for above-market leases) to rental revenue. 
 Acquired above- and below-market ground leases, from which we earn ground rent income, are amortized/accreted on a straight line basis over the life of the related lease and recorded either as an increase (for below-market leases) or a decrease (for above-market leases) to rental revenue. 
 Acquired above- and below-market ground leases, for which we incur ground rent expense, are accreted/ amortized over the life of the related lease and recorded either as an increase (for below-market leases) or a decrease (for above-market leases) to expense. 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we did not have any properties held for sale. 

During 2022, 2021 and 2020, we capitalized million, million and million of costs related to our developments, respectively, which included million, million and million of capitalized interest, respectively. 

See Note 4 for more information regarding this ground lease. See Note 14 for the fair value disclosures related to the ground lease liability. 

F- 14 

Table of Contents 
 Douglas Emmett, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

unconsolidated Fund. See Note 6. We account for our investment in our unconsolidated Fund using the equity method because we have significant influence but not control over the Fund. Under the equity method, we initially recorded our investment in our Fund at cost, which includes acquisition basis difference and additional basis for capital raising costs, and subsequently adjust the investment balance for: (i) our share of the Fund's net income or losses, (ii) our share of the Fund's other comprehensive income or losses, (iii) our cash contributions to the Fund and (iv) our distributions received from the Fund. If we sell our interest in the Fund, or if the Fund qualifies for consolidation, we would remove our investment in our unconsolidated Fund from our consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the total investment basis difference included in our investment balance in our unconsolidated Fund was million and million, respectively. Our share of the net income or losses from our Fund is included in Income from unconsolidated Fund in our consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 We periodically assess whether there has been any impairment that is other than temporary in our investment in our unconsolidated Fund. An impairment charge would be recorded if events or changes in circumstances indicate that a decline in the fair value below the carrying value has occurred and the decline is other-than-temporary. Based upon such periodic assessments, impairments occurred during 2022, 2021 or 2020. 

Based upon such periodic assessments, impairments occurred during 2022, 2021 or 2020. 

F- 15 

Table of Contents 
 Douglas Emmett, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

million, million and million during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Tenant Improvements 
 
 Tenant improvements constructed, and owned by us, and reimbursed by tenants are recorded as our assets, and the related revenue, which are included in Rental revenues and tenant recoveries in our consolidated statements of operations, is recognized over the related lease term. We recognized revenue for reimbursement of tenant improvements of million, million and million during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Collectibility 
 
 In accordance with Topic 842, we perform an assessment as to whether or not substantially all of the amounts due under a tenant s lease agreement is deemed probable of collection. This assessment involves using a methodology that requires judgment and estimates about matters that are uncertain at the time the estimates are made, including tenant specific factors, specific industry conditions, and general economic trends and conditions. 
 
 For leases where we have concluded it is probable that we will collect substantially all the lease payments due under those leases, we continue to record lease income on a straight-line basis over the lease term. For leases where we have concluded that it is not probable that we will collect substantially all the lease payments due under those leases, we limit the lease income to the lesser of the income recognized on a straight-line basis or cash basis. If our conclusion of collectibility changes, we will record the difference between the lease income that would have been recognized on a straight-line basis and cash basis as a current-period adjustment to rental revenues and tenant recoveries. We write-off tenant receivables and deferred rent receivables as a charge against rental revenues and tenant recoveries in the period we conclude that substantially all of the lease payments are not probable of collection. Charges for uncollectible tenant receivables and deferred rent receivables, which were primarily due to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, reduced our office revenues by million, million, and million in 2022, 2021, and 2020 respectively. 
 
 If we subsequently collect amounts that were previously written off then the amounts collected are recorded as an increase to our rental revenues and tenant recoveries in the period they are collected. We restored accrual basis accounting for certain office tenants that were previously determined to be uncollectible and accounted for on a cash basis of accounting, which increased our office revenues by million in 2022. 
 
 Lease Modifications 
 
 In April 2020, the FASB staff issued a question and answer document (the Lease Modification Q A on the application of lease accounting guidance to lease concessions provided as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. Under the existing lease accounting guidance, we would be required to determine on a lease-by-lease basis if a lease concession was the result of a new arrangement reached with the tenant (treated within the lease modification accounting framework) or if a lease concession was under the enforceable rights and obligations within the existing lease agreement (precluded from applying the lease modification accounting framework). The Lease Modification Q A allows us, if certain criteria are met, to bypass the lease-by-lease analysis, and instead elect to either apply the lease modification accounting framework or not, with such election applied consistently to leases with similar characteristics and similar circumstances. We have availed ourselves of the election to avoid performing a lease-by-lease analysis and we have elected to apply the lease modification accounting framework for the lease concessions that meet the criteria. 
 
 F- 16 

Table of Contents 
 Douglas Emmett, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Office parking receivables were million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and are included in Tenant receivables on our consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 million, million, and million of business interruption revenues during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, which is included in Multifamily rental - Parking and other income in our consolidated statements of operations. In addition, we recorded a gain related to property damage of million during 2020, which is included in Other income in our consolidated statements of operations. 

F- 17 

Table of Contents 
 Douglas Emmett, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

See Note 8 for our loan cost disclosures. 

See Note 10 for our derivative disclosures. 

See Note 13 for our stock-based compensation disclosures. 
 
 F- 18 

Table of Contents 
 Douglas Emmett, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

See Note 12 for our EPS disclosures. 

business segments: the acquisition, development, ownership and management of office real estate, and the acquisition, development, ownership and management of multifamily real estate. The services for our office segment include primarily rental of office space and other tenant services, including parking and storage space rental. The services for our multifamily segment include primarily rental of apartments and other tenant services, including parking and storage space rental. See Note 15 for our segment disclosures. 
 
 TRSs in 2020. Our TRSs did not have significant tax provisions or deferred income tax items for 2022, 2021 or 2020. Our subsidiaries (other than our TRS), including our Operating Partnership, are partnerships, disregarded entities, QRSs or REITs, as applicable, for federal income tax purposes. Under applicable federal and state income tax rules, the allocated share of net income or loss from disregarded entities or flow-through entities is reportable in the income tax returns of the respective owners. Accordingly, no income tax provision is included in our consolidated financial statements for these entities. 

F- 19 

Table of Contents 
 Douglas Emmett, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

3. 
 
 Buildings and improvements (1) 
 Tenant improvements and lease intangibles Property under development (1) 
 Investment in real estate, gross 
 __________________________________________________________________________________ 
 million and million, respectively. During 2021, Property under development balances transferred to Building and improvements for real estate placed into service were million. 
 
 2022 Property Acquisition 
 
 Acquisition of 1221 Ocean Avenue 
 
 On April 26, 2022, we paid million, excluding acquisition costs, to acquire a luxury multifamily apartment building with units, located at 1221 Ocean Avenue in Santa Monica. We acquired the property through a new consolidated JV that we manage and in which we own a interest. We accounted for the acquisition as an asset acquisition and the acquired property's operating results are included in our consolidated operating results from the date of acquisition. The table below summarizes the purchase price allocation for the acquisition. 
 
 Buildings and improvements Tenant improvements and lease intangibles Acquired below-market leases ) Other liabilities assumed ) Net assets and liabilities acquired 

2020 Property Disposition 
 
 In December 2020, we closed on the sale of an square foot office property in Honolulu for a contract price of million in cash, resulting in a gain of million after transaction costs. The property sold was held by one of our consolidated JVs in which we owned a two-thirds capital interest. The JV was subsequently dissolved prior to December 31, 2020. 
 F- 20 

Table of Contents 
 Douglas Emmett, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

4. 
 
 thousand per year until February 28, 2029, after which it will reset to the greater of the existing ground rent or the market rent at that time. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the ground lease right-of-use asset carrying value was million, and the ground lease liability was million. Ground rent expense, which is included in Office expenses in our consolidated statements of operations, was thousand during 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 thousand per year after February 28, 2029, presents the future minimum ground lease payments as of December 31, 2022: 
 
 Year ending December 31: (In thousands) 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total future minimum lease payments 
 
 F- 21 

Table of Contents 
 Douglas Emmett, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

5. 
 
 Above-market tenant leases - accumulated amortization ) ) Above-market ground lease where we are the lessor Above-market ground lease - accumulated amortization ) ) Acquired lease intangible assets, net Below-market tenant leases Below-market tenant leases - accumulated accretion ) ) Acquired lease intangible liabilities, net 

Impact on the Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 
 Amortization of an above-market ground lease asset (2) 
 ) ) ) Total 
 _______________________________________________________________________________________ 
 (1) Recorded as a net increase to office and multifamily rental revenues. 
 (2) Recorded as a decrease to office parking and other income. 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter ) Total 
 F- 22 

Table of Contents 
 Douglas Emmett, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

6. 
 
 in an unconsolidated Fund, Partnership X, through which we and other investors in the Fund owned office properties totaling million square feet. We purchased an additional interest of in Partnership X for million during 2020. 
 
 Partnership X pays us fees and reimburses us for certain expenses related to property management and other services we provide, which are included in Other income in our consolidated statements of operations. We also receive distributions based on invested capital and on any profits that exceed certain specified cash returns to the investors. 
 Capital distributions received Total distributions received 

Summarized Financial Information for Partnership X 
 
 (not our pro-rata share) of amounts related to the Fund, and are based upon historical book value: 
 
 Total liabilities Total equity 

Year Ended December 31, (In thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Total revenues Operating income Net income 

7. 
 
 Prepaid expenses Indefinite-lived intangibles Furniture, fixtures and equipment, net Other Total other assets 
 F- 23 

Table of Contents 
 Douglas Emmett, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

8. 
 LIBOR + 
 Fannie Mae loan (3) 
 LIBOR + 
 Term loan (3) 
 LIBOR + 
 Term loan (3) 
 LIBOR + 
 Term loan (3) 
 LIBOR + 
 Term loan (3) 
 LIBOR + 
 Fannie Mae loan (3)(4) 
 LIBOR + 
 N/A N/A Term loan (3) 
 LIBOR + 
 Term loan (3)(5) 
 SOFR + 
 Fannie Mae loan (3) 
 LIBOR + 
 Fannie Mae loan (3) 
 LIBOR + 
 Term loan (6) 
 N/A N/A Revolving credit facility (7) 
 LIBOR + 
 N/A N/A Total Wholly-Owned Subsidiary Debt Consolidated JVs Term loan (3) 
 LIBOR + 
 Term loan (3)(8) 
 LIBOR + 
 Term loan (3) 
 LIBOR + 
 Term loan (3)(9) 
 SOFR + 
 Fannie Mae loan (3) 
 LIBOR + 
 Total Consolidated Debt (10) 
 Unamortized loan premium, net (11) 
 Unamortized deferred loan costs, net (12) 
 ) ) Total Consolidated Debt, net 
 _____________________________________________________ 
 Except as noted below, our loans and revolving credit facility: (i) are non-recourse, (ii) are secured by separate collateral pools consisting of or more properties, (iii) require interest-only monthly payments with the outstanding principal due upon maturity, and (iv) contain certain financial covenants which could require us to deposit excess cash flow with the lender under certain circumstances unless we (at our option) either provide a guarantee or additional collateral or pay down the loan within certain parameters set forth in the loan documents. Certain loans with maturity date extension options require us to meet minimum financial thresholds in order to extend the loan maturity date. 
 (1) Maturity dates include extension options. 
 (2) Effective rate as of December 31, 2022. Includes the effect of interest rate swaps, and excludes the effect of prepaid loan fees and loan premiums. See Note 10 for details of our interest rate swaps. See further below for details of our loan costs and loan premiums. 
 (3) The loan agreement includes a -percent LIBOR or SOFR floor. If the loan is swap-fixed then the related swaps do not include such a floor. 
 (4) The swaps expired on June 1, 2022. 
 (5) The effective rate decreased from to on January 1, 2022 when a new swap replaced old swaps that expired. 
 (6) The loan requires monthly payments of principal and interest. Principal amortization is based upon a -year amortization schedule. 
 (7) million revolving credit facility. Unused commitment fees range from to . The facility has a -percent LIBOR floor. 
 (8) The effective rate decreased from to on July 1, 2022 when existing swaps were upsized to replace swaps that expired. 
 (9) We closed this loan during the second quarter of 2022 in connection with the acquisition of a residential property, see Note 3. 
 (10) The table does not include our unconsolidated Fund's loan - see Note 17. See Note 14 for our debt fair value disclosures. 
 (11) Balances are net of accumulated amortization of million and million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 (12) Balances are net of accumulated amortization of million and million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 F- 24 

Table of Contents 
 Douglas Emmett, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

Aggregate fixed rate loans Aggregate floating rate loans Total Debt 

The table below summarizes certain consolidated debt statistics as of December 31, 2022: 
 
 Statistics for consolidated loans with interest fixed under the terms of the loan or a swap Principal balance (in billions) Weighted average remaining life (including extension options) years Weighted average remaining fixed interest period years Weighted average annual interest rate 

Future Principal Payments 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total future principal payments 
 ____________________________________________ 
 (1) Some of our loan agreements require that we meet certain minimum financial thresholds to be able to extend the loan maturity. 
 
 F- 25 

Table of Contents 
 Douglas Emmett, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

) ) Deferred loan costs amortized and written off Loan costs expensed Total 

9. 
 
 Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Deferred revenue Total interest payable, accounts payable and deferred revenue 

10. 
 
 Unconsolidated Fund's derivatives - swaps (2)(3)(5) 
 Derivatives Not Designated as Cash Flow Hedges: Consolidated derivatives - caps (3)(4)(5) 
 
 ___________________________________________________ 
 (1) The notional amount includes , not our pro-rata share, of our consolidated JVs' derivatives. 
 (2) The notional amount reflects , not our pro-rata share, of our unconsolidated Fund's derivatives. For more information about our Fund, including our equity interest percentage, see Note 6 . 
 (3) Our derivative contracts do not provide for right of offset between derivative contracts. 
 (4) Includes interest rate caps purchased with a notional amount of million and interest rate cap sold with a notional amount of million. 
 (5) See Note 14 for our derivative fair value disclosures. 
 
 F- 26 

Table of Contents 
 Douglas Emmett, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

Unconsolidated Fund's derivatives (3) 
 
 ___________________________________________________ 
 (1) The amounts include , not our pro-rata share, of our consolidated JVs' derivatives. 
 (2) We did not have any consolidated swaps in a liability position as of December 31, 2022. 
 (3) Our unconsolidated Fund did not have any swaps in a liability position for the periods presented. For more information about our Fund, including our equity interest percentage, see Note 6. 

Counterparty Credit Risk 
 
 We are subject to credit risk from the counterparties on our interest rate swap and cap contract assets because we do not receive collateral. We seek to minimize that risk by entering into agreements with a variety of counterparties with investment grade ratings. 
 
 Unconsolidated Fund's derivatives (2) 
 
 ___________________________________________________ 
 (1) The amounts include , not our pro-rata share, of our consolidated JVs' derivatives. 
 (2) The amounts reflect , not our pro-rata share, of our unconsolidated Fund's derivatives. For more information about our Fund, including our equity interest percentage, see Note 6. 
 F- 27 

Table of Contents 
 Douglas Emmett, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

) (Gains) losses reclassified from AOCI to Interest Expense (1) 
 ) Interest Expense presented in the consolidated statements of operations ) ) ) Unconsolidated Fund's derivatives (our share) (2) : 
 Gains (losses) recorded in AOCI before reclassifications (1) 
 ) (Gains) losses reclassified from AOCI to Income from unconsolidated Fund (1) 
 ) Income from unconsolidated Fund presented in the consolidated statements of operations Derivatives Not Designated as Cash Flow Hedges: Consolidated derivatives: Loss recorded as interest expense 
 __________________________________________________ 
 (1) See Note 11 for our AOCI reconciliation. 
 (2) We calculate our share by multiplying the total amount for the Fund by our equity interest in the Fund. For more information about our Fund, including our equity interest percentage, see Note 6. 

Future Reclassifications from AOCI 
 
 Unconsolidated Fund's derivatives (our share) (1) : 
 Gains to be reclassified from AOCI to Income from unconsolidated Fund 
 ______________________________________________ 
 (1) We calculate our share by multiplying the total amount for our Fund by our equity interest in the Fund. For more information about our Fund, including our equity interest percentage, see Note 6. 
 F- 28 

Table of Contents 
 Douglas Emmett, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

11. 
 
 thousand OP Units in exchange for issuing an equal number of shares of our common stock to the holders of the OP Units. 
 We acquired thousand OP Units for thousand in cash. 
 We acquired a multifamily apartment building through a new consolidated JV that we manage and in which we own a interest. See Note 3 for more information regarding the property we purchased. We contributed million to the JV and an outside investor contributed million to the JV. 
 
 During 2021: 
 
 We acquired thousand OP Units in exchange for issuing an equal number of shares of our common stock to the holders of the OP Units. 
 We acquired thousand OP Units for thousand in cash. 
 
 During 2020: 
 
 We acquired thousand OP Units in exchange for issuing an equal number of shares of our common stock to the holders of the OP Units. 
 We acquired OP Units for thousand in cash. 

Noncontrolling Interests 
 
 Our noncontrolling interests consist of interests in our Operating Partnership and consolidated JVs which are not owned by us. As of December 31, 2022, noncontrolling interests in our Operating Partnership owned million OP Units and fully-vested LTIP Units, which represented approximately of our Operating Partnership's total outstanding interests, and we owned million OP Units (to match our million shares of outstanding common stock). 
 
 A share of our common stock, an OP Unit and an LTIP Unit (once vested and booked up) have essentially the same economic characteristics, sharing equally in the distributions from our Operating Partnership. Investors who own OP Units have the right to cause our Operating Partnership to acquire their OP Units for an amount of cash per unit equal to the market value of share of our common stock at the date of acquisition, or, at our election, exchange their OP Units for shares of our common stock on a -for-one b asis. LTIP Units have been granted to our employees and non-employee directors as part of their compensation. These awards generally vest over a service period and once vested can generally be converted to OP Units provided our stock price increases by more than a specified hurdle. 
 
 F- 29 

Table of Contents 
 Douglas Emmett, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

Transfers from noncontrolling interests: Exchange of OP Units with noncontrolling interests Repurchase of OP Units from noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Net transfers from noncontrolling interests Change from net income attributable to common stockholders and transfers from noncontrolling interests 

AOCI Reconciliation (1) ) ) Consolidated derivatives: Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) Reclassification of (gains) losses from AOCI to Interest Expense ) Unconsolidated Fund's derivatives (our share) (2) : 
 Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) Reclassification of (gains) losses from AOCI to Income from unconsolidated Fund ) Net current period OCI ) OCI attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) OCI attributable to common stockholders ) Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) - Ending balance ) ) 
 __________________________________________________ 
 (1) See Note 10 for the details of our derivatives and Note 14 for our derivative fair value disclosures. 

F- 30 

Table of Contents 
 Douglas Emmett, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

Total / Weighted Average 

12. 
 
 Allocation to participating securities: Unvested LTIP Units ) ) ) Net income attributable to common stockholders - basic and diluted Denominator (In thousands): Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding - basic and diluted (1) 
 Net income per common share - basic and diluted 
 ____________________________________________________ 
 (1) Outstanding OP Units and vested LTIP Units are not included in the denominator in calculating diluted EPS, even though they may be exchanged under certain conditions for common stock on a -for-one basis, because their associated net income (equal on a per unit basis to the Net income per common share - diluted) was already deducted in calculating Net income attributable to common stockholders. Accordingly, any exchange would not have any effect on diluted EPS. The table below presents the weighted average OP Units and vested LTIP Units outstanding for the respective periods: 
 
 Year Ended December 31, (In thousands) 2022 2021 2020 OP Units Vested LTIP Units 

F- 31 

Table of Contents 
 Douglas Emmett, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

13. 
 
 million. We had an aggregate of million shares available for grant as of December 31, 2022. Awards such as LTIP Units, deferred stock and restricted stock, which deliver the full value of the underlying shares, are counted against the Plan limits as shares. Awards such as stock options and stock appreciation rights are counted as share. The number of shares reserved under our 2016 Plan is also subject to adjustment in the event of a stock split, stock dividend or other change in our capitalization. Shares of stock underlying any awards that are forfeited, canceled or otherwise terminated (other than by exercise) are added back to the shares of stock available for future issuance under the 2016 Plan. For options exercised, our policy is to issue common stock on a net settlement basis - net of the exercise price and related taxes. 
 
 Plan administration 
 
 Our 2016 Plan is administered by the compensation committee of our board of directors. The compensation committee may interpret our Plan and make all determinations necessary or desirable for the administration of our Plan. The committee has full power and authority to select the participants to whom awards will be granted, to make any combination of awards to participants, to accelerate the exercisability or vesting of any award and to determine the specific terms and conditions of each award, subject to the provisions of our Plan. All officers, employees, directors and other key personnel (including consultants and prospective employees) are eligible to participate in our 2016 Plan. 
 
 LTIP Units 
 
 We have made certain awards in the form of a separate series of units of limited partnership interests in our Operating Partnership called LTIP Units, which can be granted either as free-standing awards or in tandem with other awards under our 2016 Plan. Our LTIP Units are valued by reference to the value of our common stock at the time of grant, and are subject to such conditions and restrictions as the compensation committee may determine, including continued employment or service, and/or achievement of pre-established performance goals, financial metrics and other objectives. Once vested, LTIP Units can generally be converted to OP Units on a for one basis, provided our stock price increases by more than a specified hurdle. 
 
 Employee Awards 
 
 We grant stock-based compensation in the form of LTIP Units as a part of our annual incentive compensation to various employees each year, a portion which vests at the date of grant, and the remainder which vests in equal annual installments over the calendar years following the grant date. Compensation expense for LTIP Units which are not vested at the grant date is recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period for each separately vesting portion of the award. We have also made long-term grants in the form of LTIP Units to certain employees, which generally vest in equal annual installments over four to five calendar years following the grant date, and some of these grants include a portion which vests at the date of grant. In aggregate, we granted million, million, and million LTIP Units to employees during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Non-Employee Director Awards 
 
 As annual fees for their services, each of our non-employee directors receives a grant of LTIP Units that vests on a quarterly basis during the year the services are rendered, which is the calendar year following the grant date. In aggregate, we granted thousand, thousand, and thousand LTIP Units to our non-employee directors during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

F- 32 

Table of Contents 
 Douglas Emmett, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

million, which will be recognized over a weighted-average term of years. 
 
 Capitalized stock-based compensation 

Stock-Based Award Activity 
 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Outstanding at December 31, 2020 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Outstanding at December 31, 2021 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 
 
 F- 33 

Table of Contents 
 Douglas Emmett, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

14. 

As of December 31, 2022, we did not have any fair value estimates of financial instruments using Level 3 inputs. 
 
 Financial instruments disclosed at fair value 
 
 Short term financial instruments 
 
 The carrying amounts for cash and cash equivalents, tenant receivables, revolving credit line, interest payable, accounts payable, security deposits and dividends payable approximate fair value because of the short-term nature of these instruments. 
 
 Secured notes payable 
 
 See Note 8 for the details of our secured notes payable. We estimate the fair value of our consolidated secured notes payable by calculating the credit-adjusted present value of the principal and interest payments for each secured note payable. The calculation incorporates observable market interest rates which we consider to be Level 2 inputs, assumes that the loans will be outstanding through maturity, and includes any maturity extension options. 
 
 Carrying value 

Ground lease liability 
 
 See Note 4 for the details of our ground lease. We estimate the fair value of our ground lease liability by calculating the present value of the future lease payments disclosed in Note 4 using our incremental borrowing rate. The calculation incorporates observable market interest rates which we consider to be Level 2 inputs. 
 
 Carrying value 

F- 34 

Table of Contents 
 Douglas Emmett, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

Fair value - unconsolidated Fund's derivatives (2) 
 Derivative Liabilities: Fair value - c onsolidated derivatives (1) 
 Fair value - unconsolidated Fund's derivatives (2) 
 
 ___________________________________________________________________________________ 
 (1) Consolidated derivatives, which include , not our pro-rata share, of our consolidated JVs' derivatives, are included in interest rate contracts on our consolidated balance sheets. The fair values exclude accrued interest which is included in interest payable on our consolidated balance sheets. 
 (2) The amounts reflect , not our pro-rata share, of our unconsolidated Fund's derivatives. Our pro-rata share of the amounts related to the unconsolidated Fund's derivatives is included in our Investment in unconsolidated Fund on our consolidated balance sheets. Our unconsolidated Fund did not have any derivatives in a liability position for the periods presented. See Note 6 for more information about our Fund, including our equity interest percentage, and see "Guarantees" in Note 17 regarding our Fund's derivatives. 
 F- 35 

Table of Contents 
 Douglas Emmett, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

15. 
 
 business segments: (i) the acquisition, development, ownership and management of office real estate and (ii) the acquisition, development, ownership and management of multifamily real estate. The services for our office segment primarily include rental of office space and other tenant services, including parking and storage space rental. The services for our multifamily segment include rental of apartments and other tenant services, including parking and storage space rental. Asset information by segment is not reported because we do not use this measure to assess performance or make decisions to allocate resources. Therefore, depreciation and amortization expense is not allocated among segments. General and administrative expenses and interest expense are not included in segment profit as our internal reporting addresses these items on a corporate level. 
 
 Office expenses ) ) ) Office segment profit Multifamily Segment Total multifamily revenues Multifamily expenses ) ) ) Multifamily segment profit Total profit from all segments 

General and administrative expenses ) ) ) Depreciation and amortization ) ) ) Other income Other expenses ) ) ) Income from unconsolidated Fund Interest expense ) ) ) Gain on sale of investment in real estate Net income Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests Net income attributable to common stockholders 
 F- 36 

Table of Contents 
 Douglas Emmett, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

16. 
 
 parcels of land from which we receive rent under ground leases. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total future minimum base rentals (1) 
 
 _____________________________________________________ 
 (1) Does not include (i) residential leases, which typically have a term of or less, (ii) holdover rent, (iii) other types of rent such as storage and antenna rent, (iv) tenant reimbursements, (v) straight line rent, (vi) amortization/accretion of acquired above/below-market lease intangibles, and (vii) percentage rents. The amounts assume that early termination options held by tenants will not be exercised. 

17. 
 
 F- 37 

Table of Contents 
 Douglas Emmett, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

buildings in our Consolidated Portfolio which contain asbestos, and would have to be removed in compliance with applicable environmental regulations if these properties are demolished or undergo major renovations. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the obligations to remove the asbestos from properties which are currently undergoing major renovations, or that we plan to renovate in the future, are not material to our consolidated financial statements. As of December 31, 2022, the obligations to remove the asbestos from our other properties have indeterminable settlement dates, and we are unable to reasonably estimate the fair value of the associated conditional asset retirement obligations. 
 
 Contractual Commitments 
 
 Development Projects 
 
 In downtown Honolulu, we are converting a 25 story, square foot office tower into approximately apartments in phases over a number of years as the office space is vacated. As of December 31, 2022, we had an aggregate remaining contractual commitment for this development project and other development projects of approximately million. 
 
 Other Contractual Commitments 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had an aggregate remaining contractual commitment for repositionings, capital expenditure projects and tenant improvements of approximately million. 
 
 Guarantees 
 
 Unconsolidated Fund Guarantees 
 
 Our unconsolidated Fund, Partnership X, has a million floating-rate term loan that matures on . Starting on October 1, 2021, the loan carries interest at LIBOR + (with a -percent LIBOR floor), which has been effectively fixed at until with interest rate swaps (which do not have -percent LIBOR floors). The loan is secured by properties held by Partnership X and is non-recourse. 
 
 We have made certain environmental and other limited indemnities and guarantees covering customary non-recourse carve-outs for Partnership X's loan, and we have also guaranteed the related swaps. Partnership X has agreed to indemnify us for any amounts that we would be required to pay under these agreements. As of December 31, 2022, assuming that LIBOR does not decrease below zero-percent, the maximum future interest payments for the swaps were million. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, all of the obligations under the related loan and swap agreements have been performed in accordance with the terms of those agreements. See Note 6 for more information regarding Partnership X. 
 
 F- 38 

Table of Contents 
 Douglas Emmett, Inc. 
 Schedule III - Consolidated Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation and Amortization 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 (In thousands) 

1968/2002/2019 1999 233 Wilshire 1975/2008-2009 2016 401 Wilshire 1981/2000/2020 1996 429 Santa Monica 1982/2016 2017 1132 Bishop Place ) 1992 2004 1299 Ocean 1980/2006/2020 2017 1901 Avenue of the Stars 1968/2001 2001 2001 Wilshire 1980/2013 2008 8383 Wilshire 1971/2009 2008 8484 Wilshire(1) 1972/2013 2013 9100 Wilshire 1971/2016 2008 9401 Wilshire 1971/2020 2017 9601 Wilshire 1962/2004 2001 9665 Wilshire 1971/2020 2017 10880 Wilshire 1970/2009/2020 2016 10960 Wilshire 1971/2006 2016 11777 San Vicente 1974/1998 1999 12100 Wilshire 1985 2016 12400 Wilshire 1985 1996 15250 Ventura 1970/2012 2008 16000 Ventura 1980/2011 2008 16501 Ventura 1986/2012 2013 Beverly Hills Medical Center 1964/2004 2004 Bishop Square 1972/1983 2010 Brentwood Court 1984 2006 Brentwood Executive Plaza 1983/1996 1995 Brentwood Medical Plaza 1975 2006 Brentwood San Vicente Medical 1957/1985 2006 Brentwood/Saltair 1986 2000 Bundy/Olympic 1991/1998 1994 Camden Medical Arts 1972/1992 1995 Carthay Campus 1965/2008 2014 Century Park Plaza 1972/1987/2020 1999 Century Park West(1) 1971 2007 Columbus Center 1987 2001 Coral Plaza 1981 1998 Cornerstone Plaza(1) 1986 2007 Encino Gateway 1974/1998 2000 Encino Plaza 1971/1992 2000 Encino Terrace 1986 1999 Executive Tower(1) 1989 1995 
 F- 39 

Table of Contents 
 Douglas Emmett, Inc. 
 Schedule III - Consolidated Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation and Amortization 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 (In thousands) 

1986 2015 Gateway Los Angeles 1987/2022 1994 Harbor Court 1994 2004 Landmark II 1989 1997 Lincoln/Wilshire 1996 2000 MB Plaza 1971/1996 1998 Olympic Center 1985/1996 1997 One Westwood(1) 1987/2004 1999 Palisades Promenade 1990 1995 Saltair/San Vicente 1964/1992 1997 San Vicente Plaza 1985 2006 Santa Monica Square 1983/2004 2001 Second Street Plaza 1991 1997 Sherman Oaks Galleria 1981/2002 1997 Studio Plaza 1988/2004 1995 The Tower 1988/1998 2016 The Trillium(1)(6) 1988/2021 2005 Valley Executive Tower 1984 1998 Valley Office Plaza 1966/2002 1998 Verona 1991 1997 Village on Canon 1989/1995 1994 Warner Center Towers 1982-1993/2004 2002 Warner Corporate Center 1988/2015 2008 Westside Towers 1985 1998 Westwood Center 1965/2000 2016 Westwood Place 1987 1999 Multifamily Properties 555 Barrington 1989 1999 1221 Ocean Avenue 1971/2000 2022 Barrington Plaza 1963/1998 1998 Barrington/Kiowa 1974 2006 Barry 1973 2006 Kiowa 1972 2006 Moanalua Hillside Apartments 1968/2004/2019 2005 The Residences at Bishop Place 2020-2022 2004 Pacific Plaza 1963/1998 1999 The Glendon 2008 2019 The Landmark Los Angeles 2018-2022 N/A The Shores 1965-67/2002 1999 Villas at Royal Kunia 1990/1995 2006 Waena Apartments 1970/2009-2014 2014 
 F- 40 

Table of Contents 
 Douglas Emmett, Inc. 
 Schedule III - Consolidated Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation and Amortization 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 (In thousands) 

N/A 2006 Total Operating Properties Property Under Development The Residences at Bishop Place N/A N/A Other Developments N/A N/A Total Property Under Development Total 
 _____________________________________________________ 
 (1) These properties are encumbered by our revolving credit facility, which had no balance as of December 31, 2022. 
 (2) Includes tenant improvements and lease intangibles. 
 (3) Net of fully depreciated and amortized buildings, building improvements, tenant improvements and lease intangibles removed from our books. 
 (4) At December 31, 2022, the aggregate federal income tax cost basis for consolidated real estate was billion (unaudited). 
 (5) See our depreciation and amortization policy in Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements. 
 (6) The property includes a parcel of land from which we receive rent under a ground lease. 
 
 The table below presents a reconciliation of our investment in real estate: 
 (In thousands) Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Investment in real estate, gross Beginning balance Property acquisitions Improvements and developments Properties sold ) Removal of fully depreciated and amortized buildings, building improvements, tenant improvements and lease intangibles ) ) ) Ending balance Accumulated depreciation and amortization Beginning balance ) ) ) Depreciation and amortization ) ) ) Properties sold Other accumulated depreciation and amortization Removal of fully depreciated and amortized buildings, building improvements, tenant improvements and lease intangibles Ending balance ) ) ) Investment in real estate, net 
 
 F- 41 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 a2022q4ex211-listofsubsidi.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 21.1 
 DOUGLAS EMMETT, INC. 
 ACTIVE ENTITIES 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 CORPORATIONS Entity Name State of Formation Douglas Emmett, Inc. Maryland (6 28 2005) Qualified in California (10 5 2006) Douglas Emmett Management, Inc. Delaware (7 25 2005) (fka Douglas Emmett, LLC) Qualified in California (8 30 2006) Douglas Emmett Builders California (10 18 1991) (fka P.L.E. Builders, Inc.) DE Ocean Avenue REIT, Inc. Maryland (2 28 2022) Qualified in California (3 2 2022) DE Pacific REIT, Inc. Maryland (7 5 2016) Qualified in California (7 8 2016) DE Park Avenue REIT, Inc. Maryland (2 18 2016) Qualified in California (3 4 2016) LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANIES Entity Name State of Formation Barrington Pacific, LLC California (5 22 2001) DE 100 Wilshire, LLC Delaware (6 4 2019) Qualified in California (6 4 2019) DE 8484 Wilshire, LLC Delaware (1 28 2019) (fka DE Owensmouth, LLC) Qualified in California (1 29 2019) DE 10900 LANDHOLDINGS, LLC Delaware (10 9 2020) 
 Qualified in California (10 14 2020) DE 10990 Wilshire, LLC Delaware (1 28 2019) (fka DE 201 Santa Monica, LLC) Qualified in California (1 29 2019) DE 1221 Ocean, LLC Delaware (2 15 2022) California (2 16 2022) DE 16501, LLC Delaware (6 4 2019) Qualified in California (6 4 2019) DE 16830, LLC Delaware (6 4 2019) Qualified in California (6 4 2019) DE 11777, LLC Delaware (6 4 2019) Qualified in California (6 4 2019) 

DE BHMC, LLC Delaware (3 23 2021) Qualified in California (3 25 2021) DE Coral Plaza, LLC Delaware (7 9 2019) Qualified in California (7 10 2019) DE Glendon, LLC Delaware (4 5 2019) Qualified in California (4 9 2019) DE Glendon Operating Company, LLC Delaware (5 6 2019) Qualified in California (5 7 2019) DE Lincoln Wilshire, LLC Delaware (7 9 2019) Qualified in California (7 10 2019) DE MBP, LLC Delaware (9 19 2019) Qualified in California (9 20 2019) DE Ocean Avenue Manager, LLC Delaware (2 15 2022) Qualified in California (2 16 2022) DE Ocean Avenue Member, LLC Delaware (2 15 2022) California (2 16 2022) DE Ocean Avenue Venture, LLC Delaware (2 8 2022) California (2 9 2022) DE Pacific 429, LLC Delaware (3 20 2017) Qualified in California (3 21 2017) DE Pacific 1299, LLC Delaware (3 20 2017) Qualified in California (3 21 2017) DE Pacific 233, LLC Delaware (7 25 2016) Qualified in California 10 6 2016 DE Pacific 12100, LLC Delaware (6 15 2016) Qualified in California (6 29 2016) DE Pacific 9665, LLC Delaware (6 6 2017) Qualified in California (6 14 2017) DE Pacific Manager, LLC Delaware (6 15 2016) Qualified in California (6 29 2016) DE Pacific Member, LLC Delaware (6 15 2016) Qualified in California (6 29 2016) DE Pacific Venture, LLC Delaware (6 15 2016) Qualified in California (6 29 2016) DE Pacific Operating Company, LLC Delaware (6 15 2016) Qualified in California (6 29 2016) 

DE Palisades Promenade, LLC Delaware (3 23 2021) Qualified in California (4 16 2021) DE Park Avenue Manager, LLC Delaware (12 18 2015) Qualified in California (1 14 2016) DE Park Avenue Member, LLC Delaware (12 18 2015) Qualified in California (1 14 2016) DE Park Avenue Operating Company, LLC Delaware (12 18 2015) Qualified in California (1 14 2016) DE Park Avenue Venture, LLC Delaware (12 18 2015) Qualified in California (1 14 2016) DE Park Avenue 1100, LLC Delaware (1 6 2016) Qualified in California (1 14 2016) DE Park Avenue 10880, LLC Delaware (1 6 2016) Qualified in California (1 14 2016) DE Park Avenue 10940, LLC Delaware (1 6 2016) Qualified in California (1 14 2016) DE Park Avenue 10960, LLC Delaware (1 6 2016) Qualified in California (1 14 2016) DE Saltair SV, LLC Delaware (6 4 2019) Qualified in California (6 4 2019) DE SM Square, LLC Delaware (7 9 2019) Qualified in California (7 10 2019) DE VOP, LLC Delaware (7 9 2019) Qualified in California (7 10 2019) DE Wilshire Canon, LLC Delaware (9 13 2017) Qualified in California (9 13 2017) DEG, LLC Delaware (7 28 2004) Qualified in Hawaii (8 4 2004) DEG Residential, LLC Delaware (1 3 2005) Qualified in Hawaii (1 5 05) DEGA, LLC Delaware (1 3 2005) Qualified in Hawaii (1 5 2005) DEI X Partnership GP, LLC Delaware (1 27 2010) Qualified in California (1 28 2010) DEIX, LLC Delaware (7 14 2008) Qualified in California (7 24 2008) 

Douglas Emmett 1993, LLC Delaware (6 10 2004) Qualified in California (6 23 2004) Douglas Emmett 1995, LLC Delaware (5 26 2004) Qualified in California (5 28 2004) Douglas Emmett 1996, LLC Delaware (11 9 2004) Qualified in California (11 12 2004) Douglas Emmett 1997, LLC Delaware (6 7 2005) Qualified in California (7 1 2005) Douglas Emmett 1998, LLC Delaware (6 7 2005) Qualified in California (7 1 2005) Douglas Emmett 2000, LLC Delaware (6 7 2005) Qualified in California (7 1 2005) Douglas Emmett 2007, LLC Delaware (3 19 2007) Qualified in California (3 20 2007) Douglas Emmett 2008, LLC Delaware (3 10 2008) Qualified in California (3 10 2008) Douglas Emmett 2010, LLC Delaware (5 18 2010) Qualified in Hawaii (5 19 2010) California (7 2 2010) Douglas Emmett 2011, LLC Delaware (11 30 2011) Qualified in California (12 1 2011) Douglas Emmett 2013, LLC California (3 23 2004) (fka Owensmouth Warner, LLC) Douglas Emmett 2014, LLC Delaware (7 9 2015) Qualified in California (7 13 2015) Douglas Emmett 2015, LLC Delaware (2 5 2015) Qualified in California (2 6 2015) Douglas Emmett 2016, LLC Delaware (10 5 2016) Qualified in California (10 6 2016) Douglas Emmett Builders Hawaii, LLC Delaware (3 1 2011) Qualified in Hawaii (4 8 2011) Douglas Emmett Fund X, LLC Delaware (6 20 2008) Qualified in California (7 24 2008) Douglas Emmett Joint Venture, LLC Delaware (8 17 2010) Douglas Emmett Management, LLC Delaware (8 25 2006) Qualified in California (8 30 2006) North Carolina (8 31 2020) 

Douglas Emmett Management Hawaii, LLC Delaware (1 17 2007) Qualified in Hawaii (1 24 2007) Douglas Emmett Realty Fund, LLC Delaware (8 17 2010) (fka Douglas Emmett Realty Fund, a CA limited partnership) Douglas Emmett Realty Fund 1995, LLC Delaware (8 17 2010) (fka Douglas Emmett Realty Fund 1995, a CA limited partnership) Douglas Emmett Realty Fund 1996, LLC Delaware (8 17 2010) (fka Douglas Emmett Realty Fund 1996, a CA limited partnership) Qualified in California (12 12 2014) Douglas Emmett Realty Fund 1997, LLC Delaware (8 17 2010) (fka Douglas Emmett Realty Fund 1997, a CA limited partnership) Qualified in California (8 19 2010) Douglas Emmett Realty Fund 1998, LLC Delaware (8 17 2010) (fka Douglas Emmett Realty Fund 1998, a CA limited partnership) Douglas Emmett Realty Fund 2000, LLC Delaware (8 17 2010) (fka Douglas Emmett Realty Fund 2000, a CA limited partnership) Douglas Emmett Realty Fund 2002, LLC Delaware (8 17 2010) (fka Douglas Emmett Realty Fund 2002, a CA limited partnership) Qualified in California (8 19 2010) Douglas Emmett Residential 2005, LLC Delaware (5 31 2005) Qualified in California (6 1 2005) Qualified in Hawaii (2 1 2006) Douglas Emmett Residential 2006, LLC Delaware (11 16 2006) Qualified in California (11 20 2005) Douglas Emmett Residential 2014, LLC Delaware (9 30 2014) Qualified in Hawaii (10 7 2014) Douglas Emmett Studio Plaza, LLC Delaware (12 2 2016) Qualified in California (12 5 2016) Shores Barrington, LLC Delaware (10 18 2004) Qualified in California (10 25 2004) Westwood Place Investors, LLC Delaware (3 11 1999) Qualified in California (3 16 1999) 

LIMITED PARTNERSHIPS Entity Name State of Formation Douglas Emmett Properties, LP Delaware (7 25 2005) Qualified in California (9 12 2006) Douglas Emmett Partnership X, LP Delaware (1 27 2010) Qualified in California (1 28 2010) DEI X Partnership REIT, LP Delaware (4 21 2010) Qualified in California (6 23 2010) DE 12121 Wilshire, LP Delaware (5 10 2010) Qualified in California (10 6 2010) DE Landholdings, LP Delaware (5 10 2010) Qualified in California (10 6 2010) 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 a2022q4ex231-auditorsconse.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements 
 (1) Registration Statement (Form S-3ASR No. 333-249409) of Douglas Emmett, Inc., 
 (2) Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-147483) of Douglas Emmett, Inc., 
 (3) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-212129) pertaining to the Douglas Emmett, Inc. 2016 Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan and 
 (4) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-239816) pertaining to the Douglas Emmett, Inc. 2016 Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan 
 
 of our reports dated February 17, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Douglas Emmett, Inc. and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Douglas Emmett, Inc. included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Douglas Emmett, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 s Ernst & Young LLP 
 Los Angeles, California 
 February 17, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 a2022q4exhibit311-ceo302.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CEO Certification 
 
 Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 I, Jordan L. Kaplan, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Douglas Emmett, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a 
 material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date February 17, 2023 By s JORDAN L. KAPLAN Jordan L. Kaplan President and CEO 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 a2022q4exhibit312-cfo302.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CFO Certification 
 
 Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 I, Peter D. Seymour, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Douglas Emmett, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date February 17, 2023 By s PETER D. SEYMOUR Peter D. Seymour CFO 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 a2022q4exhibit321-ceo906.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 OFFICERS CERTIFICATIONS 
 
 CEO Certification 
 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as created by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned officer of Douglas Emmett, Inc. (the Company ), hereby certifies, to such officer s knowledge, that 
 
 (i) the accompanying annual report on Form 10-K of the Company for the period ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (ii) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date February 17, 2023 By s JORDAN L. KAPLAN Jordan L. Kaplan President and CEO 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely to accompany the Report pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, and is not being filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 a2022q4exhibit322-cfo906.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 OFFICERS CERTIFICATIONS 
 
 CFO Certification 
 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as created by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned officer of Douglas Emmett, Inc. (the Company ), hereby certifies, to such officer s knowledge, that 
 
 (i) the accompanying annual report on Form 10-K of the Company for the period ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (ii) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date February 17, 2023 By s PETER D. SEYMOUR Peter D. Seymour CFO 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely to accompany the Report pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, and is not being filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 nysedei-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 nysedei-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 nysedei-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 nysedei-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 nysedei-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

