<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230301_10-K_edgar_data_102729_0000102729-23-000019.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>19970703</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>271914</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2457326</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>7543526</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3182991</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>5902295</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000102729-23-000019.hdr.sgml : 20230301
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230301154048
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000102729-23-000019
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		111
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230301
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230301

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			VALMONT INDUSTRIES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000102729
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FABRICATED STRUCTURAL METAL PRODUCTS [3440]
		IRS NUMBER:				470351813
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-31429
		FILM NUMBER:		23693118

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		15000 VALMONT PLAZA
		CITY:			OMAHA
		STATE:			NE
		ZIP:			68154
		BUSINESS PHONE:		402-963-1000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		15000 VALMONT PLAZA
		CITY:			OMAHA
		STATE:			NE
		ZIP:			68154

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	VALLEY MANUFACTURING CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19680822

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000102729-23-000019.txt : 20230301

10-K
 1
 vmi-20221231x10k.htm
 10-K

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 

 Form (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 or TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to Commission file number 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) 

 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) 

 (Zip Code) 

 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class 

Symbol 

Name of exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Sections 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Accelerated filer 

Non accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging Growth Company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report Yes No If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No At February 23, 2023 there were of the Company s common shares outstanding. The aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of the Company based on the closing sale price the common shares as reported on the New York Stock Exchange on June 25, 2022 was . DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Table of Contents 
 VALMONT INDUSTRIES, INC. Annual Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page No. PART I Item 1 Business 2 Item 1A Risk Factors 11 Item 1B Unresolved Staff Comments 19 Item 2 Properties 19 Item 3 Legal Proceedings 20 Item 4 Mine Safety Disclosures 20 PART II Item 5 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 22 Item 6 Reserved 23 Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation 23 Item 7A Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 42 Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 43 Item 9 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 99 Item 9A Controls and Procedures 99 Item 9B Other Information 101 Item 9C Disclosures Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 102 Part III Item 10 Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 103 Item 11 Executive Compensation 103 Item 12 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 103 Item 13 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 103 Item 14 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 103 Part IV Item 15 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 104 Item 16 Form 10-K Summary 108 Signatures 109 
 1 

Table of Contents 
 PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS. General We are a diversified manufacturer of products and services for infrastructure and agriculture markets. Our Infrastructure products and services create communities that are safer, cleaner, more efficient, and better connected. Our Agriculture products and services help growers produce greater crop yields with fewer inputs. In 2022, the Company operated and reported its results in the following two reporting segments: Infrastructure Agriculture 
 Our Infrastructure segment is comprised of five primary product lines. Our Transmission, Distribution, and Substation product line helps deliver power with products to better harden electric grids to make infrastructure more resilient by selling structures to support electrical transmission, distribution lines, and substation conversion and storage. Our Lighting and Transportation offering includes solutions to help make roadways safer, infrastructure smarter, and increases connectivity through the following products: outdoor lighting, traffic control, and roadway safety structures. Our Coatings product line provides coatings services for Valmont and other industrial customers to assist in extending the lifespan of infrastructure. Our Telecommunications product line offers wireless communication structures and components. Our Renewable Energy product line sells solar tracking solutions. Our Agriculture segment produces mechanized irrigation equipment and related services to help deliver water, fertilizers, herbicides, and pesticides to agricultural crops that save time and conserve water, energy, and other input costs while also assisting in increasing yields. This segment also develops technology for better precision application including predictive, autonomous crop and irrigation management. Customers and end-users of our Infrastructure products include municipalities and government entities globally, manufacturers of commercial lighting fixtures OEM ), contractors, and telecommunications and utility companies. Customers of our Agriculture segment in the United States are dealers who resell mechanized irrigation equipment to their end customer, which is the farmer. Both segments service the general manufacturing sector as well. In 2022, approximately 32 of our net sales were either sold in markets or produced by our manufacturing plants outside of North America. We were founded in 1946, went public in 1968, and our shares trade on the New York Stock Exchange (ticker: VMI). We are headquartered in Omaha, Nebraska. Business Strategy Our strategy is to pursue growth opportunities that leverage our existing product portfolio, knowledge of our principal end-markets and customers, and engineering capability to increase our sales, earnings, and cash flow, including: Increasing the Market Penetration of our Existing Products. Our strategy is to increase our market penetration by differentiating our products from our competitors products through superior customer service, engineering proficiency, technological innovation, and consistent high quality. Our Agriculture segment experienced sales volume growth in 2022 which we believe was partially due to the continuing importance of our precision agriculture and technology offerings. Bringing our Existing Products to New Markets. Our strategy is to expand the sales of our existing products into geographic areas where we do not currently serve and where end-users do not currently purchase our type of product. For example, we have expanded our geographic presence in Europe, the Middle East, and North Africa for lighting structures. This strategy resulted in recently building manufacturing presences in Poland and India to expand our offering of pole structures for lighting, utility, and wireless communication to these markets and to expand our manufacturing presence in the United Arab Emirates to serve growing Middle East markets. Our Agriculture segment has a long history of developing new emerging markets for mechanized irrigation around the world. In 2020, we secured a 240 million multi-year order for the Egypt market. In January 2023, we secured an 85 million multi-year agreement for projects in Africa. 
 2 

Table of Contents 
 Developing New Products for Markets that We Currently Serve. Our strategy is to grow by developing new products for markets using our comprehensive understanding of end-user requirements and leveraging longstanding relationships with key distributors and end-users. In recent years, we developed and sold structures for spun concrete distribution poles for North American utility markets, steel bridge girders for North America, and began offering concealment solutions for the wireless communication markets. Developing New Products for New Markets or Leveraging Core Competencies to Further Diversify our Business is a Path to Increase Sales. For example, the establishment and growth of our Coatings product line was based on using our expertise in galvanizing to develop what is now a global product line. We have grown sales through expanding our presence in the decorative lighting market, which has different requirements and preferences than our traditional transportation and commercial markets. Acquisitions are a key component of our strategy to expand the markets we serve through new products and services. In 2022, we acquired a majority interest in ConcealFab, a 5G infrastructure and passive intermodulation mitigation solutions company, expanding our portfolio of telecommunications products that support 5G technology. In 2021, we acquired Prospera Technologies, Ltd., an artificial intelligence technology company focused on machine learning and computer vision in agriculture providing an opportunity to grow recurring revenue through agronomy monitoring software solutions. In 2020, we acquired Solbras , a provider of solar energy solutions for agriculture and during 2018, we acquired Convert Italia S.p.A., a provider of engineered single axis solar tracking solutions. These two acquisitions are furthering our commitment to renewable energy which we believe will provide us future growth opportunities through the ability to bring power to underserved regions and transform unproductive land into efficient cropland. Acquisitions We have grown organically and by acquisition. Our significant business expansions during the past five years include the following (including the segment where the business reports): 2018 Acquisition of an integrator of prepackaged pump stations (Torrent Engineering and Equipment) located in Indiana (Agriculture) Acquisition of a worldwide provider of parts for agricultural irrigation equipment, Irrigation Components International (ICI), located in the United States (Agriculture) Acquisition of an engineering and manufacturer of overhead sign structures (Walpar) located in Alabama (Infrastructure) Acquisition of 75 of a provider of engineered solar tracker solutions (Convert Italia S.p.A.) headquartered in Italy (Infrastructure) Acquisition of a steel lattice structures producer (Derit) located in India (Infrastructure) Acquisition of a galvanizing business (CSP Coating Systems) located in New Zealand (Infrastructure) 
 2019 Acquisition of a wireless communication concealment solutions provider (Larson Camouflage) headquartered in Arizona (Infrastructure) Acquisition of the remaining 4.8 not previously owned of Valmont SM (Other) Acquisition of a galvanizing business (United Galvanizing) located in Texas (Infrastructure) Acquisition of a manufacturer and distributor of wireless site components and safety products (Connect-It Wireless, Inc.) located in Florida (Infrastructure) 
 2020 Acquisition of the remaining 49 not previously owned of AgSense, LLC (Agriculture) 
 3 

Table of Contents 
 Acquisition of 55 of a provider of solar solutions for Agriculture (Solbras) located in Brazil (Agriculture) Acquisition of KC Utility Packaging, LLC, a utility substation product provider located in Missouri (Infrastructure) 
 2021 Acquisition of Prospera Technologies, Ltd., an artificial intelligence company in agriculture located in Israel Agriculture Acquisition of PivoTrac, a remote monitoring irrigation service company located in Texas Agriculture 
 2022 Acquisition of 51 of ConcealFab, a 5G infrastructure and passive intermodulation mitigation solutions company located in Colorado (Infrastructure) Acquisition of the remaining 9 not previously owned of Convert Italia S.p.A. (Infrastructure) Acquisition of the remaining 20 not previously owned of Valmont West Coast Engineering, Ltd. (Infrastructure) 
 Divestitures In 2018, the Company divested of Donhad, a grinding media producer in Australia. In 2022, the Company divested of Valmont SM, a wind energy structures business in Denmark manufacturing both on and offshore structures. Segments During the first quarter of 2022, the Company s Chief Operating Decision Maker CODM changed the Company s management structure and began to manage the business, allocate resources, and evaluate performance based on the new structure. As a result, the Company has realigned to a two reportable segment structure organized by market dynamics (Infrastructure and Agriculture). Three operating segments resulted from the new management structure and two are aggregated into the Agriculture reportable segment. The Company considers gross profit margins, nature of products sold, nature of the production processes, type and class of customer, and methods used to distribute products when assessing aggregation of operating segments. The Infrastructure segment includes the previous reportable segments of Utility Support Structures, Engineered Support Structures, and Coatings. All prior period segment information has been recast to reflect this change in reportable segments. Both reportable segments are global in nature with a manager responsible for segment operational performance and allocation of capital within the segment. Net corporate expense is net of certain service-related expenses that are allocated to business units generally on the basis of employee headcounts. 
 4 

Table of Contents 
 Reportable segments are as follows: Infrastructure: This segment consists of the manufacture and distribution of products and solutions to serve the infrastructure markets of utility, renewable energy, lighting, transportation, and telecommunications, and coatings services to preserve metal products. Agriculture: This segment consists of the manufacture of center pivot components and linear irrigation equipment for agricultural markets, including parts and tubular products, and advanced technology solutions for precision agriculture. In addition to these two reportable segments, the Company had a business and related activities that was not more than 10 of consolidated sales, operating income, or assets. These activities include the offshore wind energy structures business until its divestiture in 2022. Information concerning the principal products produced and services rendered, markets, competition, and distribution methods for each of our two reportable segments is set forth below. Infrastructure Segment Products Transmission, Distribution, and Substation TD S ): We engineer and manufacture steel, pre-stressed concrete, composite, and hybrid structures (concrete base section and steel upper sections). These products are used to support the lines and equipment that carry power for electrical transmission, substation, and distribution applications. Transmission refers to moving power from where it is produced to where it is used. Substations transfer high voltage electricity to low voltage transmission. Electrical distribution carries electricity from the substation to the end-user. These innovative structures are offered to address the growing need for grid hardening across the globe, where fires, storms, and floods have recently occurred with increasing regularity. 
 Utility structures can be very large, so product design engineering is important to the function and safety of the structure. Our engineering process takes into account weather and loading conditions, such as wind speeds, ice loads, and the power lines attached to the structure, in order to arrive at the final design. Lighting and Transportation: We design, engineer, and manufacture steel, aluminum, wood, and composite poles and structures for a wide range of lighting and highway transportation applications. The demand for these products is driven by infrastructure, commercial, and residential construction and by consumers desire for well-lit streets, highways, parking lots, and common areas. Valmont structures help keep these areas safer, provide technologically advanced solutions for smart cities, and support 24-hour convenience. Beyond design, technical, and engineering needs, customers also want products that are visually appealing and meet local aesthetic requirements. In Europe, Valmont is a leader in decorative lighting poles, which provide an attractive yet functional solution for our customers. We are leveraging this expertise to expand our decorative product sales in North America and the Middle East. 
 Valmont traffic and overhead sign structures contribute to the orderly flow of automobile traffic. These poles, which support traffic signals and overhead signs, are engineered to meet customer specifications to ensure the proper function and safety of the structure. Product engineering takes into account factors such as weather (e.g., wind, ice) and the products loaded on the structure (e.g., lighting fixtures, traffic signals, overhead signs) to determine the design of the pole. Valmont has expanded its capabilities in the traffic market with the development of patented vibration mitigation technology which continuously improves the safety of traffic and roadway structures by reducing the effects of wind and fatigue. Our transportation product line also includes highway safety system products that are designed and engineered to enhance roadway safety. These systems include guard rail barriers, wire rope safety barriers, crash attenuation barriers, and other products which primarily serve the Australia market. Additionally, Valmont has expanded into the bridge market with the development of our Con-Struct Bridge system. These steel 
 5 

Table of Contents 
 systems are effective, long-lasting, and can be installed quickly to reduce costs and expand the life of the structure. Coatings: We add finishes to metals that inhibit corrosion, extend service lives, and enhance the aesthetics of a wide range of materials and products. We take unfinished products from our customers and return them with a galvanized, anodized, or painted finish. Hot-dip galvanizing is a process that protects and prolongs the life of steel with a zinc coating that is bonded to the product surface to inhibit rust and corrosion. CorroCote adds a protection to steel for those products that are anchored below ground against the corrosive effects of soil and underground moisture. Anodizing is a process applied to aluminum that oxidizes the surface of the aluminum in a controlled manner, which protects the aluminum from corrosion and allows the material to be dyed a variety of colors. We also paint products using powder coating for a number of industries and markets. Telecommunications: We engineer, manufacture, and distribute a broad range of structures (poles and towers), camouflage concealment solutions, and components serving the wireless communication market supporting expanded 5G customer needs. A wireless communication cell site mainly consists of a steel pole or tower, shelter (enclosure where the radio equipment is located), antennas (devices that receive and transmit data and voice information to and from wireless communication devices), and components (items that are used to mount antennas to a structure and to connect cabling and other parts from the antennas to the shelter). Larger monopole structures are engineered and designed to customer specifications, which include factors such as the number of antennas on the structure and wind and soil conditions. Due to the size of these monopole structures, design is important to ensure each structure meets performance and safety specifications. Renewable Energy: Our solar single-axis tracker product is an integrated system of steel structures, electric motors, and electronic controllers. Trackers move solar panels throughout the day to maintain an optimal orientation to the sun, which materially increases their energy production. Solar energy projects utilizing trackers generate approximately 20 more energy compared to traditional fixed tilt ground-mounted systems, according to Wood Mackenzie. Our trackers utilize a simple, modular design allowing ease of installation and low operational maintenance. Further, the flexibility of our trackers design allows for improved site utilization, which is especially valuable to our customers considering that solar projects are being constructed on increasingly challenging sites today. We sell our products to engineering, procurement, and construction firms EPCs that build solar energy projects as well as solar developers, independent power producers, and utilities. 
 Markets The key markets across the Infrastructure product lines have a portion of their funding supported through local, state, and federal government spending programs. For example, the U.S. government will fund infrastructure improvement through the newly passed Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act as well as the Inflation Reduction Act. These bills will allocate funding to reinforce the nation s bridges, increase safety for the travelling public, update vital infrastructure, improve highway safety, and harden the electrical grid. The market for our TD S product line is mainly in North America, where the key drivers in the utility business are significant upgrades in the electrical grid to support enhanced reliability standards, policy changes encouraging more generation from renewable energy sources, and increased electrical consumption, which has outpaced the transmission investment in the past decades. According to the Edison Electric Institute, the electrical transmission grid in the U.S. requires significant investment in the coming years to respond to the compelling industry drivers and lack of investment prior to 2008. Electrical consumption is also expected to increase within international markets. This will require substantial investment in new electricity generation capacity and growth in transmission grid development. We expect these factors to result in increased demand for electrical utility structures to transport electricity from source to user, as is used in the U.S. markets today. 
 6 

Table of Contents 
 Our lighting and transportation products and solutions serve the transportation, construction, and industrial markets. Many products from our transportation product portfolio will be utilized when making these enhancements including traffic structures, bridge systems, roadway and street lighting, high-mast lighting, etc. Matching funding from the various states may be required as a condition of federal funding in the United States. Additionally, public and private partnerships have recently emerged as an additional funding source. In the United States, there are approximately four million miles of public roadways, with approximately 24 carrying over 80 of the traffic. Accordingly, the need to improve traffic flow through traffic controls and lighting is a priority for many communities. The construction market is mostly funded privately and includes lighting for applications such as parking lots, shopping centers, sports stadiums, and business parks. This market is driven by macro-economic factors such as general economic growth rates, interest rates, and the commercial construction economy. Valmont has many long-standing relationships with OEMs (also manufacture light fixtures and equipment) who also serve this market. Industrial markets are typically driven by infrastructure, industrial, and commercial construction spending. Markets for our coatings products are varied and our profitability is not substantially dependent on any one industry or external customer. However, a meaningful percentage of demand is internal, driven by Valmont s other product lines. Demand for coatings services generally follows the local industrial economies. Galvanizing is used in a wide variety of industrial applications where corrosion protection of steel is desired. While markets are varied, our markets for anodized or painted products are more directly dependent on consumer markets than industrial markets. The market for our communication products is driven by increased demand for wireless communication and data. Our customers are wireless network providers and organizations that own cell sites and attach antennas from multiple carriers to the pole or tower structure (build to suit companies). We also sell products to state and federal governments for two-way radio communication, radar, broadcasting, and security applications. We believe long-term growth should mainly be driven by increased usage and technologies such as 5G, which demand higher network density. Improved emergency response systems, as part of the U.S. Homeland Security initiatives, creates additional demand. The market for our Renewable Energy product line is driven by the transition to clean energy sources globally and incentives for renewable energy investment. As utilities increase development of large-scale solar power and micro-grid applications, single axis solar tracker solutions will be an essential tool for achieving higher energy production. Competition Our competitive strategy in all of the markets we serve is to provide high value solutions to the customer at the appropriate price. We compete on the basis of product quality, engineering expertise, high levels of customer service, and timely, complete, and accurate delivery of the product. There are numerous competitors in North America as well as international markets. Companies compete on the basis of price, product quality, reliable delivery, engineering design, unique product features, and service. Pricing can be very competitive, especially when demand is weak or when strong local currencies result in increased competition from imported products. Infrastructure sales are often made through a competitive bid process, whereby the lowest bidder is awarded the contract, provided the competitor meets all other qualifying criteria. In weak markets, price is a more important criteria in the bid process. We also sell on a preferred-provider basis to certain large customers. These contractual arrangements often last between three and five years and are frequently renewed. We also use the production capacity at our network of plants to ensure that the customer receives quality, timely service. The Coatings product line markets traditionally have been very fragmented, with a large number of competitors. Most of these competitors are relatively small, privately held companies who compete on the basis of price and personal relationships with their customers. Our strategy is to compete on the basis of quality of the coating finish and timely delivery of the coated product to the customer. Distribution Methods For lighting and transportation, sales and distribution activities are handled through a combination of a direct sales force and commissioned agents. Lighting agents represent Valmont as well as lighting fixture and traffic signal lines and sell other related products. Sales are typically to electrical distributors, who provide the pole, fixtures, and other equipment to the end user as a complete package. Commercial lighting, wireless communication products and components, access systems, and highway safety sales are normally made through Valmont sales employees, who work on a salary plus incentive, 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 although some sales are made through independent, commissioned sales agents. Our TD S and Renewable Energy products are normally sold directly to electrical utilities, developers, or energy providers with some sales sold through commissioned sales agents. Due to freight costs, a galvanizing location has an effective service area of an approximate 300-to-500-mile radius. While we believe that we are globally one of the largest custom galvanizers, our sales are a small percentage of the total market. Sales and customer service are provided directly to the user by a direct sales force, generally assigned to each specific location. Agriculture Segment Products Irrigation Equipment and Parts: We manufacture and distribute mechanical irrigation equipment and related service parts under the Valley brand name. A Valley irrigation machine is powered by electricity (via solar, grid, or diesel generator) and propels itself over a farm field and applies water and chemicals to crops. Water and, in some instances, chemicals are applied through sprinklers attached to a pipeline that is supported by a series of towers, each of which is propelled via a drive train and tires. A standard mechanized irrigation machine (also known as a center pivot rotates in a circle, although we also manufacture and distribute center pivot extensions that can irrigate corners of square and rectangular farm fields as well as conform to irregular field boundaries (referred to as a corner machine). Our irrigation machines can also irrigate fields by moving up and down the field as opposed to rotating in a circle (referred to as a linear machine). Irrigation machines can be configured to irrigate fields in size from four acres to over 500 acres, with a standard size in the U.S. configured for a 160-acre tract of ground. The irrigation machine used in international markets is substantially the same as the one produced for the North American market. We also manufacture tubular products for industrial customers primarily in the agriculture industry as well as in the transportation and other industries. Technology Products and Services: Our remote management capabilities allow control of pivots and a variety of other farm equipment on any web-connected device and our suite of advanced technology solutions offers capabilities to assist in reducing water and energy use. Our crop anomaly detection can alert growers of pivot-related water issues with artificial intelligence and machine learning (in select markets) to help farmers determine where and how much to irrigate. During fiscal year 2021, we purchased Prospera Technologies, Ltd., a leading global artificial intelligence and machine learning provider of advanced agronomy monitoring solutions. Agriculture net sales in 2022, 2021, and 2020 included technology sales of 115.1 million, 97.9 million, and 67.1 million, respectively. We also sell solar energy solutions for agriculture primarily in international markets. 
 Markets Market drivers in North America and international markets are essentially the same. Since the purchase of an irrigation machine is a capital expenditure, the purchase decision is based on the expected return on investment. The benefits a grower may realize through investment in mechanical irrigation include improved yields through better irrigation, cost savings through reduced labor, and lower water and energy usage. The purchase decision is also affected by current and expected net farm income, commodity prices, interest rates, the status of government support programs, and water regulations in local areas. In many international markets, the relative strength or weakness of local currencies as compared with the U.S. dollar may affect net farm income, as export markets are generally denominated in U.S. dollars. In addition, governments are sponsoring irrigation projects for self-sufficiency in food production to help alleviate food security concerns. The demand for mechanized irrigation comes from the following sources: conversion from flood irrigation; replacement of existing mechanized irrigation machines; and 
 8 

Table of Contents 
 converting land that is not irrigated to mechanized irrigation. 
 One of the key drivers in our Agriculture segment worldwide is that the usable water supply is limited. We estimate that: only 2.5 of total worldwide water supply is freshwater; of that 2.5 , only 30 of freshwater is available to humans; and the largest user of that freshwater is agriculture. 
 We believe these factors, along with the trends of a growing worldwide population, improving diets, and governments efforts to address food security, reflect the need to use water more efficiently while increasing food production to feed this growing population. We believe that mechanized irrigation can improve water application efficiency by 40 to 90 compared with traditional irrigation methods by applying water uniformly near the root zone and reducing water runoff. Furthermore, reduced water runoff improves water quality in nearby rivers, aquifers, and streams, thereby providing environmental benefits in addition to conservation of water. Competition In North America, there are a number of entities that provide irrigation products and services to agricultural customers. We believe we are the leader of the four main participants in the mechanized irrigation business. Participants compete for sales on the basis of product innovation and features, product durability and reliability, price, quality, and service capabilities of the local dealer. Pricing can become very competitive, especially in periods when market demand is low. In international markets, our competitors are a combination of our major U.S. competitors and privately owned local companies. Competitive factors are similar to those in North America, although pricing tends to be a more prevalent competitive strategy in international markets. Since competition in international markets is local, we believe local manufacturing capability is important to competing effectively in international markets and we have that capability in key regions. Distribution Methods We market our irrigation machines, technology offerings, and service parts through independent dealers. There are approximately 270 dealer locations in North America, with another approximately 400 dealers serving international markets in over 60 countries. The dealer determines the grower s requirements, designs the configuration of the machine, installs the machine (including providing ancillary products that deliver water and electrical power to the machine), and provides after sales service. Our dealer network is supported and trained by our technical and sales teams. Our international dealers are supported through our regional operations in South America, South Africa, Western Europe, Australia, China, and the United Arab Emirates as well as the manufacturing facility in Valley, Nebraska. General Certain information generally applicable to our two reportable segments is set forth below. Suppliers and Availability of Raw Materials Hot rolled steel coil and plate, zinc, and other carbon steel products are the primary raw materials utilized in the manufacture of finished products for all segments. We purchase these essential items from steel mills, steel service centers, and zinc producers and these materials are usually readily available. While we may experience increased lead times to acquire materials and volatility in our purchase costs, we do not believe that key raw materials would be unavailable for extended periods. We have not experienced extended or wide-spread shortages of steel in the past several years, due to what we believe are strong relationships with some of the major steel producers. In the past several years, we experienced volatility in steel, zinc, and natural gas prices, but we did not experience any disruptions to our operations due to availability. 
 9 

Table of Contents 
 Patents, Licenses, Franchises, and Concessions We have a number of patents for our manufacturing machinery, poles, highway guardrail, and irrigation designs. We also have a number of registered trademarks. We do not believe the loss of any individual patent or trademark would have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, or liquidity. Seasonal Factors in Business Sales can be somewhat seasonal based upon the agricultural growing season and the infrastructure construction season. Sales of mechanized irrigation equipment to farmers are traditionally higher during the spring and fall and lower in the summer. Sales of infrastructure products are traditionally higher in the summer and fall and lower in the winter. Customers We are not dependent for a material part of any segment s business upon a single customer or upon very few customers. The loss of any one customer would not have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, or liquidity. Backlog The backlog of orders for the principal products manufactured and marketed was 1,656.4 million at the end of the 2022 fiscal year and 1,621.9 million at the end of the 2021 fiscal year. An order is reported in our backlog upon receipt of a purchase order from the customer or execution of a sales order contract. We anticipate that most of the 2022 backlog of orders will be filled during fiscal year 2023. At year-end, the segments with backlog were as follows (dollar amounts in millions): 

12/31/2022 12/25/2021 Infrastructure 1,339.1 1,086.3 Agriculture 317.3 471.0 Other 64.6 1,656.4 1,621.9 Environmental Disclosure We are subject to various federal, state, and local laws and regulations pertaining to environmental protection and the discharge of materials into the environment. Although we continually incur expenses and make capital expenditures related to environmental protection, we do not anticipate that future expenditures should materially impact our financial condition, results of operations, or liquidity. Number of Employees As of December 31, 2022, we had 11,364 employees. Human Capital Resources Our policies and practices with respect to human capital resources are generally set forth in our Code of Business Conduct, our Human Rights Policy, and the principles described on the About Us page on our website www.valmont.com. Essential to our success is a company-wide commitment to customer service and innovation, and the ability to provide the best value to our customers for our products and services. Our employees are the cornerstone of our accomplishments, we pride ourselves on being people of passion and integrity who excel and deliver results. Our Code of Business Conduct and our culture require each employee to act responsibly and to treat each other fairly and with the utmost respect. 
 10 

Table of Contents 
 Our businesses require skilled workers and management in order to meet our customer s needs, grow our sales, and maintain competitive advantages. We require employees with skills in engineering, welding, equipment maintenance, and the operation of complex manufacturing machinery. Management talent is critical, as well, to help grow our businesses and effectively plan for succession of key employees upon retirement. As of December 31, 2022, we had 6,599 employees in the United States and 4,765 employees in foreign countries. The Company places a high value on diversity and inclusion, seeking employees with diverse backgrounds and experiences who share a common interest in profitable development, improving corporate culture, and delivering sustainable business results. We have adopted a Human Rights Policy which is published on our website. We expect our employees, suppliers, vendors, dealers, and distributors to share our commitment to human rights. We prohibit discrimination on the basis of age, race, disability, ethnicity, marital or family status, national origin, religion, gender, sexual orientation, veteran status, gender identity, or any other characteristic protected by law. We are committed to voluntary employment, and we strictly prohibit all forms of compulsory labor, including child labor, forced labor, slavery, and human trafficking. We respect internally recognized human rights standards, and this policy is guided by the U.N. Guiding Principles for Business and Human Rights. We require full compliance with applicable, wage, work hours, overtime, and benefit laws. We are committed to creating a culture where a healthy and safe workplace is recognized by everyone as essential to our success. Any employee can always contact our compliance officer, and confidential reporting of a situation or to ask a question is available on a secure website maintained by a third party. Employees are eligible for health insurance, paid and unpaid leaves, retirement plan, and life and disability / accident coverage. When positions come open at Valmont, we try first to fill them from within. We like to reward the hard-working members of our Valmont community with new opportunities that are not only a chance to expand their worlds, but to also recognize and reward their dedication. We have found them to be our richest talent resource. Our program for succession and management development has our highest level of attention with our CEO responsible for reporting on the program directly to our board of directors. For additional information, please see the About Us and Sustainability pages on our website and section titled Governance, Human Capital and Sustainability Highlights in the Company s 2023 Proxy Statement. Available Information We make available, free of charge on the Investors page of our website at www.valmont.com, our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. The following risk factors describe various risks that may affect our business, financial condition, and operations. Economic and Business Risks The ultimate consumers of our products operate in cyclical industries that have been subject to significant downturns which have adversely impacted our sales in the past and may again in the future. Our sales are sensitive to the market conditions present in the industries in which the ultimate consumers of our products operate, which in some cases have been highly cyclical and subject to substantial downturns. For example, a significant portion of our sales of support structures is to the electric utility industry. Our sales to the U.S. electric utility 
 11 

Table of Contents 
 industry were over 1.0 billion in 2022. Purchases of our products are deferrable to the extent that utilities may reduce capital expenditures for reasons such as unfavorable regulatory environments, a slow U.S. economy, or financing constraints. In the event of weakness in the demand for utility structures due to reduced or delayed spending for electrical generation and transmission projects, our sales and operating income likely will decrease. The end users of our mechanized irrigation equipment are farmers. Accordingly, economic changes within the agriculture industry, particularly the level of farm income, may affect sales of these products. From time to time, lower levels of farm income resulted in reduced demand for our mechanized irrigation and tubing products. Farm income decreases when commodity prices, acreage planted, crop yields, government subsidies, and export levels decrease. In addition, weather conditions, which may be exacerbated by climate change, such as extreme drought, may result in reduced availability of water for irrigation and can affect farmers buying decisions. Farm income can also decrease as farmers operating costs increase. Increases in oil and natural gas prices result in higher costs of energy and nitrogen based fertilizer (which uses natural gas as a major ingredient). Furthermore, uncertainty as to future government agricultural policies may cause indecision on the part of farmers. The status and trend of government farm supports, financing aids, and policies regarding the ability to use water for agricultural irrigation can affect the demand for our irrigation equipment. In the United States, certain parts of the country are considering policies that would restrict usage of water for irrigation. All of these factors may cause farmers to delay capital expenditures for farm equipment. Consequently, downturns in the agricultural industry will likely result in a slower, and possibly a negative, rate of growth in irrigation equipment and tubing sales. In February 2023, the U.S. Department of Agriculture USDA forecasted U.S. 2022 net farm income to be 162.8 billion, an increase of 21.9 billion (15.5 percent), relative to 2021. The increase was primarily related to an increase in cash receipts from crops and livestock that is offsetting a portion of the expected decrease in government support payments in 2022. If estimates hold, U.S. net farm income in 2022 will be the highest level since 1973. The USDA also forecasted U.S. 2023 net farm income to be 136.9 billion, a decrease of 25.9 billion (15.9 percent), relative to 2022. The forecasted decrease is primarily related to a decrease in cash receipts for crops and livestock along with a decrease in government support payments. Despite this expected decline, net farm income in 2023 would be 26.6 percent above its 20-year average. We have also experienced cyclical demand for those of our products that we sell to the wireless communications industry. Sales of wireless structures and components to wireless carriers and build-to-suit companies that serve the wireless communications industry have historically been cyclical. These customers may elect to curtail spending on new capacity to focus on cash flow and capital management. Changes in the competitive structure of the wireless industry, due to industry consolidation or reorganization, may interrupt capital plans of the wireless carriers as they assess their networks. The engineered access systems product lines are partially dependent on investment spending by our customers in the oil, natural gas, and other mined mineral exploration industries, most specifically in the Asia Pacific region. During periods of continued low oil and natural gas prices, these customers may elect to curtail spending on new exploration sites which will cause us to experience lower demand for these specific product lines. Due to the cyclical nature of these markets, we have experienced, and in the future, we may experience, significant fluctuations in our sales and operating income with respect to a substantial portion of our total product offering, and such fluctuations could be material and adverse to our overall financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. Changes in prices and reduced availability of key commodities such as steel, aluminum, zinc, natural gas, and fuel may increase our operating costs and likely reduce our net sales and profitability. Hot rolled steel coil and other carbon steel products have historically constituted approximately one-third of the cost of manufacturing our products. We also use large quantities of aluminum for lighting structures and zinc for the galvanization of most of our steel products. Our facilities use large quantities of natural gas for heating and processing tanks in our galvanizing operations. We use gasoline and diesel fuel to transport raw materials to our locations and to deliver finished 
 12 

Table of Contents 
 goods to our customers. The markets for these commodities can be volatile. The following factors increase the cost and reduce the availability of these commodities: increased demand, which occurs when we and other industries require greater quantities of these commodities, which can result in higher prices and lengthen the time it takes to receive these commodities from suppliers; lower production levels of these commodities, due to reduced production capacities or shortages of materials needed to produce these commodities (such as coke and scrap steel for the production of steel) which could result in reduced supplies of these commodities, higher costs for us, and increased lead times; increased cost of major inputs, such as scrap steel, coke, iron ore, and energy; fluctuations in foreign exchange rates can impact the relative cost of these commodities, which may affect the cost effectiveness of imported materials and limit our options in acquiring these commodities; and international trade disputes, import duties, tariffs, and quotas since we import some steel and aluminum finished components and products for various product lines. 
 Increases in the selling prices of our products may not fully recover higher commodity costs and generally lag increases in our costs of these commodities. Consequently, an increase in these commodities will increase our operating costs and likely reduce our profitability. Rising steel prices in 2021 and early 2022 put pressure on gross profit margins, especially in our Utility product lines. The elapsed time between the release of a customer s purchase order and the manufacturing of the product ordered can be several months. As some of the sales in the Infrastructure segment are fixed price contracts, rapid increases in steel costs likely will result in lower operating income. Steel prices for both hot rolled coil and plate can also decrease substantially in a given period, which occurred in North America in 2019. Decreases in our product sales pricing and volumes in 2019 offset the increase in gross profit realized from the lower steel prices. Steel is most significant for our Transmission, Distribution, and Substation product line where the cost of steel has been approximately 50 of the net sales, on average. Assuming a similar sales mix, a hypothetical 20 change in the price of steel would have affected our net sales in this product line by approximately 95 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. We believe the volatility over the past several years was due to significant increases in global steel production and rapid changes in consumption (especially in rapidly growing economies, such as China and India). The speed with which steel suppliers impose price increases on us may prevent us from fully recovering these price increases particularly in our lighting and traffic and utility businesses. In the same respect, rapid decreases in the price of steel can also result in reduced operating margins in our utility businesses due to the long production lead times. Demand for our infrastructure products including coating services is highly dependent upon the overall level of infrastructure spending. We manufacture and distribute engineered infrastructure products for lighting and traffic, utility, and other specialty applications. Our Coatings product line serves many construction related industries. Because these products are used primarily in infrastructure construction, sales in these businesses are highly correlated with the level of construction activity, which historically has been cyclical. Construction activity by our private and government customers is affected by and can decline because of, a number of factors, including (but not limited to): weakness in the general economy, which may negatively affect tax revenues, resulting in reduced funds available for construction; interest rate increases, which increase the cost of construction financing; and adverse weather conditions which slow construction activity. 
 The current economic uncertainty in the United States and Europe will have some negative effect on our business. In our North American lighting product line, some of our lighting structure sales are for new residential and commercial areas. 
 13 

Table of Contents 
 When residential and commercial construction is weak, we have experienced some negative impact on our light pole sales to these markets. In a broader sense, in the event of an overall downturn in the economies in Europe, Australia, or China, we may experience decreased demand if our customers in these countries have difficulty securing credit for their purchases from us. In addition, sales in our Infrastructure segment, particularly our lighting, transportation, and highway safety products, are highly dependent upon federal, state, local, and foreign government spending on infrastructure development projects. U.S. federal funding initiatives, such as the Infrastructure Investment and Job Act IIJA and the Inflation Reduction Act IRA support multi-year demand for our infrastructure products, although the timing and amount of funding appropriations from these initiatives can be difficult to predict. The level of spending on such projects may decline for a number of reasons beyond our control, including, among other things, budgetary constraints affecting government spending generally or transportation agencies in particular, decreases in tax revenues, and changes in the political climate, including legislative delays, with respect to infrastructure appropriations. We are subject to currency fluctuations from our international sales, which can negatively impact our reported earnings. We sell our products in many countries around the world. Approximately 32 of our fiscal 2022 sales were in markets outside the United States and are often made in foreign currencies, mainly the Australian dollar, euro, Brazilian real, Canadian dollar, Chinese renminbi, and South African rand. Because our financial statements are denominated in U.S. dollars, fluctuations in currency exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and other currencies have had and will continue to have an impact on our reported earnings. If the U.S. dollar weakens or strengthens versus the foreign currencies mentioned above, the result will be an increase or decrease in our reported sales and earnings, respectively. Currency fluctuations have affected our financial performance in the past and may affect our financial performance in any given period. In cases where local currencies are strong, the relative cost of goods imported from outside our country of operation becomes lower and affects our ability to compete profitably in our home markets. We also face risks arising from the imposition of foreign exchange controls and currency devaluations. Exchange controls may limit our ability to convert foreign currencies into U.S. dollars or to remit dividends and other payments by our foreign subsidiaries or businesses located in or conducted within a country imposing controls. Currency devaluations result in a diminished value of funds denominated in the currency of the country instituting the devaluation. Actions of this nature could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition in any given period. COVID-19 has impacted and is expected to continue to impact our business, including the supply chain, product demand, logistics, and facility operations and the duration, unknown at this time, of the challenges associated with the virus, or future pandemics, may result in significant adverse effects on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. COVID-19 impacted and may continue to impact our business, including the normal operations of our facilities, overall demand for our products, changes to supply chain availability and costs, logistics delays, including temporary closures as may be mandated or otherwise made necessary by governmental authorities, and any additional carryover of economic effects. All of our operations may be affected by COVID-19 isolation measures. During the height of the previous pandemic, we temporarily implemented domestic and international travel restrictions for our employees, and thousands of our employees worked remotely. Our businesses support critical infrastructure sectors as defined by the Department of Homeland Security (CISA.gov) and similar global agencies. These sectors are deemed vital, such that their incapacitation would have a debilitating effect on security, national economic security, national public health, or safety, or any combination thereof. Future challenges associated with the virus, or new pandemics, may result in significant adverse effects on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. In addition to the discussion above of Economic and Business Risks, please see our further discussion on interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, and commodity prices included in MARKET RISK within Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations in Part II, Item 7 in this report. 
 14 

Table of Contents 
 Legal and Regulatory Risks We may lose some of our foreign investment or our foreign sales and profits may decline because of risks of doing business in foreign markets, including trade relations and tariffs. We are an international manufacturing company with operations around the world. At December 31, 2022, we operated over 80 manufacturing plants, located on six continents, and sold our products in more than 100 countries. In 2022, approximately 32 of our net sales were either sold in markets or produced by our manufacturing plants outside of North America (primarily the United States, Canada, and Mexico). We have operations in geographic markets that have recently experienced political instability, such as the Middle East, and economic uncertainty, such as Western Europe, and health issues, such as the outbreak and spread of coronavirus in China. Our geographic diversity also requires that we hire, train, and retain competent management for the various local markets, which not only impacts our operational results but our managing and reporting functions. Demand for our products and our profitability are affected by trade relations between countries. We also have a significant manufacturing presence in Australia, Brazil, Europe, and China. These operations are affected by U.S. trade policies, such as additional tariffs on a broad range of imports, and retaliatory actions by foreign countries, most recently China, which have impacted sales of our products. In addition, there can be a derived indirect impact on demand for our products arising from quotas, restrictions, and retaliatory tariffs (e.g., China tariffs on imported soybeans affects U.S. net farm income). We expect that international sales will continue to account for a significant percentage of our net sales in the future. Accordingly, our foreign business operations and our foreign sales and profits are subject to the following potential risks: political and economic instability, resulting in the reduction of the value of, or the loss of, our investment; recessions in economies of countries in which we have business operations, decreasing our international sales; natural disasters and public health issues in our geographic markets, negatively impacting our workforce, manufacturing capability, and sales; difficulties and costs of staffing and managing our foreign operations, increasing our foreign operating costs and decreasing profits and with risk to our managing and reporting functions; potential violation of local laws or unsanctioned management actions that could affect our profitability or ability to compete in certain markets; difficulties in enforcing our rights outside the United States for patents on our manufacturing machinery, poles, and irrigation designs; increases in tariffs, export controls, taxes, and other trade barriers reducing our international sales and our profit on these sales; and acts of war or terrorism. 
 As a result, we may lose some of our foreign investment or our foreign sales and profits may be materially reduced because of risks of doing business in foreign markets. Failure to comply with any applicable anti-corruption legislation could result in fines, criminal penalties, and an adverse effect on our business. We must comply with all applicable laws, which include the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act FCPA ), the U.K. Bribery Act, and other anti-corruption laws. These anti-corruption laws generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments or providing anything of value to improperly influence government officials or private individuals for the purpose of obtaining or retaining a business advantage regardless of whether those practices are legal or culturally expected in a particular jurisdiction. Recently, there has been a substantial increase in the global enforcement of anti-corruption laws. Although we have a compliance program in place designed to reduce the likelihood of potential 
 15 

Table of Contents 
 violations of such laws, violations of these laws could result in criminal or civil sanctions and an adverse effect on the company s reputation, business, and results of operations and financial condition. We could incur substantial costs as the result of violations of, or liabilities under, environmental laws. Our facilities and operations are subject to U.S. and foreign laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment, including those governing the discharge of pollutants into the air and water, the management and disposal of hazardous substances and wastes, and the cleanup of contamination. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations, or with the permits required for our operations, could result in fines or civil or criminal sanctions, third party claims for property damage or personal injury, and investigation and cleanup costs. Potentially significant expenditures could be required in order to comply with environmental laws that regulators may adopt or impose in the future. Certain of our facilities have been in operation for many years and, over time, we and other predecessor operators of these facilities have generated, used, handled, and disposed of hazardous and other regulated wastes. We detected contaminants at some of our present and former sites, principally in connection with historical operations. In addition, from time to time we have been named as a potentially responsible party under Superfund or similar state laws. While we are not aware of any contaminated sites that are not provided for in our financial statements, including third party sites, at which we may have material obligations, the discovery of additional contaminants or the imposition of additional cleanup obligations at these sites could result in significant liability beyond amounts provided for in our financial statements. Design patent litigation related to guardrails could reduce demand for such products and raise litigation risk. Certain of the Company s foreign subsidiaries in India, New Zealand, and Australia manufacture highway safety products, primarily for sale in non-U.S. markets, and license certain design patents related to guardrails to third parties. There are currently domestic U.S. product liability lawsuits against some companies that manufacture and install certain guardrail products. Such lawsuits, some of which have at times involved a foreign subsidiary based on its design patent, could lead to a decline in demand for such products or approval for use of such products by government purchasers both domestically and internationally, and potentially raise litigation risk for foreign subsidiaries and negatively impact their sales and license fees. Liquidity and Capital Resources Risks We have, from time to time, maintained a substantial amount of outstanding indebtedness, which could impair our ability to operate our business and react to changes in our business, remain in compliance with debt covenants, and make payments on our debt. As of December 31, 2022, we had 878.0 million of total indebtedness outstanding. We had 659.4 million of capacity to borrow under our revolving credit facility at December 31, 2022. We normally borrow money to make business acquisitions and major capital expenditures. From time to time, our borrowings have been significant. Our level of indebtedness could have important consequences, including: our ability to satisfy our obligations under our debt agreements could be affected and any failure to comply with the requirements, including significant financial and other restrictive covenants, of any of our debt agreements and could result in an event of default under the agreements governing our indebtedness; a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations will be required to make interest and principal payments and will not be available for operations, working capital, capital expenditures, expansion, or general corporate and other purposes, including possible future acquisitions that we believe would be beneficial to our business; our ability to obtain additional financing in the future may be impaired; we may be more highly leveraged than our competitors, which may place us at a competitive disadvantage; our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and industry may be limited; and our degree of leverage may make us more vulnerable in the event of a downturn in our business, our industry or the economy in general. 

 16 

Table of Contents 
 We had 185.4 million of cash at December 31, 2022. Approximately 79 of our consolidated cash balances are outside the United States and most of our interest bearing debt is borrowed by U.S. entities. In the event that we would have to repatriate cash from international operations to meet cash needs in the U.S., we may be subject to legal, contractual, or other restrictions. In addition, as we use cash for acquisitions and other purposes, any of these factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and business prospects. The restrictions and covenants in our debt agreements could limit our ability to obtain future financings, make needed capital expenditures, withstand a future downturn in our business, or the economy in general, or otherwise conduct necessary corporate activities. These covenants may prevent us from taking advantage of business opportunities that arise. A breach of any of these covenants would result in a default under the applicable debt agreement. A default, if not waived, could result in acceleration of the debt outstanding under the agreement and in a default with respect to, and acceleration of, the debt outstanding under our other debt agreements. The accelerated debt would become immediately due and payable. If that should occur, we may not be able to pay all such debt or to borrow sufficient funds to refinance it. Even if new financing were then available, it may not be on terms that are favorable to us. We assumed an underfunded pension liability as part of the 2010 Delta acquisition and the combined company may be required to increase funding of the plan and/or be subject to restrictions on the use of excess cash. Delta is the sponsor of a United Kingdom defined benefit pension plan that, as of December 31, 2022, covered approximately 6,500 inactive or retired former Delta employees. The plan has no active employees as members. At December 31, 2022, this plan was, for accounting purposes, overfunded by approximately 20.1 million 24.2 million). The current agreement with the trustees of the pension plan for annual funding is approximately 13.1 million 16.0 million) in respect of the funding shortfall and approximately 1.3 million 1.6 million) in respect of administrative expenses. Although this funding obligation was considered in the acquisition price for the Delta shares, the underfunded position may adversely affect the combined company as follows: Laws and regulations in the United Kingdom normally require the plan trustees and us to agree on a new funding plan every three years. The last funding plan was developed in 2022. Changes in actuarial assumptions, including future discount, inflation, and interest rates, investment returns, and mortality rates, may increase the underfunded position of the pension plan and cause the combined company to increase its funding levels in the pension plan to cover underfunded liabilities. The United Kingdom regulates the pension plan, and the trustees represent the interests of covered workers. Laws and regulations, under certain circumstances, could create an immediate funding obligation to the pension plan, which could be significantly greater than the asset recognized for accounting purposes as of December 31, 2022. Such immediate funding is calculated by reference to the cost of buying out liabilities on the insurance market, and could affect our ability to fund the Company s future growth of the business or finance other obligations. 
 General Risks Our businesses require skilled labor and management talent and we may be unable to attract and retain qualified employees. Our businesses require skilled factory workers and management in order to meet our customers needs, grow our sales, and maintain competitive advantages. Skills such as welding, equipment maintenance, and operating complex manufacturing machinery may be in short supply in certain geographic areas, leading to shortages of skilled labor and/or increased labor costs. Management talent is critical, as well, to help grow our businesses and effectively plan for succession of key employees upon retirement. In some geographic areas, skilled management talent for certain positions may be difficult to find. To the extent we have difficulty in finding and retaining these skills in the workforce, there may be an adverse effect on our ability to grow profitably in the future. 
 17 

Table of Contents 
 We face strong competition in our markets. We face competitive pressures from a variety of companies in each of the markets we serve. Our competitors include companies who provide the technologies that we provide as well as companies who provide competing technologies, such as drip irrigation. Our competitors include international, national, and local manufacturers, some of whom may have greater financial, manufacturing, marketing, and technical resources than we do, or greater penetration in or familiarity with a particular geographic market than we have. In addition, certain of our competitors, particularly with respect to our utility and wireless communication product lines, have sought bankruptcy protection in recent years and may emerge with reduced debt service obligations, which could allow them to operate at pricing levels that put pressures on our margins. Some of our customers have moved manufacturing operations or product sourcing overseas, which can negatively impact our sales of galvanizing and anodizing services. To remain competitive, we will need to invest continuously in manufacturing, product development, and customer service, and we may need to reduce our prices, particularly with respect to customers in industries that are experiencing downturns. We cannot provide assurance that we will be able to maintain our competitive position in each of the markets that we serve. We may not realize the improved operating results that we anticipate from acquisitions we may make in the future, and we may experience difficulties in integrating the acquired businesses or may inherit significant liabilities related to such businesses. We explore opportunities to acquire businesses that we believe are related to our core competencies from time to time, some of which may be material to us. We expect such acquisitions will produce operating results better than those historically experienced or presently expected to be experienced in the future by us in the absence of the acquisition. We cannot provide assurance that this assumption will prove correct with respect to any acquisition. For example, in 2021, we acquired Prospera Technologies, Ltd., an integrated artificial intelligence AI technologies company that provides real-time crop analysis and anomaly detection solutions in agricultural fields. To provide these services, Prospera develops algorithms that can detect, with a high accuracy, field anomalies caused by pests, disease, or water issues. We store, process, and transmit agricultural field data. A failure to integrate innovative acquisitions such as Prospera could negatively impact future growth in our technology sales. Any future acquisitions may present significant challenges for our management due to the time and resources required to properly integrate management, employees, information systems, accounting controls, personnel, and administrative functions of the acquired business with those of Valmont and to manage the combined company on a going forward basis. We may not be able to completely integrate and streamline overlapping functions or, if such activities are successfully accomplished, such integration may be more costly to accomplish than presently contemplated. We may also have difficulty in successfully integrating the product offerings of Valmont and acquired businesses to improve our collective product offering. Our efforts to integrate acquired businesses could be affected by a number of factors beyond our control, including general economic conditions. In addition, the process of integrating acquired businesses could cause the interruption of, or loss of momentum in, the activities of our existing business. The diversion of management s attention and any delays or difficulties encountered in connection with the integration of acquired businesses could adversely impact our business, results of operations, and liquidity, and the benefits we anticipate may never materialize. These factors are relevant to any acquisition we undertake. In addition, although we conduct reviews of businesses we acquire, we may be subject to unexpected claims or liabilities, including environmental cleanup costs, as a result of these acquisitions. Such claims or liabilities could be costly to defend or resolve and be material in amount, and thus could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations and liquidity. 
 18 

Table of Contents 
 We may incur significant warranty or contract management costs. In our Infrastructure segment, we manufacture large structures for electrical transmission. These products may be highly engineered for very large, complex contracts and subject to terms and conditions that penalize us for late delivery and result in consequential and compensatory damages. From time to time, we may have a product quality issue on a large utility structures order and the costs of curing that issue may be significant. Our products in the Infrastructure segment also include structures for a wide range of outdoor lighting, traffic, and wireless communication applications. Our Agriculture products carry warranty provisions, some of which may span several years. In the event we have wide-spread product reliability issues with certain components, we may be required to incur significant costs to remedy the situation. Our operations could be adversely affected if our information technology systems are compromised or otherwise subjected to cybercrimes. Cybercrime continually increases in sophistication and may pose a significant risk to the security of our information technology systems and networks, which if breached could materially adversely affect the confidentiality, availability, and integrity of our data. Our operations involve transferring data across national borders, and we must comply with increasingly complex and rigorous standards to protect business and personal data in the U.S. and foreign countries, including members of the European Union. Additionally, our operations also include innovative technologies, such as Prospera Technologies, Ltd., an integrated AI technologies company. Successful cybersecurity attacks or other security incidents could result in the loss of key innovations in artificial intelligence, internet of things IoT ), or other disruptive technologies; the loss of access to critical data or systems through ransomware, crypto mining, destructive attacks, or other means; and business delays, service or system disruptions, or denials of service. We protect our sensitive information and confidential personal data, our facilities, and information technology systems, but we may be vulnerable to future security breaches. This could lead to legal risk, fines and penalties, negative publicity, theft, modification or destruction of proprietary information or key information, manufacture of defective products, production downtimes, and operational disruptions, which could adversely affect our reputation, competitiveness, and results of operations. Regulatory and business developments regarding climate change could adversely impact our operations and demand for our products. Regulatory and business developments regarding climate change could adversely impact our operations. We follow the scientific discussion on climate change and related legislative and regulatory enactments, including those under consideration, to deliberate the potential impact on our operations and demand for our products. The scientific discussion on the presence and scope of climate change and the attention that domestic and international legislatures and regulatory authorities have given to enacting or considering laws or rules related to climate change are expected to continue. The production and market for our products are subject to the impact of laws and rules related to climate change. Our customers, and our operating segments, are exposed to risks of increased costs to comply with such laws and rules, including increased costs for raw materials and transportation, as well as exposure to damage to our respective business reputations upon any failure of compliance. Other adverse consequences of climate change could include an increased frequency of severe weather events and rising sea levels that could affect operations at our manufacturing facilities, the price of insuring Company assets, or other unforeseen disruptions of the Company s operations, systems, property, or equipment. ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. None. ITEM 2. PROPERTIES. In 2021, we moved our corporate headquarters to a new leased facility in Omaha, Nebraska, under a lease expiring in 2046. The Company s reportable segments headquarters are also located at the corporate headquarters. We also maintain a management headquarters in Sydney, Australia. Most of our significant manufacturing locations are owned or are subject to long-term renewable leases. Our principal manufacturing locations are in Valley, Nebraska; McCook, Nebraska; Tulsa, 
 19 

Table of Contents 
 Oklahoma; Brenham, Texas; Charmeil, France; Uberaba, Brazil; Monterrey, Mexico; Siedlce, Poland; Shanghai, China; and Dubai, United Arab Emirates. All of these facilities are owned by us. We believe that our manufacturing capabilities and capacities are adequate for us to effectively serve our customers. Our capital spending programs consist of investment for replacement, achieving operational efficiencies, and expanding capacities where needed. Our principal operating locations by reportable segment are listed below. Infrastructure segment North America manufacturing operations are located in Alabama, Arizona, California, Colorado, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Kansas, Minnesota, Nebraska, New Jersey, Oklahoma, Oregon, Pennsylvania, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Utah, Virginia, Washington, Canada, and Mexico. The largest of these operations are in Valley, Nebraska; Brenham, Texas; Tulsa, Oklahoma; and Monterrey, Mexico, all of which are owned facilities. We have communication component distribution locations in California, Colorado, Florida, Georgia, Nebraska, New York, and Texas. International locations are in Australia, China, England, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, India, Indonesia, Italy, Malaysia, the Netherlands, New Zealand, the Philippines, Poland, and Thailand. The largest of these operations are in Charmeil, France, and Shanghai, China, both of which are owned facilities. Agriculture segment North America manufacturing operations are located in Nebraska and Indiana. Our principal manufacturing operations serving international markets are located in Uberaba, Brazil; Dubai, United Arab Emirates; Shandong, China; and a technology R D center in Israel. All facilities are owned except for China and Israel, which are leased. Operations in the Other segment, which were divested during 2022, are located in Denmark. ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. We are not a party to, nor are any of our properties subject to, any material legal proceedings. We are, from time to time, engaged in routine litigation incidental to our businesses. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. Not applicable. Information about our Executive Officers Our current executive officers, their ages, positions held, and the business experience of each during the past five years are, as follows: Stephen G. Kaniewski, age 51, President and Chief Executive Officer since December 2017. President and Chief Operating Officer from October 2016 to December 2017. Utility Support Structures Group President from August 2015 to October 2016. Vice President of Global Operations for the Irrigation business in 2014. Avner M. Applbaum, age 51, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since March 2020. Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer of Double E Company, an equipment manufacturer, from 2017 to March 2020. Diane Larkin, age 58, Executive Vice President, Global Operations since June 2020. Senior Vice President of Operations and Global Supply for Pentair from 2017 to June 2020. Aaron Schapper, age 49, Group President, Infrastructure since February 2020. Utility Support Structures Group President from October 2016 to February 2020. General Manager, International Irrigation from October 2011 to October 2016. Renee L. Campbell, age 53, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and Treasurer since February 2022. Vice President, Investor Relations and Corporate Communications from 2017 to February 2022. 
 20 

Table of Contents 
 Timothy P. Francis, age 46, Senior Vice President and Finance Business Partner Global Operations since June 2022. Senior Vice President and Controller from June 2014 to June 2022. Gene Padgett, age 52, Senior Vice President, Finance and Chief Accounting Officer since November 2022. Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer of DXP Enterprises, Inc., an industrial products distributor and equipment manufacturer, from 2018 to October 2022. T. Mitchell Parnell, age 57, Executive Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer since January 2019. Vice President, Human Resources, Valmont Engineered Support Structures from 2016 to 2018. Claudio O. Laterreur, age 56, Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer since May 2019. US Industrial Products Partner at IBM and North America Vice President for manufacturing at Neoris from 2013 to May 2019. R. Andrew Massey, age 53, Vice President and Chief Legal Compliance Officer since 2006. Ellen S. Dasher, age 53, Vice President, Global Taxation since December 2015, previously Assistant Director of Taxation. 
 21 

Table of Contents 
 PART II ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS, AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. Our common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol VMI . We had approximately 36,163 shareholders of common stock at December 31, 2022. Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Total Number of Shares Purchased Approximate Dollar as Part of Value of Maximum Total Number Publicly Number of of Announced Plans Shares that may yet Shares Average Price or be Purchased under the Period Purchased paid per share Programs Program (1) September 25, 2022 to October 22, 2022 101,371,000 October 23, 2022 to November 26, 2022 26,995 328.93 26,995 92,523,000 November 27, 2022 to December 31, 2022 33,207 334.38 33,207 81,419,000 Total 60,202 331.94 60,202 81,419,000 (1) On May 13, 2014, we announced a capital allocation philosophy which covered both the quarterly dividend rate as well as a share repurchase program. The Board of Directors at that time authorized the purchase of up to 500 million of the Company s outstanding common stock from time to time over twelve months at prevailing market prices, through open market or privately-negotiated transactions. On February 24, 2015, and again on October 31, 2018, the Board of Directors authorized additional purchases of up to 250 million of the Company s outstanding common stock with no stated expiration date bringing total authorization to 1.0 billion. As of December 31, 2022, we have acquired 6,613,018 shares for approximately 918.6 million under this share repurchase program. Subsequent to year end, on February 27, 2023, the Board of Directors increased the amount remaining under the program by an additional 400 million, with no stated expiration date. 
 
 22 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 6. [RESERVED] ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATION. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS Forward Looking Statements Management s discussion and analysis, and other sections of this annual report, contain forward looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward looking statements are based on assumptions that management has made in light of experience in the industries in which the Company operates, as well as management s perceptions of historical trends, current conditions, expected future developments, and other factors believed to be appropriate under the circumstances. These statements are not guarantees of performance or results. They involve risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond the Company s control), and assumptions. Management believes that these forward looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions. Many factors could affect the Company s actual financial results and cause them to differ materially from those anticipated in the forward looking statements. These factors include, among other things, risk factors described from time to time in the Company s reports to the Securities and Exchange Commission, as well as future economic and market circumstances, industry conditions, company performance and financial results, operating efficiencies, availability and price of raw materials, availability and market acceptance of new products, product pricing, domestic and international competitive environments, and actions and policy changes of domestic and foreign governments. The following discussion and analysis provides information which management believes is relevant to an assessment and understanding of our consolidated results of operations and financial position. This discussion should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and related Notes. This section of this Form 10-K generally discusses 2022 and 2021 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2022 and 2021. Discussions of 2020 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2021 and 2020 that are not included in this Form 10-K can be found in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations in Part II, Item 7 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 25, 2021. During the first quarter of 2022, the Company s Chief Operating Decision Maker CODM changed the Company s management structure and began to manage the business, allocate resources, and evaluate performance based on the new structure. As a result, the Company has realigned to a two reportable segment structure organized by market dynamics (Infrastructure and Agriculture). Three operating segments resulted from the new management structure and two are aggregated into the Agriculture reportable segment. The Company considers gross profit margins, nature of products sold, nature of the production processes, type and class of customer, and methods used to distribute products when assessing aggregation of operating segments. The Infrastructure segment includes the previous reportable segments of Utility Support Structures, Engineered Support Structures, and Coatings. All prior period segment information has been recast to reflect this change in reportable segments. 
 23 

Table of Contents 
 General 

2022 2021 Change 2022 - 2021 2020 Change 2021 - 2020 Dollars in millions, except per share amounts Consolidated Net sales 4,345.2 3,501.6 24.1 2,895.4 20.9 Gross profit 1,126.3 883.9 27.4 765.5 15.5 as a percent of sales 25.9 25.2 26.4 SG A expense 693.0 597.1 16.1 539.6 10.7 as a percent of sales 15.9 17.1 18.6 Operating income 433.3 286.8 51.1 225.9 27.0 as a percent of sales 10.0 8.2 7.8 Net interest expense 45.5 41.4 9.9 38.7 7.0 Effective tax rate 29.9 23.6 25.7 Net earnings 250.9 195.6 28.3 140.7 39.0 Diluted earnings per share 11.62 9.10 27.7 6.57 38.5 Infrastructure Net sales 2,909.7 2,361.5 23.2 2,135.2 10.6 Gross profit 736.6 603.6 22.0 564.9 6.9 SG A expense 382.1 330.0 15.8 347.6 (5.1) Operating income 354.5 273.6 29.6 217.3 25.9 Agriculture Net sales 1,335.3 1,017.1 31.3 640.1 58.9 Gross profit 381.8 297.7 28.2 197.3 50.9 SG A expense 202.5 160.6 26.1 114.2 40.6 Operating income 179.3 137.1 30.8 83.1 65.0 Other Net sales 100.2 123.0 (18.5) 120.1 2.4 Gross profit (loss) 7.9 (18.2) NM 3.3 NM SG A expense 5.6 22.0 (74.5) 11.5 91.3 Operating income (loss) 2.3 (40.2) NM (8.2) 390.2 Net corporate expense Gross profit 0.8 SG A 102.8 84.5 21.7 66.3 27.5 Operating loss (102.8) (83.7) 22.8 (66.3) 26.2 
 24 

Table of Contents 
 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS FISCAL 2022 COMPARED WITH FISCAL 2021 Overview The increase in net sales in 2022, as compared with 2021, was the result of higher sales in both the Infrastructure and Agriculture segments. Fiscal 2022 included 53 weeks, while fiscal 2021 included 52 weeks. The estimated impact on the Company s results of operations due to the extra week in fiscal 2022 was additional net sales of approximately 80.8 million and additional net earnings of approximately 5.3 million. 

Total Infrastructure Agriculture Other Sales - 2021 3,501.6 2,361.5 1,017.1 123.0 Volume 184.0 108.7 88.9 (13.6) Pricing / mix 686.5 459.4 223.1 4.0 Acquisition 30.1 28.8 1.3 Currency translation (57.0) (48.7) 4.9 (13.2) Sales - 2022 4,345.2 2,909.7 1,335.3 100.2 Volume impacts are estimated based on physical production or sales measure. Since products we sell are not uniform in nature, pricing and mix relate to a combination of changes in sales prices and the attributes of the product sold. Accordingly, pricing and mix changes do not necessarily result in operating income changes. Due to supply chain disruptions and lingering impacts of the pandemic, average steel prices for both hot rolled coil and plate were volatile over the past few years, especially in North America. While hot rolled coil steel has decreased in price, the steel consumed during 2022 within cost of sales was at a much higher average cost as compared to 2021. Gross profit margin was higher in 2022, as compared to 2021, as customer pricing mechanisms and product selling price practices allowed for the recovery of price inflation for the Infrastructure and Agriculture reportable segments. Items Impacting Comparability Items of note impacting the comparability of results from net earnings for 2022 included the following: charges totaling 33.3 million (no associated tax benefit) related to the divestiture of the offshore wind energy structures business, incremental stock-based compensation expense of 5.0 million 4.6 million after-tax) for the employees from the Prospera subsidiary acquired in 2021, and incremental amortization of identified intangible assets of 3.6 million 2.4 million after-tax) associated from the Prospera subsidiary acquired in 2021. 
 Items of note impacting the comparability of results from net earnings for 2021 included the following: charges totaling pre-tax 27.9 million 21.7 million after-tax) related to the impairment of the offshore wind energy structures business long-lived assets. In addition, income tax expense of 5.1 million to establish a valuation allowance related to the tax assets of the associated product line, and charges totaling 5.5 million 4.3 million after-tax) related to the write-off of a receivable. 
 Acquisitions The Company acquired the following businesses in 2022 and 2021: 51 of ConcealFab in the second quarter of 2022 for 39.3 million. ConcealFab is a Colorado-based 5G infrastructure and passive intermodulation mitigation solutions company (Infrastructure), 
 25 

Table of Contents 
 Prospera in the second quarter of 2021 for 300 million. Prospera was a privately-held Israeli-based artificial intelligence company focused on machine learning and computer vision in agriculture (Agriculture), and PivoTrac in the second quarter of 2021 for 12.5 million. PivoTrac is an agricultural technology company that offers solutions focused on remote monitoring of center pivot irrigation machines (Agriculture). 
 Divestitures The Company divested its offshore wind energy structures business in the fourth quarter of 2022, which resulted in a loss of approximately 33.3 million (no associated tax benefit). The offshore wind energy structures business is included in the Other segment and the loss was recorded in Other income (expenses) in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings. Macroeconomic Impacts on Financial Results and Liquidity We continue to monitor several macroeconomic and geopolitical trends that impacted our business, including inflationary cost pressures, supply chain disruptions, the strengthened U.S. dollar, the ongoing Russia-Ukraine conflict, changing conditions from the COVID-19 pandemic, and labor shortages. Change in Reportable Segments On December 26, 2021, the Company s CODM began to manage the business, allocate resources, and evaluate performance based on changes made to the Company s management structure. As a result, the Company has realigned its reportable segment structure. The Company reorganized from a four segment structure previously organized by product category (Utility Support Structures, Engineered Support Structures, Coatings, and Irrigation) to a two segment reporting structure organized by market dynamics (Infrastructure and Agriculture). All prior period information has been recast to reflect this change in reportable segments. See Note 21 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. In addition to these two reportable segments, the Company had a business and related activities that are not more than 10 of consolidated sales, operating income, or assets. This includes the offshore wind energy structures business and was reported in the Other segment until its divestiture in 2022. Currency Translation The continued strengthening of the U.S. dollar resulted in negative foreign currency impacts for many of our businesses located in foreign jurisdictions. In 2022, we realized an increase in operating profit, as compared with fiscal 2021, despite these overall negative currency translation effects. The breakdown of this effect by segment was as follows: 

Total Infrastructure Agriculture Other Corporate Full year (2.0) (5.9) 3.1 0.3 0.5 Gross Profit, SG A, and Operating Income At a consolidated level, gross profit as a percent of sales was higher in 2022, as compared with 2021. Gross profit as a percent of sales was relatively flat for both the Infrastructure and Agriculture segments, as increased raw material and labor costs were offset by an increase in average selling prices. Gross profit was higher for both the Infrastructure and Agriculture segments in 2022. The Company saw an increase in selling, general, and administrative SG A expense in 2022, as compared to 2021. The increase in SG A was due to the incremental SG A from the Prospera acquisition in May 2021 (including intangible asset amortization, stock-based compensation, and research and development costs), higher incentives and stock-based compensation costs due to improved operations, salary merit increases, and higher travel costs. In 2021, the Other segment recognized a pre-tax 27.9 million impairment charge of long-lived assets 21.4 million recognized in cost of goods sold and 6.5 million in SG A) and a 5.5 million write-off of an accounts receivable related to the offshore wind energy structures business that did not recur in 2022. 
 26 

Table of Contents 
 Net Interest Expense and Debt Net interest expense in 2022 was higher than 2021 due to higher average borrowings during the year. Interest income was also higher in 2022, as compared to 2021, due to higher interest rates. Other Income/Expense (including Gain (loss) on investments unrealized) The change in other income/expenses in 2022, as compared to 2021, was primarily due to a lower pension benefit of 4.5 million and the change in the valuation of deferred compensation assets which resulted in a lower income of 5.5 million. These decreases were offset by an increase in investment income of 2.7 million and a gain of 2.1 million related to insurance proceeds received associated with windstorm damage at one of our facilities in France. The change related to deferred compensation assets is offset by an opposite change of the same amount in SG A expense. Income Tax Expense Our effective income tax rate in 2022 and 2021 was 29.9 and 23.6 , respectively. In 2022, the increase in the effective tax rate was the result of a change in geographical earnings and the approximately 33.3 million loss from divestiture of the offshore wind energy structures business which had no associated income tax benefit. In 2021, the effective tax rate was impacted by a U.S. tax benefit related to foreign taxes paid which was offset by a valuation allowance recorded against the offshore wind energy business structures deferred tax assets. Earnings Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests Earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests were higher in 2022 compared with 2021, primarily due to the new noncontrolling interest not acquired as part of the acquisition of 51 ownership of ConcealFab in the first half of 2022. Cash Flows from Operations Our cash flows provided by operations were 326.3 million in fiscal 2022, as compared with 65.9 million provided by operations in fiscal 2021. The increase in operating cash flow in 2022, as compared with 2021, was primarily due to the increase in net earnings and a significant increase in working capital levels during 2021 that did not occur in 2022, partially offset by an increase of approximately 15.2 million in contributions to the defined benefit pension plan. Infrastructure Segment 

Fifty-three and fifty-two weeks ended Dollar Infrastructure 2022 2021 Change Change Sales, gross of intercompany eliminations: Transmission, Distribution, and Substation 1,184.7 935.1 249.6 26.7 Lighting Transportation 940.5 825.9 114.6 13.9 Coatings 356.7 309.7 47.0 15.2 Telecommunications 320.3 238.5 81.8 34.3 Renewable Energy 126.2 62.9 63.3 100.6 Total 2,928.4 2,372.1 556.3 23.5 Operating Income 354.5 273.6 80.9 29.6 Net sales were higher in 2022 by approximately 548.2 million as compared to 2021, primarily driven by higher average selling prices across all product lines, partially offset by 48.7 million of unfavorable foreign currency translation effects year over year. The increase in net sales for North America in 2022 versus 2021 was substantially higher than the increase within international markets, partially attributed to the unfavorable currency translation effects (continued strengthening of the U.S. dollar). 
 27 

Table of Contents 
 In the TD S product line, net sales increased in 2022, as compared with 2021, due primarily to a substantial increase in average selling prices for the steel structures product line. A number of our sales contracts in North America contain provisions that tie the sales price to published steel index pricing at the time our customer issues their purchase order. Sales volumes increased modestly in 2022 as compared to 2021. Lighting and transportation net sales increased in 2022, as compared to 2021 from the realization of customer pricing actions. Sales volumes increased in North America but decreased within international markets in fiscal year 2022, as compared to fiscal year 2021. Reported international sales decreased in 2022, as compared to 2021, by approximately 32.1 million due to unfavorable foreign currency translation effects. In the Telecommunications product line, net sales increased in 2022, as compared to 2021, due primarily to higher average selling prices and approximately 26.9 million of net sales attributed to the 2022 acquisition of ConcealFab. Higher sales volume in 2022 for North America, primarily attributed to the 5G deployments across additional markets, was partially offset by lower sales volume within international markets. Coatings net sales increased in 2022, as compared to 2021, due to higher average selling prices, adjusted throughout the year to reflect higher average zinc costs and production wage inflation. Sales volume increased modestly in both North America and international markets in 2022, as compared to 2021. Reported international sales for the Coatings product line decreased in 2022, as compared to 2021, by approximately 10.1 million due to unfavorable foreign currency translation effects. Renewable Energy net sales doubled in 2022, as compared to 2021, almost all attributed to an increase in sales volume. Gross profit was higher in 2022, as compared to 2021. Contractual customer pricing mechanisms and selling price management led to a large increase in average selling prices while maintaining gross profit margins during the highly inflationary environment. SG A was higher in 2022, as compared to 2021, due to wage inflation, increased incentives due to improved financial performance, increased travel expense, and SG A attributed to the recent acquisition. Operating income increased in 2022 due the increase in net sales more than offsetting the effects of inflation and other increased expenses in both cost of sales and to SG A. Agriculture Segment 

Fifty-three and fifty-two weeks ended Dollar Agriculture 2022 2021 Change Change Sales, gross of intercompany eliminations: North America 766.9 545.6 221.3 40.6 International 579.8 483.1 96.7 20.0 Total 1,346.7 1,028.7 318.0 30.9 Operating Income 179.3 137.1 42.2 30.8 Agriculture segment net sales increased in 2022 by approximately 318.2 million as compared to 2021, primarily due to much higher average selling prices of irrigation equipment globally of approximately 22 . In North America, higher sales volumes for irrigation systems and parts in 2022, as compared to 2021, were driven by improved agricultural commodity prices. International irrigation experienced a slightly lower sales volume in 2022, as compared to 2021. Overall lower project sales to Egypt for the year 2022 more than offset the sales volume increases in many foreign markets. Partially offsetting that decrease was a sales volume increase in 2022 versus 2021 due to robust demand for irrigation equipment and agriculture solar products in Brazil. Sales of technology-related products increased 17.2 million as growers continued their adoption of technology to reduce costs and enhance profitability. 
 28 

Table of Contents 
 SG A was higher in 2022, as compared to 2021, due to higher overall compensation costs and higher incentives due to improved business performance, as well as the incremental SG A from the Prospera subsidiary acquired in the second quarter of 2021 (including the amortization of identified intangible assets, research and development costs, and stock-compensation expense). Operating income increased in 2022 over 2021, as improved global sales volumes and pricing more than offset increases in the cost of sales and SG A. Other In November 2022, the Company completed the sale of Valmont SM, an offshore wind energy structures business with operations in Denmark. The Company realized an approximate 33.3 million loss on the sale that is recorded in Other income (expenses) in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings, subject to certain post-closing adjustments. In 2021, the offshore wind energy structures business recognized a pre-tax 27.9 million impairment charge of long-lived assets and a 5.5 million write-off of an accounts receivable that did not recur in 2022. Net Corporate Expense Corporate SG A expense was higher in 2022 as compared to 2021. The increase can be attributed to higher incentive expenses due to improved business performance, an increase in stock compensation expense, an increase in compensation expense due to salary merit increases, as well as an increase in rent expense of 2.7 million with the new corporate headquarters lease starting in the second quarter of 2021. The increase was partially offset by the change in valuation of deferred compensation plan assets which resulted in lower expense of 5.5 million in 2022, as compared to 2021. The change in deferred compensation plan assets is offset by the same amount in other income/expenses. FISCAL 2021 COMPARED WITH FISCAL 2020 Infrastructure Segment Net sales were higher in 2021 by approximately 226.3 million as compared to 2020, primarily driven by higher average selling prices across all product lines, as well as 33.3 million of favorable foreign currency translation effects year over year. In the TD S product line, net sales increased approximately 139.4 million in 2021, as compared with 2020, due primarily to an increase in average selling prices for the steel structures product line, reflecting the significant inflation seen in the cost of steel during 2021. A number of our sales contracts in North America contain provisions that tie the sales price to published steel index pricing at the time our customer issues their purchase order. Lighting and transportation net sales increased by approximately 28.6 million in 2021, as compared to 2020. Sales volumes slightly decreased in North America as declines in volumes within the transportation markets were partially offset by increased higher average selling pricing year over year. Sales increased within international markets in fiscal year 2021, as compared to fiscal year 2020, due to favorable foreign currency translation effects of approximately 24 million, slightly higher average selling prices, and slightly lower sales volumes. In the Telecommunication product line, net sales increased by approximately 52.3 million in 2021, as compared to 2020, due primarily to higher net sales in North America, as communication product sales volumes increased due to strong demand from 5G and other connectivity initiatives and an increase in average selling prices. Communication product line sales within international markets increased modestly in 2021 mostly attributed to an increase in volume. Coatings net sales increased approximately 29.5 million in 2021, as compared to 2020, due to higher average selling prices and favorable foreign currency translation. In North America, higher average selling prices helped to counteract the higher cost of zinc that incurred throughout the year. North America continued to see decreased industrial production attributed largely to the economic impacts from COVID-19, but not to the severity of 2020. In Asia-Pacific region, sales volumes improved in all regions, primarily due to sales pricing increases, higher volumes, and favorable foreign currency translation. 
 29 

Table of Contents 
 In the Renewable Energy product line, net sales decreased approximately 23.5 million in 2021, as compared to 2020, due to a decrease in sales volumes attributed to less large projects. Gross profit was higher by approximately 38.7 million in 2021, as compared to 2020. Contractual customer pricing mechanisms along with selling price management led to a large increase in average selling prices which more than offset the higher costs of goods sold. The increase in sales volume for Telecommunications product line also contributed to the increase in gross profit. SG A was lower in 2021, as compared to 2020, primarily due to recording a partial goodwill and tradename impairment for the Access Systems business of 16.6 million during 2020 and other restructuring costs recognized in 2020 that did not recur in 2021. Operating income increased in 2021, as compared to 2020, due the increase in net sales and the decrease in SG A. Agriculture Segment Agriculture segment net sales increased in 2021 by approximately 377.0 million, as compared to 2020, primarily due to higher sales volumes in almost all markets, as well as higher average selling prices. Net sales also increased slightly due to the continuing increase in sales of technology-related products and services, strengthened by our acquisitions of Prospera and PivoTrac that occurred in 2021. The sales increase for International irrigation of 215.7 million was primarily due to deliveries on the multi-year Egypt project and higher sales volumes in Brazil. In North America, higher sales volumes for irrigation systems and parts were driven by improved agricultural commodity prices. Average selling prices for the North American tubular product line were up substantially in 2021, versus 2020, to reflect the inflation seen in the cost of steel during 2021. SG A was higher in 2021, as compared to 2020, due to approximately 20.0 million of SG A from the acquisitions of Prospera and PivoTrac, higher compensation costs, and higher incentives due to improved business performance. These increases were somewhat offset by one-time costs associated with the early retirement program incurred in 2020. Operating income increased in 2021 over 2020, as improved global sales volumes and pricing more than offset increases in the cost of steel. Other The net sales for the offshore wind energy structures business in 2021 was comparable 2020. Gross profit decreased in 2021, as compared to 2020, due primarily to the 21.4 million impairment of long-lived assets. SG A expense was higher in 2021, as compared with 2020, primarily due to 6.5 million of impairments of intangible assets and a 5.5 million write-off of an accounts receivable. Operating income decreased in 2021 primarily due to the 27.9 million impairment of long-lived assets for the offshore wind energy structures business. LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES Capital Allocation Philosophy We have historically funded our growth, capital spending, and acquisitions through a combination of operating cash flows and debt financing. The following are the capital allocation/priorities for cash generated: working capital and capital expenditure investments necessary for future sales growth; dividends on common stock generally in the range of 20 of the prior year s fully diluted net earnings; acquisitions; and return of capital to shareholders through share repurchases. 
 We also announced our intention to manage our capital structure to maintain our investment grade debt rating. Our most recent ratings were Baa3 by Moody s Investors Services, Inc., BBB- by Fitch Ratings, and BBB+ by Standard and Poor s Rating Services. We would be willing to allow our debt rating to fall to BBB- to finance a special acquisition or other 
 30 

Table of Contents 
 opportunity. We expect to maintain a ratio of debt to invested capital which will support our current investment grade debt rating. The Board of Directors in May 2014 authorized the purchase of up to 500 million of the Company s outstanding common stock from time to time over twelve months at prevailing market prices, through open market or privately-negotiated transactions. The Board of Directors authorized an additional 250 million of share purchases, without an expiration date in both February 2015 and again in October 2018. The purchases are funded from available working capital and short-term borrowings and will be made subject to market and economic conditions. We are not obligated to make any repurchases and may discontinue the program at any time. As of December 31, 2022, we have acquired approximately 6.6 million shares for approximately 918.6 million under this share repurchase program. Subsequent to year end, on February 27, 2023, the Board of Directors increased the amount remaining under the program by an additional 400 million, with no stated expiration date. Sources of Financing Our debt financing at December 31, 2022 consisted primarily of long term debt and borrowings on our revolving credit facility. Our long term debt as of December 31, 2022, principally consisted of: 450 million face value 433.1 million carrying value) of senior unsecured notes that bear interest at 5.00 per annum and are due in October 2044. 305 million face value 295.0 million carrying value) of senior unsecured notes that bear interest at 5.25 per annum and are due in October 2054. 
 We are allowed to repurchase the notes subject to the payment of a make-whole premium. Both tranches of these notes are guaranteed by certain of our subsidiaries. Our revolving credit facility with JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, and the other lenders party thereto, has a maturity date of October 18, 2026. The revolving credit facility provides for 800 million of committed unsecured revolving credit loans with available borrowings thereunder to 400 million in foreign currencies. We may increase the credit facility by up to an additional 300 million at any time, subject to lenders increasing the amount of their commitments. The Company and our wholly-owned subsidiaries, Valmont Industries Holland B.V. and Valmont Group Pty. Ltd., are authorized borrowers under the credit facility. The obligations arising under the revolving credit facility are guaranteed by the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries, Valmont Telecommunications, Inc., Valmont Coatings, Inc., Valmont Newmark, Inc., and Valmont Queensland Pty. Ltd. The interest rate on our borrowings will be, at our option, either: (a) term SOFR (based on a 1-, 3-, or 6-month interest period, as selected by the Company) plus a 10 basis point adjustment plus a spread of 100 to 162.5 basis points, depending on the credit rating of the Company s senior, unsecured, long-term debt published by Standard Poor s Rating Services and Moody s Investors Service, Inc.; (b) the higher of 
 the prime lending rate, the overnight bank rate plus 50 basis points, and term SOFR (based on a one-month interest period) plus 100 basis points, 
 plus, in each case, 0 to 62.5 basis points, depending on the credit rating of our senior, unsecured, long-term debt published by Standard Poor s Rating Services and Moody s Investors Service, Inc.; or 
 31 

Table of Contents 
 (c) daily simple SOFR plus a 10 basis point adjustment plus a spread of 100 to 162.5 basis points, depending on the credit rating of the Company s senior, unsecured, long-term debt published by Standard Poor s Rating Services and Mood s Investors Service, Inc. 
 A commitment fee is also required under the revolving credit facility which accrues at 10 to 25 basis points, depending on the credit rating of our senior, unsecured long-term debt published by Standard and Poor s Rating Services and Moody s Investor Services, Inc., on the average daily unused portion of the commitments under the revolving credit agreement. As of December 31, 2022, we had outstanding borrowings of 140.5 million under the revolving credit facility. The revolving credit facility has a maturity date of October 18, 2026, and contains a financial covenant that may limit our additional borrowing capability under the agreement. As of December 31, 2022, we had the ability to borrow 659.4 million under this facility, after consideration of standby letters of credit of 0.2 million associated with certain insurance obligations. We also maintain certain short term bank lines of credit totaling 125.0 million, of which 119.2 million was unused as of December 31, 2022. Our senior, unsecured notes and revolving credit agreement each contain cross-default provisions which permit the acceleration of our indebtedness to them if we default on other indebtedness that results in, or permits, the acceleration of such other indebtedness. The revolving credit facility requires maintenance of a financial leverage ratio, measured as of the last day of each of our fiscal quarters, of 3.50:1 or less. The leverage ratio is the ratio of: (a) interest-bearing debt minus unrestricted cash in excess of 50 million (but not exceeding 500 million); to (b) adjusted EBITDA. The debt agreements provide a modification of the definition of EBITDA to add-back any non-cash stock-based compensation in any trailing twelve month period and allow for an adjustment to EBITDA, subject to certain limitations, for non-cash charges or gains that are non-recurring in nature. The leverage ratio is permitted to increase from 3.50:1 to 3:75:1 for the four consecutive fiscal quarters after certain material acquisitions. The revolving credit agreement also contains customary affirmative and negative covenants or credit facilities of this type, including, among others, limitations on us and our subsidiaries with respect to indebtedness, liens, mergers and acquisitions, investments, dispositions of assets, restricted payments, transactions with affiliates and prepayments of indebtedness. The revolving credit agreement also provides for acceleration of the obligations thereunder and exercise of other enforcement remedies upon the occurrence of customary events of default (subject to customary grace periods, as applicable). As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with all covenants related to these debt agreements. The calculation of Adjusted EBITDA-last four quarters and the leverage ratio are in Selected Financial Measures. Cash Uses Our principal cash requirements include working capital, capital expenditures, payments of principal and interest on our debt, payments of taxes, contributions to pension plan, and, if market conditions warrant, occasional investments in, or acquisitions of, business ventures. In addition, we regularly evaluate our ability to pay dividends or repurchase stock, all consistent with the terms of our debt agreements. Cash requirements for fiscal 2023 are expected to consist primarily of capital expenditures, Delta pension plan contributions, operating leases, and interest on outstanding debt. The Company also has unconditional purchase commitments that relate to purchase orders for zinc, aluminum, and steel, all of which we plan to use in 2023. We believe the quantities under contract are reasonable in light of normal fluctuations in business levels and we expect to use the commodities under contract during the contract period. Total capital expenditures for fiscal 2023 are expected to be approximately 105 to 125 million. 
 32 

Table of Contents 
 The following table summarizes current and long-term material cash requirements as of December 31, 2022 (in millions of dollars): 

Next 12 Contractual Obligations Total months Thereafter Long term debt 899.1 1.2 897.9 Interest 1 1,070.3 40.4 1,029.9 Delta pension plan contributions 206.8 16.0 190.8 Operating leases 235.4 23.2 212.2 Total contractual cash obligations 2,411.6 80.8 2,330.8 1 Interest expense amount assumes that long-term debt will be held to maturity. Our businesses are cyclical, but we have diversity in our markets from a product, customer, and a geographical standpoint. We have demonstrated the ability to effectively manage through business cycles and maintain liquidity. We have consistently generated operating cash flows in excess of our capital expenditures. Based on our available credit facilities, issuance of senior unsecured notes, and our history of positive operational cash flows, we believe that we have adequate liquidity to meet our needs for fiscal year 2023 and beyond. We had cash balances of 185.4 million as of December 31, 2022, approximately 147.2 million is held in our non-U.S. subsidiaries. If we distributed our foreign cash balances, certain taxes would be applicable. As of December 31, 2022, we had a liability for foreign withholding taxes and U.S. state income taxes of 2.0 million and 0.9 million, respectively. Cash Flows 

Dollars in thousands 2022 2021 2020 Cash flow data: Net cash flows from operating activities 326,265 65,938 316,294 Net cash flows from investing activities (132,080) (417,308) (104,029) Net cash flows from financing activities (181,905) 133,500 (173,756) Operating Cash Flows and Working Capital Cash generated from operating activities totaled 326.3 million in 2022 compared with 65.9 million in 2021. Net working capital was 976.6 million as of December 31, 2022, as compared with 946.9 million as of December 25, 2021. The increase in net working capital in 2022 was attributed to the overall increase in net sales and the related impact on contract asset and receivables, partially offset by increases in accounts payable and other accrued expenses. Overall working capital was also affected by our use of cash to fund our capital spending and acquisition of ConcealFab as well as our various financing activities. Investing Cash Flows Cash used in investing activities totaled 132.1 million in 2022, compared to 417.3 million in 2021. Investing activities in 2022 included capital spending of 93.3 million and the acquisition of a controlling ownership investment in ConcealFab for 39.3 million. In 2021, investing activities primarily included capital spending of 107.8 million and the acquisitions of two businesses within the Agriculture segment for 312.5 million. Financing Cash Flows Cash used in financing activities totaled 181.9 million in 2022, compared to cash provided by financing activities of 133.5 million in 2021. Our total interest bearing debt decreased to 878.0 million as of December 31, 2022, from 965.4 million on December 25, 2021. Financing cash outflows in 2022 primarily consisted of principal payments of long-term borrowings of 336.4, offset by proceeds from long-term debt borrowings of 254.0 million, dividends paid of 45.8 million, net payments on short-term agreements of 7.6 million, the purchase of treasury shares of 40.5 million, and the purchase of noncontrolling interests of 7.3 million. During 2021, the Company had proceeds from long-term debt borrowings of 312.5 million, offset by payments on long-term debt of 91.3 million, dividends paid of 41.4 million, net payments on short-term agreements of 20.2 million, and the purchase of treasury shares of 26.1 million. 
 33 

Table of Contents 
 Guarantor Summarized Financial Information We are providing the following information in compliance with Rule 3-10 and Rule 13-01 of Regulation S-X with respect to our two tranches of senior unsecured notes. All of the senior notes are guaranteed, jointly, severally, fully, and unconditionally (subject to certain customary release provisions, including sale of the subsidiary guarantor, or sale of all or substantially all of its assets) by certain of the Company s current and future direct and indirect domestic and foreign subsidiaries (collectively the Guarantors ). The Parent is the Issuer of the notes and consolidates all Guarantors. The financial information of Issuer and Guarantors is presented on a combined basis with intercompany balances and transactions between Issuer and Guarantors eliminated. The Issuer s or Guarantors amounts due from, amounts due to, and transactions with non-guarantor subsidiaries are separately disclosed. Combined financial information is as follows: Supplemental Combined Parent and Guarantors Financial Information For the three-year period ended December 31, 2022 

Dollars in thousands 2022 2021 2020 Net sales 2,876,425 2,139,427 1,854,141 Gross Profit 695,211 574,128 512,880 Operating income 268,142 208,041 180,206 Net earnings 167,114 120,655 106,404 Net earnings attributable to Valmont Industries, Inc. 167,220 120,458 102,266 Supplemental Combined Parent and Guarantors Financial Information December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021 

Dollars in thousands 2022 2021 Current assets 769,263 801,797 Noncurrent assets 925,088 807,294 Current liabilities 459,961 383,394 Noncurrent liabilities 1,189,548 1,305,756 Noncontrolling interest in consolidated subsidiaries 1,612 1,844 Included in noncurrent assets is a due from non-guarantor subsidiaries receivable of 205,424 and 93,613 at December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021. Included in noncurrent liabilities is a due to non-guarantor subsidiaries payable of 200,522 and 236,577 at December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021. 
 34 

Table of Contents 
 Selected Financial Measures We are including the following financial measures for the Company. Return on Invested Capital is a non-GAAP measure. Accordingly, Invested Capital and Return on Invested Capital should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for net earnings, cash flows from operations or other income or cash flow data prepared in accordance with GAAP or as a measure of our operating performance or liquidity. The table below shows how Invested Capital and Return on Invested Capital are calculated from our income statement and balance sheet. Return on Invested Capital is calculated as Operating Income (after-tax) divided by the average of beginning and ending Invested Capital. Invested Capital represents total assets minus total liabilities (excluding interest-bearing debt). Return on Invested Capital is one of our key operating ratios, as it allows investors to analyze our operating performance in light of the amount of investment required to generate our operating profit. Return on Invested Capital is also a measurement used to determine management incentives. 

Dollars in thousands 2022 2021 2020 Operating income 433,249 286,785 225,953 Adjusted effective tax rate 1 27.7 23.6 24.2 Tax effect on operating income (119,872) (67,681) (54,681) After-tax operating income 313,377 219,104 171,272 Average invested capital 2,437,232 2,176,577 1,975,693 Return on invested capital 12.9 10.1 8.7 Total assets 3,556,996 3,447,249 2,953,160 Less: Accounts payable (360,312) (347,841) (268,099) Less: Accrued expenses (248,320) (253,330) (227,735) Less: Income Tax Payable (3,664) Less: Defined benefit pension asset (24,216) Less: Defined benefit pension liability (536) (118,523) Less: Deferred compensation (30,316) (35,373) (44,519) Less: Other noncurrent liabilities (13,480) (89,207) (58,657) Less: Dividends payable (11,742) (10,616) (9,556) Less: Lease liability (155,469) (147,759) (80,202) Less: Contract liability (172,915) (135,746) (130,018) Less: Deferred tax liability (41,091) (47,849) (41,689) Total Invested capital 2,495,471 2,378,992 1,974,162 Beginning of year invested capital 2,378,992 1,974,162 1,977,223 Average invested capital 2,437,232 2,176,577 1,975,693 1 The adjusted effective tax rate for 2022 excludes the effects of the 33,273 loss from the divestiture of the offshore wind energy structures business which is not deductible for income tax purposes. The effective tax rate including the loss on the divestiture is 29.9 . The adjusted effective tax rate for 2020 excludes the effects of the 12,575 goodwill impairment which is not deductible for income tax purposes. The effective tax rate in 2020 including the impairments is 25.7 . Return on invested capital, as presented, may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies. 
 35 

Table of Contents 
 Adjusted EBITDA . Earnings before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization Adjusted EBITDA is one of our key financial ratios in that it is the basis for determining our maximum borrowing capacity at any one time. Our bank credit agreements contain a financial covenant that our total interest-bearing debt not exceed 3.50x Adjusted EBITDA (or 3.75x Adjusted EBITDA after certain material acquisitions) for the most recent four quarters. These bank credit agreements allow us to add estimated EBITDA from acquired businesses for periods we did not own the acquired businesses. The bank credit agreements also provide for an adjustment to EBITDA, subject to certain specified limitations, for non-cash charges or gains that are non-recurring in nature. If this financial covenant is violated, we may incur additional financing costs or be required to pay the debt before its maturity date. Adjusted EBITDA is a non-GAAP measure and, accordingly, should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for net earnings, cash flows from operations or other income or cash flow data prepared in accordance with GAAP or as a measure of our operating performance or liquidity. The calculation of Adjusted EBITDA is as follows: 

Dollars in thousands 2022 2021 2020 Net cash flows from operations 326,265 65,938 316,294 Interest expense 47,534 42,612 41,075 Income tax expense 108,687 61,414 49,615 Loss on investment (39) Impairment of long-lived assets (27,911) (20,389) Loss on divestiture of offshore wind energy structures business (33,273) Deferred income tax (expense) benefit 1,225 (71) 1,397 Noncontrolling interest (3,388) (2,095) (1,456) Pension plan expense 10,087 14,567 7,311 Contribution to pension plan 17,155 1,924 35,399 Changes in assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions 72,996 264,558 (98,994) Other (1,187) 17 (1,064) EBITDA 546,101 420,953 329,149 Impairment of long-lived assets 27,911 20,389 Loss on divestiture of offshore wind energy structures business 33,273 Cash restructuring expenses 18,955 Adjusted EBITDA 579,374 448,864 368,493 

2022 2021 2020 1 Net earnings attributable to Valmont Industries, Inc. 250,863 195,630 140,693 Interest expense 47,534 42,612 41,075 Income tax expense 108,687 61,414 49,615 Stock based compensation 41,850 28,720 14,874 Depreciation and amortization expense 97,167 92,577 82,892 EBITDA 546,101 420,953 329,149 Impairment of long-lived assets 27,911 20,389 Loss on divestiture of offshore wind energy structures business 33,273 Cash restructuring expenses 18,955 Adjusted EBITDA 579,374 448,864 368,493 1 Calculated in accordance with the terms of the credit facility as in effect on December 25, 2021. EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA, as presented, may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies. In October 2021, our revolving credit facility was amended to allow the Company to add-back any non-cash stock-based compensation in any trailing twelve month period and allow for an adjustment to EBITDA, subject to certain limitations, for non-cash charges or gains that are non-recurring in nature. 
 36 

Table of Contents 
 Leverage Ratio . Leverage ratio is calculated as the sum of interest-bearing debt minus unrestricted cash in excess of 50 million (but not exceeding 500 million); divided by Adjusted EBITDA. The leverage ratio is one of the key financial ratios in the covenants under our major debt agreements and the ratio cannot exceed 3.5 (or 3.75x after certain material acquisitions) for any reporting period (four quarters). If those covenants are violated, we may incur additional financing costs or be required to pay the debt before its maturity date. Leverage ratio is a non-GAAP measure and, accordingly, should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for net earnings, cash flows from operations or other income or cash flow data prepared in accordance with GAAP or as a measure of our operating performance or liquidity. The calculation of this ratio is as follows: 

Dollars in thousands 2022 2021 2020 1 Interest-bearing debt 877,975 965,395 766,326 Less: Cash and cash equivalents in excess of 50 million 135,406 127,232 350,726 Net indebtedness 742,569 838,163 415,600 Adjusted EBITDA 579,374 448,864 368,493 Leverage Ratio 1.28 1.87 1.13 Leverage ratio, as presented, may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies. 1 Calculated in accordance with the terms of the credit facility as in effect on December 25, 2021. MARKET RISK Changes in Prices Certain key materials we use are commodities traded in worldwide markets and are subject to fluctuations in price. The most significant materials are steel, aluminum, zinc, and natural gas. Over the last several years, prices for these commodities have been volatile. The volatility in these prices was due to such factors as fluctuations in supply and demand conditions, government tariffs and the costs of steel making inputs. Steel is most significant for our TD S product line where the cost of steel has been approximately 50 of the net sales, on average. In 2018, we began using steel hot rolled coil derivative contracts on a limited basis to mitigate the impact of rising steel prices on operating income. Assuming a similar sales mix, a hypothetical 20 change in the price of steel would have affected net sales in this product line by approximately 95 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. We have also experienced volatility in natural gas prices in the past several years. Our main strategies in managing these risks are a combination of fixed price purchase contracts with our vendors to reduce the volatility in our purchase prices and sales price increases where possible. We use natural gas swap contracts on a limited basis to mitigate the impact of rising gas prices on our operating income. Risk Management Market Risk The principal market risks affecting us are exposure to interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, and commodity prices. At times, we utilize derivative financial instruments to hedge these exposures, but we do not use derivatives for trading purposes. Interest Rates Our interest bearing debt at December 31, 2022 was primarily fixed rate debt and borrowings on our revolving credit facility. Our notes payable, revolving credit facility, and a small portion of our long-term debt accrue interest at a variable rate. Assuming average interest rates and borrowings on variable rate debt, a hypothetical 10 change in interest rates would have affected our interest expense in 2022 and 2021 by approximately 0.8 million and 0.4 million, respectively. Likewise, we have excess cash balances on deposit in interest bearing accounts in financial institutions. An increase or decrease in interest rates of ten basis points would have impacted our annual interest earnings by approximately 0.2 million in both 2022 and 2021. 
 37 

Table of Contents 
 Foreign Exchange Exposures to transactions denominated in a currency other than the entity s functional currency are not material and, therefore, the potential exchange losses in future earnings, fair value, and cash flows from these transactions are not material. The Company is also exposed to investment risk related to foreign operations. From time to time, as market conditions indicate, we will enter into foreign currency contracts to manage the risks associated with anticipated future transactions, current balance sheet positions, and foreign subsidiary investments that are in currencies other than the functional currencies of our businesses. At December 31, 2022, the Company had one outstanding fixed-for-fixed cross currency swap CCS ), swapping U.S. dollar principal and interest payments on a portion of its 5.00 senior unsecured notes due 2044 for Euro denominated payments. The CCS was entered into in 2019 in order to mitigate foreign currency risk on the Company s Euro investments and to reduce interest expense. The notional amount of the Euro CCS is 80.0 million and matures in 2024. In 2019, the Company entered into a fixed-for-fixed CCS, swapping U.S. dollar principal and interest payments on a portion of its 5.00 senior unsecured notes due 2044 for Danish krone DKK denominated payments. The DKK CCS, which qualified as net investment hedges, were settled in 2022 with the Company receiving 3.5 million. Much of our cash in non-U.S. entities is denominated in foreign currencies, where fluctuations in exchange rates will impact our cash balances in U.S. dollar terms. A hypothetical 10 change in the value of the U.S. dollar would impact our reported cash balance by approximately 11.2 million in 2022 and 13.6 million in 2021. We manage our investment risk in foreign operations by borrowing in the functional currencies of the foreign entities or by utilizing hedging instruments (as discussed above) where appropriate. The following table indicates the change in the recorded value of our most significant investments at year-end assuming a hypothetical 10 change in the value of the U.S. dollar. 

2022 2021 (in millions) Australian dollar 4.3 11.6 Euro 8.6 8.6 Danish krone 2.4 Chinese renminbi 6.0 6.2 Canadian dollar 3.8 3.6 U.K. pound 17.5 16.8 Brazilian real 11.8 4.5 Commodity risk Steel hot rolled coil is a significant commodity input used by each of our segments in the manufacture of our products, with the exception of the Coatings product line. Steel prices are volatile and we may utilize derivative instruments to mitigate commodity price risk on fixed price orders. In 2021 and 2022, the Company entered into steel hot rolled coil forward contracts which qualified as a cash flow hedge of the variability in the cash flows attributable to future steel purchases. As of December 31, 2022, we had open forward contracts with a notional amount of 9.8 million for the total purchase of 10,300 short tons from January 2023 to March 2023. Natural gas is a significant commodity used in our factories, especially in our Coatings product line galvanizing operations, where natural gas is used to heat tanks that enable the hot-dipped galvanizing process. Natural gas prices are volatile and we mitigate some of this volatility through the use of derivative commodity instruments. Our current policy is to manage this commodity price risk for 0 to 75 of our U.S. natural gas requirements for the upcoming 6 to 18 months through the purchase of natural gas swaps based on NYMEX futures prices for delivery in the month being hedged. The objective of this policy is to mitigate the impact on our earnings of sudden, significant increases in the price of natural gas. As of December 31, 2022, we have open natural gas swaps with a notional value of 7.0 million for 1,230,000 MMBtu. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES The following accounting policies involve judgments and estimates used in preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements. There is a substantial amount of management judgment used in preparing financial statements. We must make estimates on a number of items, such as impairments of long-lived assets, income taxes, revenue recognition for the product lines recognized over time, inventory obsolescence, and pension benefits. We base our estimates on our experience and on other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. Further, we re-evaluate our 
 38 

Table of Contents 
 estimates from time to time and as circumstances change. Actual results may differ under different assumptions or conditions. The selection and application of our critical accounting policies are discussed annually with our audit committee. Depreciation, Amortization, and Impairment of Long-Lived Assets Our long-lived assets consist primarily of property, plant, and equipment, right-of-use (lease) assets, and goodwill and intangible assets acquired in business acquisitions. We have assigned useful lives to our property, plant, and equipment and certain intangible assets ranging from 3 to 40 years. A pre-tax 27.9 million impairment of the long-lived assets (customer relationship intangible asset, trade name, and property, plant, and equipment) was recognized in fiscal year 2021. We identified thirteen reporting units for purposes of evaluating goodwill and we annually evaluate our reporting units for goodwill impairment during the third fiscal quarter, which usually coincides with our strategic planning process. For twelve of the reporting units, we estimate the value of the reporting units using after-tax cash flows from operations (less capital expenses) discounted to present value discounted cash flows ). The key assumptions in the discounted cash flow analysis are the discount rate and the projected cash flows. We also use sensitivity analysis to determine the impact of changes in discount rates and cash flow forecasts on the valuation of the reporting units. For our solar tracking structure reporting unit, we project meaningful annual revenue growth for the foreseeable future due to strong market conditions. Therefore, we valued this reporting unit using a blend of both the discounted cash flows and a market approach. The market valuation approach estimates the value for this reporting unit using a multiple of earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization EBITDA ). We analyze EBITDA multiples for other industrial companies with similar product lines in determining what to use in the model . The key assumption in the market approach analysis is the selection of industrial companies with similar product lines and forecasted EBITDA. For both the 2022 and 2021 annual impairment tests, the estimated fair value of all of our reporting units exceeded their respective carrying value, so no goodwill was impaired in 2022 or 2021. A 12.6 million impairment of our access systems reporting unit was recognized as a result of an interim impairment test in 2020. If our assumptions on discount rates and future cash flows change as a result of events or circumstances, and we believe these assets may have declined in value, then we may record impairment charges, resulting in lower profits . Our reporting units are all cyclical and their sales and profitability may fluctuate from year to year. We continue to monitor changes in the global economy that could impact future operating results of its reporting units. If such conditions arise, we will test a given reporting unit for impairment prior to the annual test. In the evaluation of our reporting units, we look at the long-term prospects for the reporting unit and recognize that current performance may not be the best indicator of future prospects or value, which requires management judgment. Our indefinite lived intangible assets consist of trade names. We assess the values of these assets apart from goodwill as part of the annual impairment testing. We use the relief-from-royalty method to evaluate our trade names, under which the value of a trade name is determined based on a royalty that could be charged to a third party for using the trade name in question. The royalty, which is based on a reasonable rate applied against estimated future sales, is tax-effected and discounted to present value. The most significant assumptions in this evaluation include estimated future sales, the royalty rate and the after-tax discount rate. We performed our annual impairment test of all trade names in the third quarter of 2022 and determined none were impaired. We recognized an impairment of approximately 2 million of the Valmont SM trade name during fiscal year 2021. Inventories Inventories are valued at the lower of cost, determined on a first-in, first-out basis, or net realizable value. We write down slow-moving and obsolete inventory by the difference between the value of the inventory and our estimate of the reduced value based on potential future uses, the likelihood that overstocked inventory will be sold and the expected selling prices of the inventory. If our ability to realize value on slow-moving or obsolete inventory is less favorable than assumed, additional inventory write downs may be required. 
 39 

Table of Contents 
 Income Taxes We record valuation allowances to reduce our deferred tax assets to amounts that are more likely than not to be realized. We consider future taxable income expectations and tax-planning strategies in assessing the need for the valuation allowance. If we estimate a deferred tax asset is not likely to be fully realized in the future, a valuation allowance to decrease the amount of the deferred tax asset would decrease net earnings in the period the determination was made. Likewise, if we subsequently determine that we are able to realize all or part of a net deferred tax asset in the future, an adjustment reducing the valuation allowance would increase net earnings in the period such determination was made. At December 31, 2022, we had approximately 67.2 million in deferred tax assets relating to tax credits and loss carryforwards, with a valuation allowance of 43.4 million, including 7.1 million in valuation allowances related to capital loss carryforwards, which are unlikely ever to be realized. If circumstances related to our deferred tax assets change in the future, we may be required to increase or decrease the valuation allowance on these assets, resulting in an increase or decrease in income tax expense and a reduction or increase in net income. Also, we consider the earnings in our greater than 50 owned non-U.S. subsidiaries to not be indefinitely reinvested and, accordingly, we have a deferred tax liability of 3.0 million related to these unremitted foreign earnings for future taxes that will be incurred when cash is repatriated. We are subject to examination by taxing authorities in the various countries in which we operate. The tax years subject to examination vary by jurisdiction. We regularly consider the likelihood of additional income tax assessments in each of these taxing jurisdictions based on our experiences related to prior audits and our understanding of the facts and circumstances of the related tax issues. We include in current income tax expense any changes to accruals for potential tax deficiencies. If our judgments related to tax deficiencies differ from our actual experience, our income tax expense could increase or decrease in a given fiscal period. Pension Benefits Delta Ltd. maintains a defined benefit pension plan for qualifying employees in the United Kingdom. There are no active employees as members in the plan. Independent actuaries assist in properly measuring the liabilities and expenses associated with accounting for pension benefits to eligible employees. In order to use actuarial methods to value the liabilities and expenses, we must make several assumptions. The critical assumptions used to measure pension obligations and expenses are the discount rate and expected rate of return on pension assets. We evaluate our critical assumptions at least annually. Key assumptions are based on the following factors: Discount rate is based on the yields available on AA-rated corporate bonds with durational periods similar to that of the pension liabilities. Expected return on plan assets is based on our asset allocation mix and our historical return, taking into consideration current and expected market conditions. Most of the assets in the pension plan are invested in corporate bonds, the expected return of which are estimated based on the yield available on AA rated corporate bonds. The long-term expected returns on equities are based on historic performance over the long-term. Inflation is based on the estimated change in the consumer price index CPI or the retail price index RPI ), depending on the relevant plan provisions. 
 The discount rate used to measure the defined benefit obligation was 4.80 at December 31, 2022. The following tables present the key assumptions in the measurement of the pension benefit for 2023 and the estimated impact relative to a change in those assumptions for 2023: 

Assumptions Pension Discount rate 4.80 Expected return on plan assets 4.85 Inflation - CPI 2.35 Inflation - RPI 3.25 
 40 

Table of Contents 

Decrease in Pension Assumptions In Millions of Dollars Benefit 0.25 increase in discount rate 0.4 0.25 decrease in expected return on plan assets 1.3 0.25 increase in inflation 1.0 Revenue Recognition We determine the appropriate revenue recognition for our contracts by analyzing the type, terms, and conditions of each contract or arrangement with a customer. We have no contracts with customers, under any product line, where we could earn variable consideration. The following provides additional information about our contracts with transmission, distribution, and substation structures TD S and certain telecommunication structures customers, where the revenue recognition is over time, the judgments we make in accounting for those contracts, and the resulting amounts recognized in our financial statements. Accounting for utility structures and telecommunication monopole contracts: TD S and telecommunication monopole structures are engineered to customer specifications resulting in limited ability to sell the structure to a different customer if an order is canceled after production commences. The continuous transfer of control to the customer is evidenced either by contractual termination clauses or by our rights to payment for work performed to-date plus a reasonable profit as the products do not have an alternative use to us. Since control is transferring over time, revenue is recognized based on the extent of progress towards completion of the performance obligation. We also have certain telecommunication structures customers contracts where we do not have the right to payment for work performed. In those instances, we recognize revenue at a point in time which is time of shipment of the structure. The selection of the method to measure progress towards completion requires judgment. For our steel and concrete utility and wireless communication structure product lines, we recognize revenue on an inputs basis, using total production hours incurred to-date for each order as a percentage of total hours estimated to produce the order. The completion percentage is applied to the order s total revenue and total estimated costs to determine reported revenue, cost of goods sold and gross profit. Our enterprise resource planning ERP system captures the total costs incurred to-date and the total production hours, both incurred to-date and forecast to complete. The recently divested offshore wind energy structures business also recognized revenue using an inputs method, based on the cost-to-cost measure of progress. Under the cost-to-cost measure of progress, the extent of progress towards completion is measured based on the ratio of costs incurred to date to the total estimated costs at completion of the performance obligation. Management must make assumptions and estimates regarding manufacturing labor hours and wages, the usage and cost of materials, and manufacturing burden / overhead recovery rates for each production facility. For our steel, concrete and wireless communication structures, production of an order, once started, is typically completed within three months. Projected profitability on open production orders is reviewed and updated monthly. We elected the practical expedient to not disclose the partially satisfied performance obligation at the end of the period when the contract has an original expected duration of one year or less. We also have a few TD S customer orders in a fiscal year that require one to three years to complete, due to the quantity of structures. Burden rates and routed production hours, per structure, will be adjusted if and when actual costs incurred are significantly higher than what had been originally projected. This resets the timing of revenue recognition for future periods so it is better aligned with the new production schedule. For our offshore wind energy structures business prior to its divestiture in 2022, we updated the estimates of total costs to complete each order quarterly. Based on these updates, revenue in the current period may reflect adjustments for amounts that had been previously recognized. During fiscal 2022, 2021, and 2020, there were no changes to inputs or estimates which resulted in adjustments to revenue for production that occurred prior to the beginning of the year. A provision for loss on the performance obligation is recognized if and when an order is projected to be at a loss, whether or not production has started. 
 41 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. The information required is included under the captioned paragraph, MARKET RISK on page 34 of this report. 
 42 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. The following consolidated financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries are included herein as listed below: 

Page Consolidated Financial Statements Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 44 Consolidated Statements of Earnings Three-Year Period Ended December 31, 2022 46 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income Three-Year Period Ended December 31, 2022 47 Consolidated Balance Sheets December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021 48 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Three-Year Period Ended December 31, 2022 49 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity Three-Year Period Ended December 31, 2022 50 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Three-Year Period Ended December 31, 2022 51 
 43 

Table of Contents 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the shareholders and the Board of Directors of Valmont Industries, Inc. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Valmont Industries, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021, the related consolidated statements of earnings, comprehensive income, cash flows, and shareholders equity, for each of the fiscal years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes listed in the Index at Item 15 (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the fiscal years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated March 1, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matter The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. Goodwill Refer to Notes 1 and 8 to the consolidated financial statements Critical Audit Matter Description The Company has goodwill, which is allocated among thirteen reporting units. The Company evaluates its thirteen reporting units for goodwill impairment during the third fiscal quarter of each year, or when events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. Twelve reporting units are evaluated using after-tax cash flows from operations (less capital expenses) discounted to present value discounted cash flows ). The solar tracking structure reporting unit was valued using a blend of both the discounted cash flows and a market approach. The market valuation 
 44 

Table of Contents 
 approach estimates the value for this reporting unit using a multiple of earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA). The EBITDA multiples are analyzed against other industrial companies with similar product lines. These valuation methods require management to make significant estimates and assumptions related to projected cash flows, selection of industrial companies with similar product lines and forecasted EBITDA, and discount rates. We identified goodwill for certain reporting units as a critical audit matter because of the significant estimates and assumptions made by management to estimate fair value and the difference between the fair values and the carrying values of certain reporting units as of August 27, 2022. This required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort, including the need to involve our fair value specialists, when performing audit procedures to evaluate the reasonableness of management s estimates and assumptions related to certain assumptions within the projected cash flows, selection of industrial companies with similar product lines and forecasted EBITDA, and discount rates. How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit Our audit procedures related to the goodwill impairment assessment for certain reporting units included the following, among others: 1. We tested the effectiveness of internal controls over management s goodwill impairment evaluation, including those over the projected cash flows, selection of industrial companies with similar product lines and forecasted EBITDA, and discount rates. 2. We evaluated management s ability to accurately forecast cash flows by comparing actual results to management s historical forecasts. 3. We evaluated the reasonableness of management s projected cash flows by comparing to (1) historical results, (2) internal communications to management and the Board of Directors, (3) industry reports and (4) information included in Company press releases to analysts and investors. 4. With the assistance of our fair value specialists, we evaluated the discount rates, by testing the underlying source information and the mathematical accuracy of the calculations, and developing a range of independent estimates and comparing those to the discount rates selected by management . 5. With the assistance of our fair value specialists, we evaluated the selection of industrial companies with similar product lines and forecasted EBITDA and tested the underlying source information and mathematical accuracy of the calculations . 
 /s/ March 1, 2023 We have served as the Company s auditor since 1996. 
 45 

Table of Contents 
 Valmont Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EARNINGS Three-year period ended December 31, 2022 (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 

2022 2021 2020 Product sales Services sales Net sales Product cost of sales Services cost of sales Total cost of sales Gross profit Selling, general, and administrative expenses Impairment of goodwill and intangible assets Operating income Other income (expenses): Interest expense ) ) ) Interest income Gain (loss) on investments - unrealized ) Loss from divestiture of offshore wind energy structures business ) Other ) ) ) Earnings before income taxes Income tax expense: Current Deferred ) ) Earnings before equity in earnings of nonconsolidated subsidiaries Equity in loss of nonconsolidated subsidiaries ) ) ) Net earnings Less: Earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Net earnings attributable to Valmont Industries, Inc. Earnings per share: Basic Diluted See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 46 

Table of Contents 
 Valmont Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME Three-year period ended December 31, 2022 (Dollars in thousands) 

2022 2021 2020 Net earnings Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: Foreign currency translation adjustments: Unrealized translation gains (losses) ) ) Realized loss on offshore wind energy structures business recorded in other expense ) ) Gain (loss) on hedging activities: Commodity hedges ) Realized (gain) loss on commodity hedges recorded in earnings ) Unrealized gain (loss) on cross currency swaps ) Unrealized gain on net investment hedges, net of tax expense of in 2020 Realized (gain) on offshore wind energy structures business cross currency swap, net of tax expense of in 2022 ) Cash flow hedges Realized gain on cash flow hedges recorded in earnings ) Amortization cost included in interest expense ) ) ) Net gain (loss) on defined benefit pension plan, net of tax expense (benefit) of ) in 2022, in 2021, ) in 2020 ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) Comprehensive income Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Comprehensive income attributable to Valmont Industries, Inc. See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 47 

Table of Contents 
 Valmont Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021 (Dollars in thousands, except shares and per share amounts) 

2022 2021 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Receivables, less allowance of in 2022 and in 2021 Inventories Contract assets Prepaid expenses and other assets Refundable income taxes Total current assets Property, plant, and equipment, at cost Less accumulated depreciation and amortization Net property, plant and equipment Goodwill Other intangible assets, net Defined pension benefit asset Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY Current liabilities: Current installments of long-term debt Notes payable to banks Accounts payable Accrued employee compensation and benefits Contract liabilities Other accrued expenses Income taxes payable Dividends payable Total current liabilities Deferred income taxes Long-term debt, excluding current installments Operating lease liabilities Deferred compensation Other noncurrent liabilities Shareholders equity: Common stock of par value - Authorized shares; issued Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Cost of treasury stock, common shares of in 2022 and in 2021 ) ) Total Valmont Industries, Inc. shareholders equity Noncontrolling interest in consolidated subsidiaries Total shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 48 

Table of Contents 
 Valmont Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS Three-year period ended December 31, 2022 (Dollars in thousands) 

2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities: Net earnings Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to net cash flows from operations: Depreciation and amortization Noncash loss on trading securities Contribution to defined benefit pension plan ) ) ) Impairment of long-lived assets Loss on sale of offshore wind energy structures business Stock-based compensation Defined benefit pension plan benefit ) ) ) Loss (gain) on sale of property, plant and equipment ) Equity in loss in nonconsolidated subsidiaries Deferred income taxes ) ) Changes in assets and liabilities: Receivables ) ) ) Inventories ) ) ) Prepaid expenses and other assets (current and non-current) ) ) Contract assets ) ) Accounts payable Accrued expenses Contract liabilities ) Other noncurrent liabilities ) Income taxes payable / refundable ) Net cash flows from operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Purchase of property, plant, and equipment ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of assets Acquisitions, net of cash acquired ) ) ) Proceeds from settlement of net investment hedge Investments in nonconsolidated subsidiaries ) Other, net ) ) Net cash flows from investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from short-term borrowings Payments on short-term borrowings ) ) ) Proceeds from long-term borrowings Principal payments on long-term borrowings ) ) ) Proceeds from settlement of financial derivatives Debt issuance costs ) Dividends paid ) ) ) Dividends to noncontrolling interest ) ) Purchase of noncontrolling interests ) ) Purchase of treasury shares ) ) ) Proceeds from exercises under stock plans Purchase of common treasury shares stock plan exercises ) ) ) Net cash flows from financing activities ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents ) ) Net change in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents end of period See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 49 

Table of Contents 
 Valmont Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY Three-year period ended December 31, 2022 (Dollars in thousands, except shares and per share amounts) 

Accumulated Noncontrolling Additional other interest in Total Common paid-in Retained comprehensive Treasury consolidated shareholders stock capital earnings income (loss) stock subsidiaries equity Balance at December 28, 2019 ) ) Net earnings Other comprehensive income (loss) Cash dividends declared per share) ) ) Dividends to noncontrolling interests ) ) Purchase of noncontrolling interest ) ) ) Addition of noncontrolling interest Purchase of treasury shares; shares acquired ) ) Stock plan exercises, shares acquired ) ) Stock options exercised; shares issued ) Stock option expense Stock awards; shares issued Balance at December 26, 2020 ) ) Net earnings Other comprehensive income (loss) ) Cash dividends declared per share) ) ) Purchase of treasury shares; shares acquired ) ) Stock plan exercises; shares acquired ) ) Stock options exercised; shares issued ) ) Stock option expense Stock awards; shares issued Balance at December 25, 2021 ) ) Net earnings Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) Cash dividends declared per share) ) ) Dividends to noncontrolling interests ) ) Addition of noncontrolling interest Reduction of noncontrolling interest ) ) Purchase of treasury shares; shares acquired ) ) Stock plan exercises; shares acquired ) ) Stock options exercised; shares issued ) ) Stock option expense Stock awards; shares issued Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 50 

Table of Contents Valmont Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Three-year period ended December 31, 2022 (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 to owned affiliates and joint ventures are accounted for by the equity method. Investments in less than owned affiliates are accounted for by the cost method. All intercompany items have been eliminated. and were classified as accounts payable at December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021, respectively. The Company s policy is to report the change in book overdrafts as an operating activity in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. reportable segments based on its management structure. Each segment is global in nature with a manager responsible for segment operational performance and allocation of capital within the segment. Reportable segments are as follows: INFRASTRUCTURE: This segment consists of the manufacture and distribution of products and solutions to serve the infrastructure markets of utility, renewable energy, lighting, transportation, and telecommunications, and coatings services to preserve metal products. AGRICULTURE: This segment consists of the manufacture of center pivot components and linear irrigation equipment for agricultural markets, including parts and tubular products, and advanced technology solutions for precision agriculture. In addition to these two reportable segments, the Company had a business and related activities that was not more than 10 of consolidated sales, operating income, or assets. This includes the offshore wind energy structures business and is reported in the Other segment until its divestiture in 2022. or week fiscal year with each year ending on the last Saturday in December. Accordingly, the Company s fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 consisted of 53 weeks and the Company s fiscal years ended December 25, 2021 and December 26, 2020 consisted of 52 weeks. The estimated impact on the Company s results of operations due to the extra week in fiscal year 2022 was additional net sales of approximately and additional net earnings of approximately . 
 51 

Table of Contents Valmont Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED Three-year period ended December 31, 2022 (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
 52 

Table of Contents Valmont Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED Three-year period ended December 31, 2022 (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 ) ) December 25, 2021 ) ) December 26, 2020 ) The Company sells trade accounts receivable at a discount under uncommitted trade accounts receivable sale programs to third party financial institutions without recourse. As these accounts receivable are sold without recourse, the Company does not retain the associated risks following the transfer of such accounts receivable to the financial institutions. Transfers of accounts receivable are accounted for as sales and, accordingly, accounts receivables sold are excluded from Receivables, less allowance on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and cash proceeds are reflected in Cash flows from operating activities on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. The difference between the carrying amount of the trade accounts receivables sold and the cash received, or discount, is recorded in Other expenses on the Consolidated Statements of Earnings. At December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021, the Company sold trade accounts receivable of million and million, respectively. The fees associated with trade accounts receivables sold are immaterial. to , machinery and equipment to , transportation equipment to , office furniture and equipment to , and intangible assets to . Depreciation expense in fiscal 2022, 2021, and 2020 was , , and , respectively. An impairment loss is recognized if the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable and exceeds estimated future undiscounted cash flows of the asset. A recognized impairment loss reduces the carrying amount of the asset to its estimated fair value. The Company recognized a pre-tax impairment of long-lived assets (property, plant, and equipment, customer relationship intangible asset, and trade name) in 2021 when it determined that its offshore wind energy business reporting unit would not generate sufficient cash flows to recover the carrying values. An impairment test was required in November 2021 when the Company received clarifying information on the competitive environment of this reporting unit in Europe. Impairment losses were recorded in 2020 as facilities were closed and future plans for certain fixed assets changed in connection with the Company s restructuring plans. 
 53 

Table of Contents Valmont Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED Three-year period ended December 31, 2022 (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
 54 

Table of Contents Valmont Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED Three-year period ended December 31, 2022 (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
 55 

Table of Contents Valmont Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED Three-year period ended December 31, 2022 (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts)) ) ) Current period comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Divestiture of offshore wind energy structures business ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) ) and , respectively. 
 56 

Table of Contents Valmont Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED Three-year period ended December 31, 2022 (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 and , respectively. At December 31, 2022, was recorded as contract liabilities and was recorded as other noncurrent liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. Additional details are as follows: 
 57 

Table of Contents Valmont Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED Three-year period ended December 31, 2022 (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 and of revenue that was included in the total contract liability as of December 25, 2021 and December 26, 2020, respectively. The revenue recognized was due to applying advance payments received for performance obligations completed during the period. At December 31, 2022, the Company had of remaining performance obligations on contracts with an original expected duration of one year or more and expects to complete the remaining performance obligations on these contracts within the next to . 
 Segment and Product Line Revenue Recognition Infrastructure Segment Steel and concrete utility structures within the TD S product lines are engineered to customer specifications resulting in limited ability to sell the structure to a different customer if an order is canceled after production commences. The continuous transfer of control to the customer is evidenced either by contractual termination clauses or by rights to payment for work performed to-date plus a reasonable profit as the products do not have an alternative use to the Company. Since control is transferring over time, revenue is recognized based on the extent of progress towards completion of the performance obligation. The selection of the method to measure progress towards completion requires judgment. For the TD S and telecommunication structure product lines, the Company generally recognizes revenue on an inputs basis, using total production hours incurred to-date for each order as a percentage of total hours estimated to produce the order. The completion percentage is applied to the order s total revenue and total estimated costs to determine reported revenue, cost of goods sold, and gross profit. Production of an order, once started, is typically completed within three months. Depending on the product sold, revenue from renewable energy is recognized both upon shipment or delivery of goods to the customer depending on contract terms, or by using an inputs method, based on the ratio of costs incurred to-date to the total estimated costs at completion of the performance obligation. External sales agents are used in certain TD S sales and the Company has chosen to expense estimated commissions owed to third parties by recognizing them proportionately as the goods are manufactured. For the structures sold for lighting and transportation and for the majority of telecommunication products, revenue is recognized upon shipment or delivery of goods to the customer depending on contract terms, which is the same point in time that the customer is billed. There are also large regional customers who have unique product specifications for telecommunication structures. When the customer contract includes a cancellation clause that would require them to pay for work completed plus a reasonable margin if an order was canceled, revenue is recognized over time based on hours worked as a percent of total estimated hours to complete production. The Coatings product line revenues are derived by providing coating services to customers products, which include galvanizing, anodizing, and powder coating. Revenue is recognized once the coating service has been performed and the goods are ready to be picked up or delivered to the customer which is the same time that the customer is billed. Agriculture Segment Revenue recognition from the manufacture of irrigation equipment and related parts and services (including tubular products for industrial customers) is generally upon shipment of the goods to the customer which is the same point in time that the customer is billed. The remote monitoring subscription services recognized as part of technology services product line are primarily billed annually and revenue is recognized on a straight-line basis over the subsequent twelve months (contract terms). 
 58 

Table of Contents Valmont Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED Three-year period ended December 31, 2022 (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 Agriculture Other Total of the Company s outstanding common stock from time to time over at prevailing market prices, through open market or privately-negotiated transactions. In February 2015 and again in October 2018, the Board of Directors authorized an additional purchase of up to of the Company s outstanding common stock with no stated expiration date. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has acquired shares for approximately under this share repurchase program. Subsequent to year end, on February 27, 2023, the Board of Directors increased the amount remaining under the program by an additional , with no stated expiration date. in 2022, in 2021, and in 2020. 
 59 

Table of Contents Valmont Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED Three-year period ended December 31, 2022 (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
 60 

Table of Contents Valmont Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED Three-year period ended December 31, 2022 (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 of ConcealFab for in cash (net of cash acquired) and subject to working capital adjustments. Approximately of the purchase price is contingent on seller representations and warranties that will be settled within 18 months of the acquisition date. ConcealFab is located in Colorado Springs, Colorado, and its operations are reported in the Infrastructure segment. The acquisition was made to allow the Company to incorporate innovative 5G infrastructure and passive intermodulation mitigation solutions into the Company s advanced infrastructure portfolio. Goodwill is not deductible for tax purposes. The amount allocated to goodwill was primarily attributable to anticipated synergies and other intangibles that do not qualify for separate recognition. The Company expects to finalize the purchase price allocation early in the first quarter of 2023. The following table summarizes the preliminary fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed of ConcealFab as of the date of acquisition: 
 61 

Table of Contents Valmont Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED Three-year period ended December 31, 2022 (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 Customer relationships Trade name Property, plant equipment Other assets Goodwill Total fair value of assets acquired Current liabilities Long-term debt Operating lease liabilities Deferred taxes Other noncurrent liabilities Total fair value of liabilities assumed Non-controlling interest in consolidated subsidiaries Net assets acquired On May 12, 2021, the Company acquired the outstanding shares of Prospera Technologies, Ltd. Prospera ), an artificial intelligence company focused on machine learning and computer vision in agriculture, for in cash (net of cash acquired). The acquisition of Prospera, located in Tel Aviv, Israel, was made to allow the Company to accelerate innovation with machine learning for agronomy and is reported in the Agriculture segment. Goodwill is t deductible for tax purposes, the trade name will be amortized over , and the developed technology asset will be amortized over . The amount allocated to goodwill was primarily attributable to anticipated synergies and other intangibles that do t qualify for separate recognition. The Company finalized the purchase price allocation in the fourth quarter of 2021. (2) ACQUISITIONS CONTINUED The following table summarizes the fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed of Prospera as of the date of acquisition: Developed technology Trade name Property, plant equipment Goodwill Total fair value of assets acquired Current liabilities Deferred taxes Total fair value of liabilities assumed Net assets acquired 
 62 

Table of Contents Valmont Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED Three-year period ended December 31, 2022 (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 On April 20, 2021 the Company acquired the assets of PivoTrac for in cash. The agreed upon purchase price was , with being held back for seller representations and warranties. The acquisition of PivoTrac, located in Texas, was made to allow the Company to advance its technology strategy and increase its number of connected agricultural devices and is reported in the Agriculture segment. The fair values assigned were for goodwill, for customer relationships, and the remainder is net working capital. Goodwill is t deductible for tax purposes and the customer relationship will be amortized over . The amount allocated to goodwill was primarily attributable to anticipated synergies and other intangibles that do t qualify for separate recognition. The Company finalized the purchase price allocation in the second quarter of 2022. On May 29, 2020, the Company acquired of Energia Solar do Brasil Solbras for . Approximately of the purchase price was contingent on seller representations and warranties and was settled for the full amount in the second quarter of 2021. Solbras is a leading provider of solar energy solutions for agriculture. In the purchase price allocation, goodwill of and customer relationships of were recorded and the remainder to net working capital. Goodwill is t deductible for tax purposes and the customer relationship will be amortized over . The acquisition of Solbras, located in Brazil, was made to allow the Company to expand its product offerings in the Agriculture segment to include not only pivots, but also a sustainable and low-cost energy source to provide electricity to the units. The Company finalized the purchase price allocation in the fourth quarter of 2020. On March 6, 2020, the Company acquired of KC Utility Packaging, LLC for . Approximately of the purchase price was contingent on seller representations and warranties and was settled for the full amount in the first quarter of 2021. The Company name was subsequently changed to Valmont Substations, LLC. The acquisition was made to expand the Company s utility substation product offering. In the purchase price allocation, goodwill of , customer relationships of , and other intangibles of were recorded. The Company finalized the purchase price allocation in the fourth quarter of 2020. Proforma disclosures were omitted for these acquisitions as they do not have a significant impact on the Company s financial results. Acquisition-related costs incurred for the above acquisitions were insignificant for all years presented. Acquisitions of Noncontrolling Interests In August 2022, the Company acquired the remaining of Convert Italia S.p.A. for . As this transaction was for the acquisition of all remaining shares of consolidated subsidiary with no change in control, it was recorded within shareholders equity and as a financing cash flow in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. In May 2022, the Company acquired the remaining of Valmont West Coast Engineering, Ltd. for . As this transaction was for the acquisition of all of the remaining shares of consolidated subsidiary with no change in control, it was recorded within shareholders equity and as a financing cash flow in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. (2) ACQUISITIONS CONTINUED In February 2020, the Company acquired the remaining of AgSense that it did not own for , which includes a holdback payment of that was made in the second quarter of 2020. The accounting for owning of AgSense resulted in the recognition of a deferred tax asset of approximately . In December 2020, the Company acquired the remaining of Torrent Engineering and Equipment that it did not own for . In the first quarter of 2020, the Company acquired of the remaining that it did not own of Convert Italia S.p.A. for a cash payment of . The purchase agreement also settled the escrow funds which the Company had paid at date of acquisition. 
 63 

Table of Contents Valmont Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED Three-year period ended December 31, 2022 (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 for the year ended December 31, 2022, and an operating loss of (inclusive of a impairment of long-lived assets) for the year ended December 25, 2021. The Company received Danish Krone (U.S. at closing with an additional Danish Krone (U.S. held in an escrow account subject to normal closing conditions before it will be released to the Company. The assets and liabilities of the offshore wind energy structures business at closing on November 30, 2022 were as follows: Receivables, net Inventories Contract assets Prepaid expenses and other assets Net property, plant, and equipment Intangible assets Other assets Total assets Accounts payable Contract liabilities Accrued expenses Deferred income taxes Total liabilities Net assets The pre-tax loss from divestiture is reported in Other income (expenses) . The loss is comprised of the proceeds and an asset recognized for the escrow funds not yet released from buyer, less deal-related costs and the net assets of the business, which resulted in a loss of . In addition to this amount is a realized loss on foreign exchange translation adjustments and net investment hedges previously reported in shareholders equity. Recognition of cumulative currency translation loss and hedges (reclassified from OCI) Net pre-tax loss from divestiture of offshore wind energy structures business The transaction did not result in a taxable capital loss. 
 64 

Table of Contents Valmont Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED Three-year period ended December 31, 2022 (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 U.S. galvanizing facility. All 2020 restructuring activities were completed by December 26, 2020. Other cash restructuring expenses Impairments of fixed assets/net loss on disposals Total cost of sales Severance Other cash restructuring expenses Impairments of assets / net loss on disposals Total selling, general and administrative expenses Consolidated total Income taxes The sale of the offshore wind energy structures business in 2022 included a hold back receivable contingent on normal closing conditions that is expected to be resolved in the first half of 2023. The acquisitions in 2020 included hold back payments contingent on seller representations and warranties of . The 2020 hold back payments were released from a trust in the first half of 2021 and the 2019 hold back payments were paid in the first quarter of 2020 and are shown as an investing use of cash in the acquisitions line item of the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. Work-in-process Finished goods and manufactured goods 
 65 

Table of Contents Valmont Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED Three-year period ended December 31, 2022 (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 Buildings and improvements Machinery and equipment Transportation equipment Office furniture and equipment Construction in progress Patents Proprietary Technology Trade Name Other 

December 25, 2021 Gross Weighted Carrying Accumulated Average Amount Amortization Life Customer Relationships Patents Proprietary Technology Trade Name Other Amortization expense for intangible assets was , , and for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, December 25, 2021, and December 26, 2020, respectively. During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021, an impairment test was required when the Company received clarifying information on the competitive environment of the offshore wind energy structures business. As a result, an impairment charge of approximately was recognized against the remaining net book value of the related customer relationships. 
 66 

Table of Contents Valmont Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED Three-year period ended December 31, 2022 (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 The useful lives assigned to finite lived intangible assets included consideration of factors such as the Company s past and expected experience related to customer retention rates, the remaining legal or contractual life of the underlying arrangement that resulted in the recognition of the intangible asset, and the Company s expected use of the intangible asset. Non-Amortized Intangible Assets Intangible assets with indefinite lives are not amortized. 2004 Convert Italia S.p.A. 2018 Webforge 2010 Ingal EPS / Ingal Civil Products 2010 Valmont SM 2014 ConcealFab 2022 Shakespeare 2014 Walpar 2018 Other Various In its determination of these intangible assets as indefinite lived, the Company considered such factors as its expected future use of the intangible asset, legal, regulatory, technological, and competitive factors that may impact the useful life or value of the intangible asset, and the expected costs to maintain the value of the intangible asset. The Company expects that these intangible assets will maintain their value indefinitely. Accordingly, these assets are not amortized. Indefinite-lived intangibles, although not amortized, are still subject to annual impairment assessments, and interim date assessments should events arise that suggest their value may be diminished. The Company s trade names were tested for impairment as of August 27, 2022. The values of each trade name were determined using the relief-from-royalty method. Based on this evaluation, trade names were determined to be impaired. During the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2021, an impairment test was required when the Company received clarifying information on the competitive environment of the offshore wind energy structures business. As a result, an impairment charge of approximately was recognized against the related trade name. In conjunction with an interim second quarter 2020 goodwill impairment test, impairment indicators were noted for the Webforge and Locker trade names requiring an interim impairment test. As a result, an impairment charge of approximately was recognized against these trade names in fiscal year 2020. 
 67 

Table of Contents Valmont Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED Three-year period ended December 31, 2022 (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 Accumulated impairment losses ) ) ) Balance at December 25, 2021 Acquisitions Foreign currency translation ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 

Infrastructure Agriculture Other Total Gross balance at December 26, 2020 Accumulated impairment losses ) ) ) Balance at December 26, 2020 Acquisitions Foreign currency translation ) ) ) Balance at December 25, 2021 The Company s annual impairment test of goodwill was performed as of August 27, 2022, using primarily the discounted cash flow method. The solar tracking structure reporting unit projects meaningful annual revenue growth for the foreseeable future due to strong market conditions. Therefore, the Company valued this reporting unit using a blend of both the discounted cash flows and a market approach. The market valuation approach estimates the terminal value for this reporting unit using a multiple of earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization EBITDA ). During fiscal year 2022, goodwill impairment was recorded. available at December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021, and was outstanding and recorded as notes payable to banks in the Consolidated Balance Sheets, respectively. The interest rates charged on these lines of credit vary in relation to the banks costs of funds. The weighted average interest rate on short-term borrowings was at December 31, 2022. The unused and available borrowings under the lines of credit were at December 31, 2022. The lines of credit can be modified at any time at the option of the banks. The Company pays no fees in connection with unused lines of credit. Foreign 
 68 

Table of Contents Valmont Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED Three-year period ended December 31, 2022 (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 State Foreign Non-current: ) Deferred: Federal ) ) State ) ) Foreign ) ) ) State income taxes, net of federal benefit Carryforwards, credits and changes in valuation allowances ) Foreign jurisdictional tax rate differences ) ) Changes in unrecognized tax benefits Goodwill and intangible impairment Loss on divestiture of offshore wind energy structures business Other ) ) Fiscal year 2022 includes of tax expense related to the divestiture of the offshore wind energy structures business for which benefit has been recorded. Fiscal year 2021 includes of U.S. tax benefits related to foreign taxes paid offset by of valuation allowance recorded against the offshore wind energy structures business deferred tax assets. Fiscal year 2020 includes of tax expense related to non-tax deductible impairment of goodwill. Fiscal year 2020 also includes of tax expense primarily related to restructuring charges for which no tax benefits have been recorded due to the increase in valuation allowance. 
 69 

Table of Contents Valmont Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED Three-year period ended December 31, 2022 (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 Tax credits and loss carryforwards Defined benefit pension liability Inventory allowances Accrued compensation and benefits Lease liabilities Deferred compensation Gross deferred income tax assets Valuation allowance ) ) Net deferred income tax assets Deferred income tax liabilities: Property, plant and equipment Intangible assets Defined benefit pension asset Lease assets Other deferred tax liabilities Total deferred income tax liabilities Net deferred income tax asset (liability) ) ) Deferred income taxes ) ) Net deferred income tax asset (liability) ) ) 
 Management of the Company has reviewed recent operating results and projected future operating results. The Company s belief that realization of its net deferred tax assets is more likely than not is based on, among other factors, changes in operations that have occurred in recent years and available tax planning strategies. At December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021 respectively, there were and relating to tax credits and loss carryforwards. Valuation allowances have been established for certain losses that reduce deferred tax assets to an amount that will, more likely than not, be realized. During fiscal 2021, it was determined no longer more likely than not that the offshore wind energy structures business, based in Denmark, would generate future taxable income so a valuation allowance of was recognized against their tax loss carryforwards. During fiscal year 2022, the offshore wind energy structures business was sold. Also in 2021, the Company recorded a valuation allowance of against the tax attributes related to the acquisition of Prospera. The deferred tax assets at December 31, 2022 that are associated with tax loss and tax credit carryforwards not reduced by valuation allowances expire in periods starting in 2023. 
 70 

Table of Contents Valmont Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED Three-year period ended December 31, 2022 (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
 71 

Table of Contents Valmont Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED Three-year period ended December 31, 2022 (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 Gross increases tax positions in prior period Gross decreases tax positions in prior period ) Gross increases current period tax positions Settlements with taxing authorities ) Lapse of statute of limitations ) ) Gross unrecognized tax benefits end of year There are approximately of uncertain tax positions for which reversal is reasonably possible during the next 12 months due to the closing of the statute of limitations. The nature of these uncertain tax positions is generally the computation of a tax deduction or tax credit. During 2022, the Company recorded a reduction of its gross unrecognized tax benefit of with recorded as a reduction of income tax expense, due to the expiration of statutes of limitation in the United States. During 2021, the Company recorded a reduction of its gross unrecognized tax benefit of with recorded as a reduction of income tax expense, due to the expiration of statutes of limitation in the United States. In addition to these amounts, there was an aggregate of and of interest and penalties at December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021, respectively. The Company s policy is to record interest and penalties directly related to income taxes as income tax expense in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings. The Company files income tax returns in the U.S. and various states as well as foreign jurisdictions. Tax years 2019 and forward remain open under U.S. statutes of limitation. The total amount of unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would affect the effective tax rate was and at December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021, respectively. senior unsecured notes due 2044 (a) senior unsecured notes due 2054 (b) Unamortized discount on and senior unsecured notes (a) (b) ) ) Revolving credit agreement (c) Other notes Debt issuance costs ) ) Long-term debt Less: Current installments of long-term debt Long-term debt, excluding current installments (a) The senior unsecured notes due 2044 include an aggregate principal amount of on which interest is paid and an unamortized discount balance of at December 31, 2022. The notes bear interest at per annum and are due on October 1, 2044. The discount will be amortized and recognized as interest expense as interest payments are made over the term of the notes. The notes may be repurchased prior to maturity in whole, or in part, at any time at of their principal amount plus a make-whole premium and accrued and unpaid interest. These notes are guaranteed by certain subsidiaries of the Company. 
 72 

Table of Contents Valmont Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED Three-year period ended December 31, 2022 (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 senior unsecured notes due 2054 include an aggregate principal amount of on which interest is paid and an unamortized discount balance of at December 31, 2022. The notes bear interest at per annum and are due on October 1, 2054. The discount will be amortized and recognized as interest expense as interest payments are made over the term of the notes. The notes may be repurchased prior to maturity in whole, or in part, at any time at of their principal amount plus a make-whole premium and accrued and unpaid interest. These notes are guaranteed by certain subsidiaries of the Company. 
 
 73 

Table of Contents Valmont Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED Three-year period ended December 31, 2022 (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 of committed unsecured revolving credit loans with available borrowings thereunder to in foreign currencies. The Company may increase the credit facility by up to an additional at any time, subject to lenders increasing the amount of their commitments. The interest rate on the borrowings will be, at the Company s option, either: (i) term plus a 10 basis point adjustment plus a spread of to basis points, depending on the credit rating of the Company s senior, unsecured, long-term debt published by Standard Poor s Rating Services and Moody s Investors Service, Inc.; (ii) the higher of 
 the , the plus basis points, and term SOFR (based on a month interest period) plus basis points, 
 plus, in each case, to basis points, depending on the credit rating of the Company s senior, unsecured, debt published by Standard Poor s Rating Services and Mood s Investors Service, Inc.; or (iii) daily simple SOFR plus a basis point adjustment plus a spread of to basis points, depending on the credit rating of the Company s senior, unsecured, long-term debt published by Standard Poor s Rating Services and Mood s Investors Service, Inc. 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company had outstanding borrowings under the revolving credit facility. The revolving credit facility has a maturity date of October 18, 2026, and contains a financial covenant that may limit additional borrowing capability under the agreement. At December 31, 2022, the Company had the ability to borrow under this facility, after consideration of standby letters of credit of associated with certain insurance obligations. The Company also maintains certain short-term bank lines of credit totaling , of which was unused at December 31, 2022. The revolving credit facility includes a financial leverage covenant. The Company was in compliance with this covenant at December 31, 2022. The minimum aggregate maturities of long-term debt for each of the five years following 2022 are: , , , , and . The obligations arising under the senior unsecured notes due 2044, the senior unsecured notes due 2054, and the revolving credit facility are guaranteed by the Company and its wholly owned subsidiaries Valmont Telecommunications, Inc., Valmont Coatings, Inc., Valmont Newmark, Inc., and Valmont Queensland Pty. Ltd. shares of common stock remained available for issuance under the plans. Shares and options issued and available are subject to changes in 
 74 

Table of Contents Valmont Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED Three-year period ended December 31, 2022 (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 or on the fifth anniversary of the grant. Expiration of grants is seven to from the date of grant. Restricted stock units and awards generally vest in equal installments over beginning on the first anniversary of the grant. The Company recorded , , and of compensation expense (included in selling, general and administrative expenses) in the 2022, 2021, and 2020 fiscal years for all share-based compensation programs, respectively. The associated tax benefits recorded in the 2022, 2021, and 2020 fiscal years was , , and , respectively. (12) STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION CONTINUED At December 31, 2022, the amount of unrecognized stock option compensation expense, to be recognized over a weighted average period of years, was approximately . Compensation expense for stock options was in 2022, in 2021, and in 2020. The Company uses a binomial option pricing model to value its stock options. Risk-free interest rate Expected life from vesting date yrs yrs yrs Dividend yield Granted Exercised ) Forfeited ) Outstanding at December 26, 2020 Options vested or expected to vest at December 26, 2020 Options exercisable at December 26, 2020 
 75 

Table of Contents Valmont Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED Three-year period ended December 31, 2022 (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 . 

Weighted Weighted Average Average Remaining Aggregate Number of Exercise Contractual Intrinsic Shares Price Term Value Outstanding at December 26, 2020 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited ) Outstanding at December 25, 2021 Options vested or expected to vest at December 25, 2021 Options exercisable at December 25, 2021 The weighted average per share fair value of options granted during 2021 was . 
 76 

Table of Contents Valmont Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED Three-year period ended December 31, 2022 (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 Options vested or expected to vest at December 31, 2022 Options exercisable at December 31, 2022 The weighted average per share fair value of options granted during 2022 was . In accordance with shareholder-approved plans, the Human Resource Committee of the Board of Directors may grant stock under various stock based compensation arrangements, including restricted stock awards, restricted stock units, performance based restricted stock units, and stock issued in lieu of cash bonuses. Under such arrangements, stock or cash (as applicable) is issued without direct cost to the employee. The restricted stock units are settled in Company stock when the restriction period ends. Restricted stock units and awards generally vest in equal installments over three years beginning on the first anniversary of the grant. All cash-settled restricted stock units are marked-to-market and presented within other accrued expenses and noncurrent liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Weighted average per share price on grant date Recognized compensation expense During the second half of 2021, the Company granted restricted stock units, worth , to certain employees of Prospera. These restricted stock units vest in equal installments over and require the employees to continue employment over those four years. As such, the related compensation expense will be incurred over the vesting period. At December 31, 2022 the amount of deferred stock based compensation granted, to be recognized over a weighted average period of years, was approximately . Performance-based restricted stock units PSU awards consist of shares of the Company s stock which are payable upon the determination that the Company achieve certain established performance targets and can range from to of the targeted payout based on the actual results. PSUs granted in 2022 and 2021 have a performance period of . The fair value of each PSU granted is equal to the fair market value of the Company s common stock on the date of grant. PSUs granted generally have a period cliff vesting schedule; however, according to the grant agreements, if certain conditions are met, the employee (or beneficiary) will receive a prorated amount of the award based on active employment during the service period. 
 77 

Table of Contents Valmont Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED Three-year period ended December 31, 2022 (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 Weighted average per share price on grant date Recognized compensation expense 
 78 

Table of Contents Valmont Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED Three-year period ended December 31, 2022 (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 Weighted average shares outstanding (000 s) Per share amount ) 2021: Net earnings attributable to Valmont Industries, Inc. Weighted average shares outstanding (000 s) Per share amount ) 2020: Net earnings attributable to Valmont Industries, Inc. Weighted average shares outstanding (000 s) Per share amount ) Basic and diluted net earnings and earnings per share in fiscal year 2022 were impacted by a loss from the divestiture of the offshore wind energy structures business of associated tax benefit) per share). Basic and diluted net earnings and earnings per share in fiscal year 2021 were impacted by impairments of long-lived assets (customer relationship intangible asset, trade name, and property, plant and equipment) associated with the offshore wind energy structures business of after-tax per share) and a valuation allowance against the deferred tax assets of the offshore wind energy structures business of after-tax per share). Basic and diluted net earnings and earnings per share in fiscal year 2020 were impacted by impairments of goodwill and intangible assets in fiscal year 2020 of after-tax per share) and restructuring expenses of after-tax per share). Earnings per share are computed independently for each of the quarters. Therefore, the sum of the quarterly earnings per share may not equal the total for the year. At the end of fiscal years 2022, 2021, and 2020 there were , , and outstanding stock options, respectively, with exercise prices exceeding the market price of common stock that were excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per share, respectively. of annual pay, on a pre-tax and/or after-tax basis. The Company also makes contributions to the VERSP and a non-qualified deferred compensation plan for certain Company executives. The 2022, 2021, and 2020 Company contributions to these plans amounted to approximately , , and , respectively. The Company sponsors a fully funded, non-qualified deferred compensation plan for certain Company executives who otherwise would be limited in receiving company contributions into the VERSP under Internal Revenue Service regulations. The invested assets and related liabilities of these participants were and at December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021, respectively. Such amounts are included in Other assets and Deferred compensation on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 79 

Table of Contents Valmont Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED Three-year period ended December 31, 2022 (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 and at December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021, respectively. All distributions were made in cash. 
 80 

Table of Contents Valmont Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED Three-year period ended December 31, 2022 (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 with an estimated fair value of approximately . At December 25, 2021, the carrying amount of the Company s long-term debt was with an estimated fair value of approximately . ASC 820 establishes a three level hierarchy for fair value measurements based upon the transparency of inputs to the valuation of an asset or liability as of the measurement date is used. Inputs refers broadly to the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability, including assumptions about risk. Financial assets and liabilities carried at fair value will be classified and disclosed in one of the following three categories: Level 1: Quoted market prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. Level 2: Observable market based inputs or unobservable inputs that are corroborated by market data. Level 3: Unobservable inputs that are not corroborated by market data. 
 The categorization within the valuation hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. Following is a description of the valuation methodologies used for assets and liabilities measured at fair value. Trading Securities: The assets and liabilities recorded for the investments held in the Valmont Deferred Compensation Plan of in 2021 represent mutual funds, invested in debt and equity securities, classified as trading securities, considering the employee s ability to change investment allocation of their deferred compensation at any time. The Company s remaining ownership in Delta EMD Pty. Ltd. (JSE:DTA) of in 2021) is recorded at fair value at December 31, 2022. Quoted market prices are available for these securities in an active market and therefore categorized as a Level 1 input. These securities are included in Other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Derivative Financial Instruments: The fair value of foreign currency and commodity forward and cross currency contracts is based on a valuation model that discounts cash flows resulting from the differential between the contract price and the market-based forward rate. Mutual Funds: The Company has short-term investments in various mutual funds. Marketable Securities: The Company s marketable securities consist of short-term investments in certificates of deposit. Derivative financial instruments, net Cash and cash equivalents - mutual funds Cash and cash equivalents - marketable securities 
 81 

Table of Contents Valmont Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED Three-year period ended December 31, 2022 (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 Derivative financial instruments, net ) ) ) Foreign currency forward contracts Prepaid expenses and other assets Foreign currency forward contracts Accrued expenses ) Cross currency swap contracts Prepaid expenses and other assets Cross currency swap contracts Accrued expenses ) ) Foreign currency forward contracts Product sales Foreign currency forward contracts Other income ) ) Interest rate hedge amortization Interest expense ) ) ) Cross currency swap contracts Loss from divestiture of wind energy structures business Cross currency swap contracts Interest expense 
 82 

Table of Contents Valmont Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED Three-year period ended December 31, 2022 (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 Cash Flow Hedges During 2021, the Company entered into steel hot rolled coil HRC forward contracts that qualify as a cash flow hedge of the variability in cash flows attributable to future steel purchases. The forward contracts had a notional amount of for the total purchase of short tons. During the second quarter of 2022, the Company entered into additional steel HRC forward contracts that qualify as a cash flow hedge of the variability in cash flows attributable to future steel purchases. The forward contracts had a notional amount of for the total purchase of short tons. As of December 31, 2022, the forward contracts had a notional amount of for the total purchase of short tons from January 2023 to March 2023. The gain (loss) realized upon settlement will be recorded in product cost of sales in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings over average inventory turns. 
 83 

Table of Contents Valmont Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED Three-year period ended December 31, 2022 (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 for the total purchase of mmBtu from October 2022 to October 2023. During the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company entered into additional natural gas commodity forward contracts that also qualify as a cash flow hedge. The forward contracts had a notional amount of for the total purchase of mmBtu from January 2023 to October 2024. As of December 31, 2022, the forward contracts had a notional amount of for the total purchase of mmBtu from January 2023 to October 2024. The gain (loss) realized upon settlement will be recorded in Product cost of sales in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings in the period consumed. During the third quarter of 2022, a subsidiary with a euro functional currency entered into a foreign currency forward contract to mitigate foreign currency risk related to a large customer order denominated in U.S. dollars. The forward contract, which qualifies as a fair value hedge, matures in February 2023 and has a notional amount to sell in exchange for a stated amount of euros. During 2021, a Brazilian subsidiary with a real functional currency entered into foreign currency forward contracts to mitigate foreign currency risk related to a customer order with components purchased in euros. The forward contracts, which qualified as a cash flow hedge, matured in July and September 2021 and had notional amounts to buy euros in exchange for a stated amount of Brazilian real. During 2021, a subsidiary with a euro functional currency entered into a foreign currency forward contract to mitigate foreign currency risk related to a large customer order denominated in U.S. dollars. The forward contract, which qualified as a fair value hedge, matured in December 2021 and a notional amount to sell in exchange for a stated amount of euros. In 2020, a Brazilian subsidiary with a real functional currency entered into foreign currency forward contracts to mitigate foreign currency risk related to a customer order with components purchased in euros. The forward contracts, which qualified as a cash flow hedge, matured in December 2020 and a notional amount to buy euros in exchange for a stated amount of Brazilian real. In 2020, a subsidiary with a euro functional currency entered into foreign currency forward contracts to mitigate foreign currency risk related to a large customer order denominated in U.S. dollars. The forward contracts, which qualified as a cash flow hedge, matured in June 2021 and a notional amount to sell in exchange for a stated amount of euros. Net Investment Hedges In the second quarter of 2020, the Company early settled its Australian dollar denominated foreign currency forward contracts and received proceeds of . Amounts will remain in OCI until either the sale or substantially complete liquidation of the related subsidiaries. In the second quarter of 2019, the Company entered into fixed-for-fixed cross currency swaps CCS ), swapping U.S. dollar principal and interest payments on a portion of its senior unsecured notes due 2044 for Danish krone DKK and euro denominated payments. The CCS were entered into in order to mitigate foreign currency risk on the Company s euro and DKK investments and to reduce interest expense. Interest is exchanged twice per year on April 1 and October 1. The Company designated the full notional amount of the CCS as a hedge of the net investment in certain Danish and European subsidiaries under the spot method, with all changes in the fair value of the CCS that are included in the assessment of effectiveness (changes due to spot foreign exchange rates) are recorded as cumulative foreign currency translation within AOCI. Net interest receipts will be recorded as a reduction of interest expense over the life of the CCS. During the second half of 2022, the Company settled the DKK CCS and received proceeds of . Due to the sale of the offshore wind energy structures business in the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company reclassified the cumulative net investment hedge 
 84 

Table of Contents Valmont Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED Three-year period ended December 31, 2022 (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 after tax) from OCI to Loss from divestiture of offshore wind energy structures business in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings. Key terms of the Euro CCS are as follows: April 1, 2024 Payments made ) ) Change in liability for warranties issued during the period Change in liability for pre-existing warranties ) ) Balance, end of period of final salary per year of service upon reaching the age of . This Plan has active employees as members at December 31, 2022. Funded Status The Company recognizes the overfunded or underfunded status of the pension plan as an asset or liability. The funded status represents the difference between the projected benefit obligation PBO and the fair value of the plan assets. The PBO is the present value of benefits earned to date by plan participants, including the effect of assumed future salary increases (if applicable) and inflation. Plan assets are measured at fair value. Because the pension plan is denominated in British pounds sterling, the Company used exchange rates of / and / to translate the net pension liability into U.S. dollars at December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021, respectively. The PBO was at December 31, 2022. The net funded status of at December 31, 2022 is recorded as a noncurrent asset reflecting, in part, a significant actuarial gain for the period from December 25, 2021 to December 31, 2022 attributed to an increase in the discount rate. 
 85 

Table of Contents Valmont Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED Three-year period ended December 31, 2022 (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 ) Employer contributions Interest cost Actual return on plan assets Benefits paid ) ) Actuarial gain ) Currency translation ) ) Fair Value at December 25, 2021 ) Changes in the PBO and fair value of plan assets for the pension plan for the period from December 25, 2021 to December 31, 2022 were as follows: 

Projected Benefit Plan Funded Obligation Assets status Fair Value at December 25, 2021 ) Employer contributions Interest cost Actual return on plan assets ) Benefits paid ) ) Actuarial gain ) Currency translation ) ) Fair Value at December 31, 2022 Actuarial gain decreased the projected benefit obligation resulted from an increase in the discount rate to in 2022 versus . 
 86 

Table of Contents Valmont Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED Three-year period ended December 31, 2022 (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts)) Actuarial gain Prior service costs amortization Currency translation gain Balance December 25, 2021 ) Actuarial loss ) Prior service costs amortization Currency translation gain Balance December 31, 2022 ) Assumptions Salary increase N/A N/A CPI inflation RPI inflation (19) DEFINED BENEFIT RETIREMENT PLAN CONTINUED Expense/(Benefit) Pension benefit is determined based upon the annual service cost of benefits (the actuarial cost of benefits earned during a period) and the interest cost on those liabilities, less the expected return on plan assets. The interest cost component is calculated using the full yield curve approach to estimate the interest cost by applying the specific spot rates along the yield curve used to determine the present value of the benefit plan obligations to relevant cash outflows for the corresponding year. The expected long-term rate of return on plan assets is applied to the fair value of plan assets. Differences in actual experience in relation to assumptions are not recognized in net earnings immediately, but are deferred and, if necessary, amortized as pension expense. ) ) Amortization of prior service cost Net periodic benefit ) ) 
 87 

Table of Contents Valmont Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED Three-year period ended December 31, 2022 (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 Assumptions Discount rate for interest cost Expected return on plan assets CPI Inflation RPI Inflation The discount rate is based on the yields of AA-rated corporate bonds with durational periods similar to that of the pension liabilities. The expected return on plan assets is based on the asset allocation mix and the historical return, taking into account current and expected market conditions. The expected return of plan assets decreased from to for 2022 as the investment composition has more liability matching versus return seeking assets. Inflation is based on expected changes in the consumer price index or the retail price index in the U.K. depending on the relevant plan provisions. Cash Contributions The Company completed negotiations with Plan trustees in 2022 regarding annual funding for the Plan. The annual contributions into the Plan are (/ per annum as part of the Plan s recovery plan, along with a contribution to cover the administrative costs of the Plan of approximately (/ per annum. In December 2020, the Company made its required 2021 annual contribution in addition to the required 2020 annual contribution that was made earlier in fiscal 2020. Benefit Payments 2024 2025 2026 2027 Years 2028 - 2032 
 88 

Table of Contents Valmont Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED Three-year period ended December 31, 2022 (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 of the assets of the plan in common stock mutual funds and diversified growth funds, with the remainder of the investments in long-term fixed income securities, including corporate bonds and index-linked U.K. gilts. The trustees regularly consult with representatives of the plan sponsor and independent advisors on such matters. The pension plan investments are held in a trust. The weighted average maturity of the corporate bond portfolio was at December 31, 2022. Fair Value Measurements The pension plan assets are valued at fair value. The following is a description of the valuation methodologies used for the investments measured at fair value, including the general classification of such instruments pursuant to the valuation hierarchy. Leveraged Inflation-Linked Gilts LDIs LDIs are a combination of U.K. government-backed securities (such as bonds or other fixed income securities issued directly by the U.K. Treasury) money market instruments, and derivatives combined to give leveraged exposure to changes in the U.K. long-term interest and inflation rates. These funds are expected to offset a proportion of the impact changes in the long-term interest and inflation rates in the U.K. have on the pension plan s benefit plan obligation liability. The fair value recorded by the Plan is calculated using net asset value NAV for each investment. Temporary Cash Investments These investments consist of British pound sterling, reported in terms of U.S. dollars based on currency exchange rates readily available in active markets. These temporary cash investments are classified as Level 1 investments. Corporate Bonds Corporate bonds and debentures consist of fixed income securities issued by U.K. corporations. The fair value recorded by the Plan is calculated using NAV for each investment. Corporate Stock This investment category consists of common and preferred stock, including mutual funds, issued by U.K. and non-U.K. corporations. The fair value recorded by the Plan is calculated using NAV for each investment. Secured Income Asset SIA Funds This investment category consists of holdings which will have a high level of expected inflation linkage. Examples of underlying assets classes are rental streams and infrastructure debt. Due to the private nature of these investments, pricing inputs are not readily observable. Asset valuations are developed by the fund manager. These valuations are based on the application of public market multiples to private company cash flows, market transactions that provide valuation information for comparable companies, and other methods. The fair value recorded by the Plan is calculated using NAV. 
 89 

Table of Contents Valmont Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED Three-year period ended December 31, 2022 (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 Total plan net assets at fair value Plan assets at NAV: Leveraged inflation-linked gilt funds Corporate bonds Corporate stock Secured income asset funds Total plan assets at NAV Total plan assets 

Quoted Prices in Significant Other Significant Active Markets Observable Unobservable for Identical Inputs Inputs December 25, 2021 Inputs (Level 1) (Level 2) (Level 3) Total Plan assets at fair value: Temporary cash investments Total plan net assets at fair value Plan assets at NAV: Leveraged inflation-linked gilt funds Corporate bonds Corporate stock Secured income asset funds Total plan assets at NAV Total plan assets to , some of which include options to extend leases for up to . The Company does not have any financing leases. The Company elected practical expedients not to reassess whether existing contracts are or contain leases, to not reassess the lease classification of any existing leases, to not reassess initial direct costs for any existing leases, to use hindsight in determining the lease term and in assessing impairment of the right-of-use asset, and to not separate lease and non-lease components for all classes of underlying assets. The Company determines if an arrangement is a lease at inception. Operating leases are included in Other assets , Other accrued expenses , and Operating lease liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. ROU assets represent the right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent the obligation to make future lease payments arising from the lease. 
 90 

Table of Contents Valmont Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED Three-year period ended December 31, 2022 (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 , a annual increase in lease payment, and a term during 2021. In recognition of this lease, an operating lease asset of and an operating long-term liability of was recognized. Operating cash outflows from operating leases ROU assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations Weighted average remaining lease term Weighted average discount rate Operating lease cost includes approximately for short-term lease costs and approximately for variable lease payments in 2022. Operating lease short-term liabilities Other accrued expenses Operating lease long-term liabilities Operating lease liabilities Total lease liabilities 
 91 

Table of Contents Valmont Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED Three-year period ended December 31, 2022 (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Subsequent Total minimum lease payments Less: Interest Present value of minimum lease payments 
 92 

Table of Contents Valmont Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED Three-year period ended December 31, 2022 (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 reportable segment structure organized by market dynamics (Infrastructure and Agriculture). operating segments resulted from the new management structure and are aggregated into the Agriculture reportable segment. The Company considers gross profit margins, nature of products sold, nature of the production processes, type and class of customer, and methods used to distribute products when assessing aggregation of operating segments. The Infrastructure segment includes the previous reportable segments of Utility Support Structures, Engineered Support Structures, and Coatings. All prior period segment information has been recast to reflect this change in reportable segments. The Company has reportable segments based on its management structure. Each segment is global in nature with a manager responsible for segment operational performance and the allocation of capital within the segment. Net corporate expense is net of certain service related expenses that are allocated to business units generally on the basis of employee headcounts and sales dollars. Reportable segments are as follows: INFRASTRUCTURE: This segment consists of the manufacture and distribution of products and solutions to serve the infrastructure markets of utility, renewable energy, lighting, transportation, and telecommunications, and coatings services to preserve medal products. AGRICULTURE: This segment consists of the manufacture of center pivot components and linear irrigation equipment for agricultural markets, including parts and tubular products, and advanced technology solutions for precision agriculture. In addition to these reportable segments, the Company had a business and related activities that is not more than 10 of consolidated sales, operating income or assets. This includes the offshore wind energy structures business and was reported in the Other segment until its divestiture in 2022. The accounting policies of the reportable segments are the same as those described in Note 1. The Company evaluates the performance of its business segments based upon operating income and invested capital. The Company s operating income for segment purposes excludes unallocated corporate general and administrative expenses, interest expense, non-operating income and deductions, or income taxes. 
 93 

Table of Contents Valmont Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED Three-year period ended December 31, 2022 (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 Agriculture Other Total INTERSEGMENT SALES: Infrastructure ) ) ) Agriculture ) ) ) Other Total ) ) ) NET SALES: Infrastructure Agriculture Other Total OPERATING INCOME (LOSS): Infrastructure Agriculture Other ) ) Corporate ) ) ) Total 

Fifty-three weeks ended December 31, 2022 Infrastructure Agriculture Other Intersegment Sales Consolidated Geographical market: North America ) International ) Total ) Product line: Transmission, Distribution, and Substation Lighting and Transportation Coatings ) Telecommunications Renewable Energy ) Irrigation Equipment and Parts, excluding Technology ) Technology Products and Services Total ) 
 94 

Table of Contents Valmont Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED Three-year period ended December 31, 2022 (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 ) International Total ) Product line: Transmission, Distribution, and Substation Lighting and Transportation Coatings ) Telecommunications Renewable Energy Irrigation Equipment and Parts, excluding Technology ) Technology Products and Services Total ) 

Fifty-two weeks ended December 26, 2020 Infrastructure Agriculture Other Intersegment Sales Consolidated Geographical market: North America ) International Total ) Product line: Transmission, Distribution, and Substation Lighting and Transportation Coatings ) Telecommunications Renewable Energy Irrigation Equipment and Parts, excluding Technology ) Technology Products and Services Total ) 
 95 

Table of Contents Valmont Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED Three-year period ended December 31, 2022 (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 Agriculture Other ) ) Corporate ) ) ) Total Interest expense, net ) ) ) Loss from divestiture of wind energy structures business ) Other Earnings before income taxes and equity in earnings of nonconsolidated subsidiaries 
 96 

Table of Contents Valmont Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED Three-year period ended December 31, 2022 (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 Agriculture Other Corporate Total 

2022 2021 2020 CAPITAL EXPENDITURES: Infrastructure Agriculture Other Corporate Total Agriculture Other Corporate Total Summary by Geographical Area by Location of Valmont Facilities: 

2022 2021 2020 NET SALES: United States Australia Brazil Denmark Other Total LONG-LIVED ASSETS: United States Australia Brazil Denmark Other Total 
 97 

Table of Contents Valmont Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED Three-year period ended December 31, 2022 (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 No single customer accounted for more than 10 of net sales in 2022, 2021, or 2020. Net sales by geographical area are based on the location of the facility producing the sales and do not include sales to other operating units of the Company. Brazil and Australia accounted for approximately and of the Company s net sales in 2022, respectively; no other foreign country accounted for more than 3 of the Company s net sales. Operating income by business segment are based on net sales less identifiable operating expenses and allocations and includes profits recorded on sales to other operating units of the Company. Long-lived assets consist of property, plant, and equipment, net of depreciation, goodwill, other intangible assets, and other assets. Long-lived assets by geographical area are based on location of facilities. 
 98 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. None. ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. The Company carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s management, including the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-15. Based upon that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this report, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures are effective to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports the Company files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is (1) accumulated and communicated to management, including the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures and (2) recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the Commission s rules and forms. MANAGEMENT S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING The Company s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as such term is defined in Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). The Company carried out an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s management, including the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. The Company s management used the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations COSO to perform this evaluation. Based on that evaluation, the Company s management concluded that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. The effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by Deloitte Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report, a copy of which is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 99 

Table of Contents 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the shareholders and the Board of Directors of Valmont Industries, Inc. Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Valmont Industries, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, of the Company and our report dated March 1, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. Basis for Opinion The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting . Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. /s/ DELOITTE TOUCHE LLP Omaha, Nebraska March 1, 2023 
 100 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION. Shareholder Return Performance Graphs The graphs below compare the yearly change in the cumulative total shareholder return on the Company s common stock with the cumulative total returns of the S P Mid Cap 400 Index and the S P Mid Cap 400 Industrial Machinery Index for the five and ten-year periods ended December 31, 2022. The Company was added to these indexes in 2009 by Standard Poor s. The graphs assume that the beginning value of the investment in Valmont Common Stock and each index was 100 and that all dividends were reinvested. 
 101 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. Not Applicable. 
 102 

Table of Contents 
 PART III ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. Except for the information relating to the executive officers of the Company set forth in Part I of this 10-K Report, the information called for by items 10, 11, and 13 is incorporated by reference to the sections entitled Certain Shareholders , Corporate Governance , Board of Directors and Election of Directors , Board Committees , Compensation Discussion and Analysis , Compensation Risk Assessment , Human Resources Committee Report , Pay Ratio Information , Summary Compensation Table , Grants of Plan-Based Awards for Fiscal Year 2022 , Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End , Options Exercised and Stock Vested in Fiscal 2022 , Nonqualified Deferred Compensation , Director Compensation , and Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change-in-Control in the Proxy Statement. The Company has adopted a Code of Ethics for Senior Officers that applies to the Company s Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and Controller and has posted the code on its website at www.valmont.com through the Investors Relations link. The Company intends to satisfy the disclosure requirement under Item 5.05 of Form 8-K relating to amendments to or waivers from any provision of the Code of Ethics for Senior Officers applicable to the Company s Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, or Controller by posting that information on the Company s Web site at www.valmont.com through the Investors Relations link. ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. See Item 10. ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. Incorporated herein by reference to Certain Shareholders and Equity Compensation Plan Information in the Proxy Statement. ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. See Item 10. ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES. The information called for by Item 14 is incorporated by reference to the sections titled Ratification of Appointment of Independent Auditors in the Proxy Statement. 
 103 

Table of Contents 
 PART IV ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. (a)(1)(2) Financial Statements and Schedules . The following consolidated financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries are included herein as listed below: Consolidated Financial Statements Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 34) 44 Consolidated Statements of Earnings Three-Year Period Ended December 31, 2022 46 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income Three-Year Period Ended December 31, 2022 47 Consolidated Balance Sheets December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021 48 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Three-Year Period Ended December 31, 2022 49 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity Three-Year Period Ended December 31, 2022 50 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Three-Year Period Ended December 31, 2022 51 All financial statement schedules have been omitted as the required information is not applicable, not required, or the information is included in the consolidated financial statements or related notes. Separate financial statements of the registrant have been omitted because the registrant meets the requirements which permit omission. (3) Index to Exhibits See exhibits listed under Part B below. 
 104 

Table of Contents 
 (b) Exhibits 

Exhibit 3.1 The Company s Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended. This document was filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (Commission file number 001-31429) for the quarter ended March 28, 2009 and is incorporated herein by this reference. Exhibit 3.2 The Company s By-Laws, as amended. This document was filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 13, 2022 and is incorporated herein (Commission file number 001-31429) by reference . Exhibit 4.1 Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of October 18, 2021, among the Company, Valmont Industries Holland B.V. and Valmont Group Pty. Ltd., as Borrowers, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, and the other lenders party thereto. This document was filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (Commission file number 001-31429) dated October 18, 2021 and is incorporated herein by reference . Exhibit 4.2 Indenture relating to senior debt, dated as of April 12, 2010, among Valmont Industries, Inc., the Subsidiary Guarantors party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association., as Trustee. This document was filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (Commission file number 001-31429) dated April 12, 2010 and is incorporated herein by this reference . Exhibit 4.3 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 12, 2010, to indenture relating to senior debt, dated as of April 12, 2010, among Valmont Industries, Inc., the Subsidiary Guarantors party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee. This document was filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (Commission file number 001-31429) dated April 12, 2010 and is incorporated herein by this reference . Exhibit 4.4 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 22, 2014, to Indenture relating to senior debt, dated as of April 12, 2010, among Valmont Industries, Inc., the Subsidiary Guarantors party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee. This document was filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (Commission file number 001-31429) dated September 22, 2014 and is incorporated herein by this reference . Exhibit 4.5 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 22, 2014, to Indenture relating to senior debt, dated as of April 12, 2010, among Valmont Industries, Inc., the Subsidiary Guarantors party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee. This document was filed as Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (Commission file number 001-31429) dated September 22, 2014 and is incorporated herein by this reference . Exhibit 4.6 Description of Registrant s Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. This document was filed as Exhibit 4.9 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K (Commission file number 001-31429) for the year ended December 28, 2019 and is incorporated herein by this reference . Exhibit 10.1 The Company s 2013 Stock Plan. This document was filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (Commission file number 001-31429) dated April 30, 2013 and is incorporated herein by reference . Exhibit 10.2 2013 Stock Plan Amendment, dated December 17, 2015. This document was filed as Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K (Commission file number 001-31429) for the year ended December 26, 2015 and is incorporated herein by this reference . Exhibit 10.3 The Company s 2018 Stock Plan. This document was filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (Commission file number 001-31429) dated March 12, 2018 and is incorporated herein by reference . Exhibit 10.4 The Company s 2022 Stock Plan. This document was filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 14, 2022 (Commission file number 001-1429) and herein incorporated by reference . 
 105 

Table of Contents 
 Exhibit 10.5 Form of Stock Option Agreement. This document was filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K (Commission file number 001-31429) for the year ended December 25, 2021 and is incorporated herein by this reference . Exhibit 10.6 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (Domestic). This document was filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K (Commission file number 001-31429) for the year ended December 25, 2021 and is incorporated herein by this reference . Exhibit 10.7 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (Director). This document was filed as Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K (Commission file number 001-31429) for the year ended December 25, 2021 and is incorporated herein by this reference . Exhibit 10.8 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (International). This document was filed as Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K (Commission file number 001-31429) for the year ended December 25, 2021 and is incorporated herein by this reference . Exhibit 10.9 The Valmont Executive Incentive Plan. This document was filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (Commission file number 001-31429) dated April 30, 2013 and is incorporated herein by reference . Exhibit 10.10 The Amended Unfunded Deferred Compensation Plan for Nonemployee Directors. This document was filed as Exhibit 10.15 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K (Commission file number 001-31429) for the fiscal year ended December 28, 2013 and is incorporated herein by this reference . Exhibit 10.11 VERSP Deferred Compensation Plan. This document was filed as Exhibit 10.16 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K (Commission file number 001-31429) for the fiscal year ended December 28, 2013 and is incorporated herein by this reference . Exhibit 21 Subsidiaries of the Company . Exhibit 22.1 List of Issuer and Guarantor Subsidiaries. This document was filed as Exhibit 22.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (Commission file number 001-31429) for the quarter ended September 25, 2021 and is incorporated herein by reference . Exhibit 23 Consent of Deloitte Touche LLP . Exhibit 24 Power of Attorney . Exhibit 31.1 Section 302 Certification of Chief Executive Officer . Exhibit 31.2 Section 302 Certification of Chief Financial Officer . Exhibit 32.1 Section 906 Certifications . Exhibit 101 The following financial information from the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, formatted in Inline XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the Consolidated Statements of Earnings, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income,(iii) the Consolidated Balance Sheets, (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, (v) the Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity, (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, and (vii) document and entity information. Exhibit 104 Cover Page Interactive File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

 Filed herewith 
 106 

Table of Contents 
 Pursuant to Item 601(b)(4) of Regulation S-K, certain instruments with respect to the registrant s long-term debt are not filed with this Form 10-K. Valmont will furnish a copy of such long-term debt agreements to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request. Management contracts and compensatory plans are set forth as Exhibits 10.1 through 10.11. 
 107 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY Not Applicable. 
 108 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on the 1st day of March, 2023 

Valmont Industries, Inc. By: /s/ STEPHEN G. KANIEWSKI Stephen G. Kaniewski President and Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated and on the dates indicated. 

Signature Title Date /s/ STEPHEN G. KANIEWSKI Director, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 3/1/2023 Stephen G. Kaniewski /s/ AVNER M. APPLBAUM Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 3/1/2023 Avner M. Applbaum /s/ GENE PADGETT Senior Vice President and Controller (Principal Accounting Officer) 3/1/2023 Gene Padgett Mogens C. Bay James B. Milliken K.R. den Daas Daniel P. Neary Ritu C. Favre Catherine J. Paglia Theo W. Freye Clark T. Randt, Jr. Richard A. Lanoha Joan Robinson-Berry 

 Stephen G. Kaniewski, by signing his name hereto, signs the Annual Report on behalf of each of the directors indicated on this the 1st day of March, 2023. A Power of Attorney authorizing Stephen G. Kaniewski to sign the Annual Report on Form 10-K on behalf of each of the indicated directors of Valmont Industries, Inc. has been filed herein as Exhibit 24. By: /s/ STEPHEN G. KANIEWSKI Stephen G. Kaniewski Attorney-in-Fact 
 109 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 vmi-20221231xex21d1.htm
 EX-21.1

Exhibit 21 SUBSIDIARIES OF VALMONT INDUSTRIES, INC. 

State or Country Name of Subsidiary of Incorporation AgSense, LLC South Dakota American Galvanizing New Jersey ConcealFab, Inc. Delaware Convert Italia S.p.A. Italy Delta Electrical Engineering B.V. The Netherlands Delta Ltd. United Kingdom George Industries, Inc. California Locker Group Holdings Pty. Ltd. Australia Prospera Technologies, Ltd Isreal Pure Metal Galvanizing, ULC Canada Stainton Metal Co, Ltd. United Kingdom Tehomet Baltic Ou Estonia Tehomet Oy Finland Valley Irrigation South Africa, (PTY) Ltd. South Africa Valmont Australia Irrigation Pty. Ltd. Australia Valmont Coatings, Inc. Delaware Valmont France S.A.S. France Valmont Group Holdings Pty. Ltd. Australia Valmont Industria e Comercio, Ltda. Brazil Valmont Industries (China) Co.,Ltd. China Valmont Industries (Guangdong), Ltd. China Valmont Industries (Shandong), Ltd. China Valmont Industries de Argentina S.A. Argentina Valmont Industries Holland B.V. The Netherlands Valmont Infrastructure Services, Inc. Delaware Valmont International Corp. Texas Valmont Investimentos Ltda. Brazil Valmont Middle East FZE United Arab Emirates Valmont Monterrey S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico Valmont Nederland B.V. The Netherlands Valmont Newmark, Inc. Delaware Valmont Polska Sp.z o.o Poland Valmont Queensland Pty. Ltd. Australia Valmont Sarl Morocco Valmont Singapore Pte. Ltd. Singapore Valmont Structures Private Limited India Valmont Telecommunications, Inc. Delaware Valmont U.K. Ltd. United Kingdom Valmont West Coast Engineering LTD Canada Valmont S.A.U. Spain Walpar LLC Alabama West Coast Engineering, Inc Washington Westcoast Engineering Group, Ltd. Canada 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 vmi-20221231xex23d1.htm
 EX-23.1

Exhibit 23 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement Nos. 33-21680, 33-57117, 333-83251, 333-136071, 333-150781, 333-189086, 333-224482, and 333-264485 on Form S-8 of our reports dated March 1, 2023, relating to the financial statements of Valmont Industries, Inc. and the effectiveness of Valmont Industries, Inc. s internal control over financial reporting appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. /s/ DELOITTE TOUCHE LLP Omaha, Nebraska March 1, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-24.1>
 4
 vmi-20221231xex24d1.htm
 EX-24.1

Exhibit 24 POWER OF ATTORNEY The undersigned Directors of Valmont Industries, Inc., a Delaware Corporation, hereby constitute and appoint Stephen G. Kaniewski as attorney-in-fact in their name, place and stead to execute Valmont s annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, together with any and all subsequent amendments thereof in their capacity as Director and hereby ratify all that said attorney-in-fact may do by virtue thereof. DATED this the 1st day of March, 2023. 

/s/ MOGENS C. BAY /s/ JAMES B. MILLIKEN Mogens C. Bay, Director James B. Milliken, Director /s/ KAJ DEN DAAS /s/ DANIEL P. NEARY Kaj den Daas, Director Daniel P. Neary, Director /s/ RITU C. FAVRE /s/ CATHERINE J. PAGLIA Ritu C. Favre, Director Catherine J. Paglia, Director /s/ DR. THEO W. FREYE /s/ CLARK T. RANDT, JR. Dr. Theo W. Freye, Director Clark T. Randt, Jr., Director /s/ RICHARD A. LANOHA /s/ JOAN ROBINSON-BERRY Richard A. Lanoha, Director Joan Robinson-Berry, Director 

</EX-24.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 vmi-20221231xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31. 1 CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER I, Stephen G. Kaniewski, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Valmont Industries, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ STEPHEN G. KANIEWSKI 

Stephen G. Kaniewski President and Chief Executive Officer 

Date: March 1, 2023 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 vmi-20221231xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 31.2 CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER I, Avner M. Applbaum, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Valmont Industries, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

 /s/ AVNER M. APPLBAUM 

Avner M. Applbaum Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Date: March 1, 2023 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 vmi-20221231xex32d1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 32.1 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 The undersigned, Stephen G. Kaniewski, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Valmont Industries, Inc. (the Company ), has executed this certification in connection with the filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report ). The undersigned hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to his knowledge that: 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this certification as of the 1st day of March, 2023. 

 /s/ STEPHEN G. KANIEWSKI 

Stephen G. Kaniewski President and Chief Executive Officer 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 The undersigned, Avner M. Applbaum, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Valmont Industries, Inc. (the Company ), has executed this certification in connection with the filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report ). The undersigned hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to his knowledge that: 3. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 4. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this certification as of the 1st day of March, 2023. 

 /s/ AVNER M. APPLBAUM 

Avner M. Applbaum Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 vmi-20221231.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 vmi-20221231_cal.xml
 EX-101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 vmi-20221231_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 vmi-20221231_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 vmi-20221231_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

