<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230214_10-K_edgar_data_764065_0000764065-23-000032.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>28127220</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>471649</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>9230611</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>8574823</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4864415</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4571597</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>20</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000764065-23-000032.hdr.sgml : 20230214
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230214161104
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000764065-23-000032
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		176
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230214
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230214

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CLEVELAND-CLIFFS INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000764065
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	METAL MINING [1000]
		IRS NUMBER:				341464672
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			OH
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-08944
		FILM NUMBER:		23629290

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 PUBLIC SQUARE
		STREET 2:		STE. 3300
		CITY:			CLEVELAND
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			44114-2315
		BUSINESS PHONE:		216-694-5700

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 PUBLIC SQUARE
		STREET 2:		STE. 3300
		CITY:			CLEVELAND
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			44114-2315

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CLIFFS NATURAL RESOURCES INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20081015

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CLEVELAND CLIFFS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000764065-23-000032.txt : 20230214

10-K
 1
 clf-20221231.htm
 10-K

clf-20221231 
 
 Table of Contents 

 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act: NONE 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. NO 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files) . No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 

Table of Contents 

 As of June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common shares held by non-affiliates of the registrant, based on the closing price of 15.37 per share as reported on the New York Stock Exchange Composite Index, was (excluded from this figure are the voting shares beneficially owned by the registrant s officers and directors). 
 The number of shares outstanding of the registrant s common shares, par value 0.125 per share, was as of February 13, 2023. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Table of Contents 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page Number DEFINITIONS 1 
 PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS 4 
 Information About Our Executive Officers 16 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 17 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 28 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 29 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 39 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 40 
 PART II ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 41 
 ITEM 6. [Reserved] 42 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 42 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 58 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 59 
 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 106 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 106 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 108 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 108 
 PART III 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 109 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 109 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 109 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 109 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 109 
 PART IV ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 110 
 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 115 
 SIGNATURES 116 

Table of Contents 

 DEFINITIONS 
 The following abbreviations or acronyms are used in the text. References in this report to the Company, we, us, our, "Cleveland-Cliffs" and Cliffs are to Cleveland-Cliffs Inc. and subsidiaries, collectively. References to is to United States currency. 
 Abbreviation or acronym Term 4.625 2029 Senior Notes 4.625 Senior Guaranteed Notes due 2029 issued by Cleveland-Cliffs Inc. on February 17, 2021 in an aggregate principal amount of 500 million 4.875 2031 Senior Notes 4.875 Senior Guaranteed Notes due 2031 issued by Cleveland-Cliffs Inc. on February 17, 2021 in an aggregate principal amount of 500 million 2012 Amended Equity Plan Cliffs Natural Resources Inc. 2012 Incentive Equity Plan, as amended or amended and restated from time to time 2020 Acquisitions The AK Steel Merger and AM USA Transaction, collectively 2021 Equity Plan Cleveland-Cliffs Inc. 2021 Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan A R 2015 Equity Plan Cliffs Natural Resources Inc. Amended and Restated 2015 Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan ABL Facility Asset-Based Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of March 13, 2020, among Cleveland-Cliffs Inc., the lenders party thereto from time to time and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, as amended as of March 27, 2020, December 9, 2020 and December 17, 2021, and as may be further amended from time to time Adjusted EBITDA EBITDA, excluding certain items such as EBITDA of noncontrolling interests, extinguishment of debt, acquisition-related expenses and adjustments, asset impairment and other, net AG Autogenous grinding AHSS Advanced high-strength steel AK Steel AK Steel Holding Corporation (n/k/a Cleveland-Cliffs Steel Holding Corporation) and its consolidated subsidiaries, including AK Steel Corporation (n/k/a Cleveland-Cliffs Steel Corporation), its direct, wholly owned subsidiary, collectively, unless stated otherwise or the context indicates otherwise AK Steel Merger The merger of Merger Sub with and into AK Steel, with AK Steel surviving the merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of Cleveland-Cliffs Inc., subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement, consummated on March 13, 2020 AM USA Transaction The acquisition of ArcelorMittal USA, consummated on December 9, 2020 AM USA Transaction Agreement Transaction Agreement, dated as of September 28, 2020, by and between Cleveland-Cliffs Inc. and ArcelorMittal AOCI Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ArcelorMittal ArcelorMittal S.A., a company organized under the laws of Luxembourg and the former ultimate parent company of ArcelorMittal USA ArcelorMittal USA Substantially all of the operations of the former ArcelorMittal USA LLC, its subsidiaries and certain affiliates, and Kote and Tek, collectively ASC Accounting Standards Codification ASU Accounting Standards Update Board The Board of Directors of Cleveland-Cliffs Inc. BOF Basic oxygen furnace CAFE Corporate Average Fuel Economy CARES Act Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act CERCLA Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980 CHIPS Act Creating Helpful Incentives to Produce Semiconductors and Science Act of 2022 Clean Water Act Federal Water Pollution Control Act CN Canadian National Railway Company Compensation Committee Compensation and Organization Committee of the Board COVID-19 A novel strain of coronavirus that the World Health Organization declared a global pandemic in March 2020 Directors Plan Cleveland-Cliffs Inc. 2021 Nonemployee Directors Compensation Plan Dodd-Frank Act Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act DOE U.S. Department of Energy DR-grade Direct reduction-grade EAF Electric arc furnace EBITDA Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization EDC Export Development Canada Empire Iron ore mining property owned by Empire Iron Mining Partnership, an indirect, wholly owned subsidiary of Cliffs 
 1 | CLF 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Abbreviation or acronym Term EPA U.S. Environmental Protection Agency EPS Earnings per share ERISA Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended EV Electric vehicle Exchange Act Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended FASB Financial Accounting Standards Board Fe Iron FeT Total iron FIP Federal implementation plan FPT Ferrous Processing and Trading Company, including certain related entities FPT Acquisition The purchase of FPT, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the FPT Acquisition Agreement FPT Acquisition Agreement Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of October 8, 2021, by and between Cleveland-Cliffs Inc. and Anthony Soave Revocable Trust u/a/d January 14, 1987, as amended and restated GAAP Accounting principles generally accepted in the United States GHG Greenhouse gas GOES Grain oriented electrical steel HAP Hazardous air pollutant HBI Hot briquetted iron Hibbing Iron ore mining property owned by Hibbing Taconite Company, an unincorporated joint venture between subsidiaries of Cliffs and U.S. Steel HRC Hot-rolled coil steel HVAC Heating, ventilation and air conditioning equipment IAM International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers Inflation Reduction Act Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 Infrastructure and Jobs Act Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act of 2021 IRB Industrial Revenue Bond IRC U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended ISO International Organization for Standardization IT Information technology JSW Steel JSW Steel (USA) Inc. and JSW Steel USA Ohio, Inc., collectively Kote and Tek Cleveland-Cliffs Kote L.P. and Cleveland-Cliffs Tek L.P., collectively LIBOR London Interbank Offered Rate LIFO Last-in, first-out LoM Life-of-mine Long ton (lt) 2,240 pounds Merger Sub Pepper Merger Sub Inc., a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of Cliffs prior to the AK Steel Merger Metric ton (mt) 2,205 pounds Minorca Iron ore mining property owned by Cleveland-Cliffs Minorca Mine Inc. (f/k/a ArcelorMittal Minorca Mine Inc.), an indirect, wholly owned subsidiary of Cliffs acquired in connection with the AM USA Transaction MMBtu Million British Thermal Units MPCA Minnesota Pollution Control Agency MSHA Mine Safety and Health Administration of the U.S. Department of Labor NAV Net asset value Net ton (nt) 2,000 pounds NOL Net operating loss NOES Non-oriented electrical steel 
 Northshore Iron ore mining property owned by Northshore Mining Company, a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of Cliffs NPDES National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System, authorized by the Clean Water Act OPEB Other postretirement benefits OSHA Occupational Safety and Health Administration of the U.S. Department of Labor 
 2 | CLF 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Abbreviation or acronym Term PHS Press-hardened steel Platts 62 price Platts IODEX 62 Fe Fines CFR North China QA/QC Quality assurance/quality control QP Qualified person, within the meaning set forth in Item 1300 of Regulation S-K RI/FS Remedial Investigation/Feasibility Study S P Standard Poor's SEC U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission Section 232 Section 232 of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962 (as amended by the Trade Act of 1974) Securities Act Securities Act of 1933, as amended SLR SLR Consulting US LLC (f/k/a SLR International Corporation) SOFR Secured Overnight Financing Rate STRIPS Separate Trading of Registered Interest and Principal of Securities SunCoke Middletown Middletown Coke Company, LLC, a subsidiary of SunCoke Energy, Inc. Tilden Iron ore mining property owned by Tilden Mining Company L.C., an indirect, wholly owned subsidiary of Cliffs TMDL Total maximum daily load Tooling and Stamping Cleveland-Cliffs Tooling and Stamping Holdings LLC (f/k/a PPHC Holdings, LLC), an indirect, wholly owned subsidiary of Cliffs, together with its subsidiaries Topic 805 ASC Topic 805, Business Combinations Topic 815 ASC Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging TSR Total shareholder return Tubular Components Cleveland-Cliffs Tubular Components LLC (f/k/a AK Tube LLC), an indirect, wholly owned subsidiary of Cliffs U.S. United States of America U.S. Steel United States Steel Corporation and its subsidiaries, collectively, unless stated otherwise or the context indicates otherwise UAW United Auto Workers United Taconite Iron ore mining property owned by United Taconite LLC, an indirect, wholly owned subsidiary of Cliffs USMCA United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement USW United Steelworkers VEBA Voluntary employee benefit association trusts VIE Variable interest entity WLT Wet long ton 
 3 | CLF 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 INTRODUCTION 
 We are the largest flat-rolled steel producer in North America. Founded in 1847 as a mine operator, we are also the largest manufacturer of iron ore pellets in North America. We are vertically integrated from mined raw materials, direct reduced iron, and ferrous scrap to primary steelmaking and downstream finishing, stamping, tooling and tubing. We are the largest supplier of steel to the automotive industry in North America and serve a diverse range of other markets due to our comprehensive offering of flat-rolled steel products. Headquartered in Cleveland, Ohio, we employ approximately 27,000 people across our operations in the United States and Canada. 
 
 COMPETITIVE STRENGTHS 
 As the largest flat-rolled steel producer in North America, we benefit from having the size and scale necessary in a competitive, capital intensive business. Our sizeable operating footprint provides us with the operational leverage and flexibility to achieve competitive margins throughout the business cycle. We also have a unique vertically integrated profile from mined raw materials, direct reduced iron, and ferrous scrap to primary steelmaking and downstream finishing, stamping, tooling and tubing. This positioning gives more predictable costs throughout our supply chain and more control over both our manufacturing inputs and our end product destination. 
 Our primary competitive strength lies within our automotive steel business. We are the largest supplier of automotive-grade steel in the U.S. Compared to other steel end markets, automotive steel is generally higher quality, more operationally and technologically intensive to produce, and requires significantly more devotion to customer service than other steel end markets. This dedication to service and the infrastructure in place to meet our automotive customers demanding needs took decades to develop and we believe is unmatched in our industry. We have continued to invest capital and resources to meet the requirements needed to serve the automotive industry and intend to maintain our position as the industry leader going forward. 
 Due to its demanding nature, the automotive steel business typically generates higher through-the-cycle margins, making it a desirable end market. Over the past two years, we have been able to increase the fixed prices for our automotive contracts significantly. Demand for our automotive-grade steel is expected to increase in the coming years as a result of pent-up automotive demand arising out of supply chain issues and the replacement of older vehicles. 
 Our integrated footprint provides us with a significant competitive advantage in supplying automotive and other highly demanding end markets as we are able to produce a wide range of high-quality products. Our integrated facilities utilize domestic internally sourced iron ore as the primary feedstock, which allows us to produce a higher quality product with low residual content. We also operate EAF facilities, which gives us insight into their limitations. Companies that are primarily EAF producers are limited in their product range as their equipment is designed to utilize scrap as the main feedstock, which often contains high residual or impure content, such as copper, limiting their ability to meet certain high grades of steel that demand virgin iron. We also believe companies that primarily operate EAFs do not possess our breadth and depth of customer service, technical support and research and development capabilities. 
 Since the acquisition of our steelmaking assets, we have dedicated significant resources to maintain and upgrade our facilities and equipment. The quality of our assets gives us a unique advantage in product offerings and operational efficiencies. In 2022, we brought our facilities and equipment up to the standard required to maintain and improve the quality and reliability of our supply to the automotive industry, as well as other end markets. The necessary resources that we have invested in our footprint are expected to keep our assets at an automotive-grade quality and reliability for years to come. 
 Our industry leading portfolio of fixed price contracts provides us a competitive advantage as the steel industry is often viewed as volatile and subject to the market price of steel. Our fixed price contracts allowed us to achieve a higher average selling price in 2022 compared to 2021 despite the price of domestic spot HRC falling approximately 562 per net ton during that time period. We also expect to benefit from improved fixed price contracts in 2023. 
 Our ability to source our primary feedstock domestically and internally is a competitive strength. This model reduces our exposure to volatile pricing and unreliable global sourcing. The ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine has displayed the importance of our U.S.-centric footprint, as our competitors who primarily operate EAF furnaces rely on imported pig iron to produce flat-rolled steel, the supply of which has been disrupted by that conflict. The best example is our legacy business of producing iron ore pellets, which is our primary steelmaking raw material input. By controlling our iron ore pellet supply, our primary steelmaking raw material feedstock can be secured at a stable and predictable cost and not be subject to as many factors outside of our control. 
 We believe we offer the most comprehensive flat-rolled steel product selection in the industry, along with several complementary products and services. A sampling of our offering includes advanced high-strength steel, hot-dipped galvanized, aluminized, galvalume, electrogalvanized, galvanneal, HRC, cold-rolled coil, plate, tinplate, GOES, NOES, stainless steels, tool and die, stamped components, rail, slab and cast ingot. Across the quality spectrum and the supply chain, our customers can frequently find the solutions they need from our product selection. Our broad range of product offerings also gives us a competitive advantage in commercial negotiations as our customers can source the majority, if not all, of their steel product needs from us. 
 4 | CLF 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 We are currently the only producer of both electrical steels referred to as GOES and NOES in the U.S. The recently passed Infrastructure and Jobs Act in the U.S. provides funding to be used for the modernization of the electrical grid and the infrastructure needed to allow for increased EV adoption, both of which require electrical steels. As a result, with increased demand for both transformers and motors for EVs, we expect to benefit from this position in what is currently a rapidly growing market. 
 We are the first and the only producer of HBI in the Great Lakes region. Construction of our Toledo direct reduction plant was completed in the fourth quarter of 2020 and reached full run-rate nameplate annual capacity of 1.9 million metric tons during the middle of 2021. From this modern plant, we produce a high-quality, low-cost and low-carbon intensive HBI product that can be used in our blast furnaces as a productivity enhancer, or in our BOFs and EAFs as a premium scrap alternative. We use HBI to stretch our hot metal production, lowering carbon intensity and reliance on coke. As a result of our internal usage of HBI, coupled with our ongoing evaluation of coke use strategies, we idled our coke facility at Middletown Works during the third quarter of 2021 and permanently closed our Mountain State Carbon coke plant in the first quarter of 2022. With increasing tightness in the scrap and metallics markets combined with our own internal needs, we expect our Toledo direct reduction plant to support healthy margins for us going forward. 
 STRATEGY 
 MAXIMIZE OUR COMMERCIAL STRENGTHS 
 We offer a full suite of flat steel products encompassing all steps of the steel manufacturing process. We have an industry-leading market share in the automotive sector, where our portfolio of high-end products delivers a broad range of differentiated solutions for this highly sought after customer base. 
 As a result of our exposure to these high-end markets, we have the highest fixed price contractual volumes in our industry. Approximately 45 of our volumes are sold under these contracts. These contracts reduce volatility and allow for more predictable through-the-cycle margins. Our fixed contract values are expected to significantly improve in 2023 compared to 2022. In addition to our fixed price contracts, we anticipate having more volumes under index-linked contracts in 2023 and beyond, which should reduce our reliance on spot sales and allow us to improve our efficiency with increased volumes. 
 Our unique capabilities, driven by our portfolio of assets and technical expertise, give us an advantage in our flat-rolled product offering. We offer products that have superior formability, surface quality, strength and corrosion resistance for the automotive industry. We are also the only producer of GOES and NOES in the U.S. In addition, our state-of-the-art Research and Innovation Center in Middletown, Ohio gives us the ability to collaborate with our customers and create new products and develop new and efficient steel manufacturing processes. During 2022, we introduced our MOTOR-MAX product line of NOES for high frequency motors and generators. These unique product offerings and customer service capabilities enable us to remain the leading steel supplier to the automotive industry. 
 TAKE ADVANTAGE OF OUR U.S.-CENTRIC, INTERNALLY SOURCED SUPPLY CHAIN 
 The conflict between Russia and Ukraine has reinforced the unique advantage of our vertically integrated business model. Two-thirds of U.S. imports of pig iron, a critical raw material for flat-rolled EAFs, has historically been sourced from Russia and Ukraine. This supply remains largely disrupted, driving volatility in input costs and reducing availability for our competitors ferrous inputs. We, on the other hand, produce our pig iron and liquid steel entirely in the U.S., supported by internally sourced iron ore and HBI and supplemented with internally sourced scrap. In addition, our internally produced pig iron is more environmentally friendly than imported pig iron, which is often made from sintered iron ore fines and with higher coke rates, for example. While competitors are forced to scramble for materials, we are able to take advantage of our vertically integrated footprint. 
 We began construction of our HBI plant in 2017, in part because of the uncertainty of the industry sourcing metallics from Russia and Ukraine. Russia had previously invaded the Crimea peninsula in 2014, and we saw a need for more on-shore metallics capacity in the U.S. HBI, which is a lower-carbon alternative to imported pig iron, has now become a critical component of our decarbonization strategy. 
 OPTIMIZE OUR FULLY-INTEGRATED STEELMAKING FOOTPRINT 
 We are a fully-integrated steel enterprise with the size and scale to achieve margins above industry averages for flat-rolled steel. Our focus remains on realizing our inherent cost advantage in flat-rolled steel while also lowering carbon emissions. The combination of our ferrous raw materials, including iron ore, scrap and HBI, allows us to do so relative to peers who must rely on more unpredictable and unreliable raw material sourcing strategies. 
 We have ample access to scrap along with internally sourced HBI. Our ability to optimize use of these raw materials in our blast furnaces and BOFs ultimately boosts liquid steel output, reduces coke needs and lowers carbon emissions from our operations. As a result of the successful operational improvements, we announced the indefinite idle of the Indiana Harbor #4 blast furnace in the first quarter of 2022. The indefinite idle reduced our operational blast furnaces from eight to seven. 
 We used 2022 as an opportunity to optimize our steelmaking footprint by dedicating significant resources to bring our facilities and equipment up to the standard required to maintain and improve our supply to the automotive industry. The necessary resources that we have invested in our footprint are expected to keep our assets at automotive-grade quality and reliability for years to come. With our facilities and equipment in the best shape since the acquisition of our steelmaking assets and no major investments expected until at least 2025, we are well positioned to benefit from operating efficiencies and improved capabilities in the coming years. 
 5 | CLF 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 ADVANCE OUR PARTICIPATION IN THE GREEN ECONOMY 
 We are seeking to expand our customer base with the rapidly growing and desirable EV market. At this time, we believe the North American automotive industry is approaching a structural inflection point, with the adoption of electrical motors in passenger vehicles. As this market grows, it will require more advanced steel applications to meet the needs of EV producers and consumers. These features include the strength and formability of our flat-rolled steel used for battery enclosures in EVs. With our unique technical capabilities and leadership in the automotive industry, we believe we are positioned better than any other North American steelmaker to supply the steel and parts necessary to fill these needs. 
 We also have the right products to meet the growing demand for renewable energy as well as for the modernization of the U.S. electrical grid. We offer plate products that can be used in windmills, which we estimate contain 130 tons of steel per megawatt of electricity. In addition, panels for solar power are heavy consumers of galvanized steel, where we are a leading producer. We estimate solar panels consume 40 tons of steel per megawatt of electricity. 
 We are currently the sole producer of electrical steel in the U.S., which can facilitate the modernization of the U.S. electrical grid. Along with charging networks, electrical steels are also needed in the motors of EVs. 
 ENHANCE OUR ENVIRONMENTAL SUSTAINABILITY 
 Our commitment to operating our business in a more environmentally responsible manner remains constant. One of the most important issues impacting our industry, our stakeholders and our planet is climate change. In early 2021, we announced our commitment to reduce GHG emissions 25 from 2017 levels by 2030. This goal represents combined Scope 1 (direct emissions) and Scope 2 (indirect emissions from purchased electricity or other forms of energy) GHG emission reductions across all of our operations. On a per ton basis, we reduced our integrated Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG intensity from 1.82 per metric ton of crude steel produced in 2020 to 1.67 in 2021. 
 We plan to achieve our GHG emissions reduction goal by focusing on actionable, commercially viable technologies and solutions while supporting research for breakthrough technologies for the primary iron and steel sector. In an effort to build on our GHG emissions reduction progress, we have continued our partnership with the DOE as part of the Better Climate Challenge initiative, which was established in December 2021. Throughout 2022, we further pursued opportunities such as carbon capture and the use of hydrogen within our facilities. Additionally, we have started forming partnerships to develop alternative energy sources - such as wind, solar and hydrogen - which will benefit our own environmental footprint while combating the global impacts of climate change. 
 Our future GHG emissions reductions are expected to be driven by the use of direct reduced iron in blast furnaces, the stretching of hot metal with additional scrap, driving more productivity out of fewer blast furnaces, implementing hydrogen use where possible, utilizing carbon capture, procuring more clean energy and operating with higher energy efficiency. 
 IMPROVE OUR FINANCIAL FLEXIBILITY 
 Given the cyclicality of our business, it is important to us to be in the financial position to easily withstand economic cycles. In 2022, we demonstrated our ability to generate healthy free cash flow and use it to reduce substantial amounts of debt, return capital to shareholders through our share repurchase program and make investments to both improve and grow our business. We have also been able to take advantage of volatility in the debt markets to repurchase notes in the open market at a discount. Throughout 2022, we made open market repurchases of 351 million aggregate principal amount of assorted series of notes at an average price of 92 of par. 
 We expect to have ample opportunities to reduce our debt with our own free cash flow generation in the coming years. During 2022, we reduced outstanding debt by approximately 1.1 billion while returning 240 million in capital to shareholders via share repurchases. 
 
 BUSINESS OPERATIONS 
 We have a vertically integrated portfolio, which begins at the mining stage and goes all the way through the manufacturing of steel products, including stamping, tooling and tubing. We have the unique advantage as a steel producer of being fully or partially self-sufficient with our production of raw materials for steel manufacturing, which includes iron ore pellets, HBI, scrap and coking coal. We are organized into four operating segments based on the differentiated products Steelmaking, Tubular, Tooling and Stamping and European Operations. We primarily operate through one reportable segment the Steelmaking segment. 
 Our primary steel producing and finishing facilities are located across Illinois, Indiana, Michigan, Ohio, Pennsylvania and West Virginia. We operate 7 blast furnaces and 5 EAFs with the configured capability of producing approximately 20 million tons of raw crude steel annually. Raw crude steel is generally cast into slabs and finished based on customer specifications. Finishing is completed on site at our integrated operations or at one of our standalone finishing facilities. 
 Ferrous raw materials for the production of steel are internally sourced from our iron ore mines in Michigan and Minnesota, our direct reduction plant in Ohio and our scrap facilities in Florida, Michigan, Ohio, Ontario and Tennessee. We also operate a coal mining complex in West Virginia and produce coke from our facilities in Ohio, Pennsylvania and Indiana. 
 Our Other Businesses primarily includes the Tubular Components and Tooling and Stamping operating segments that provide customer solutions with carbon and stainless steel tubing products, advanced-engineered solutions, tool design and build, hot- and cold-stamped steel components and complex assemblies. 
 Refer to Part I - Item 2. Properties for additional information. 
 6 | CLF 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 PRODUCTS AND MARKETS 
 2022 Product Mix (By Revenue) Primary Products 
 HOT-ROLLED 
 STAINLESS AND ELECTRICAL 
 OTHER 
 COLD-ROLLED 
 Scrap 
 COATED 
 GOES 
 Iron Ore 
 Aluminized 
 NOES 
 HBI 
 Electrogalvanized 
 Auto Chrome 
 Coal 
 Galvalume 
 PLATE 
 Coke 
 Galvanneal 
 SLAB AND OTHER STEEL PRODUCTS 
 NON-STEELMAKING 
 Hot-dipped Galvanized 
 Stamped Components 
 Tinplate 
 Slab 
 Tool and Die 
 Rail 
 Tubing 
 Blooms 
 
 As a fully integrated steel enterprise, we have a comprehensive portfolio of steel solutions. We primarily sell our products to customers in four broad market categories. The following table presents the percentage of our revenues to each of these markets during the year: 
 Market Primary Products Sold to End Market 2022 2021 Direct automotive Cold-rolled, galvanized, aluminized, NOES and stainless 31 25 Infrastructure and manufacturing Hot-rolled, cold-rolled, galvanized, plate, GOES, stainless, tinplate and rail 26 27 Distributors and converters All grades of steel 28 38 Steel producers Slab, scrap, iron ore, HBI, coal and coke 15 10 
 The change in percentages of revenues to each market in 2022, compared to 2021, was driven primarily by the increase in selling prices for our fixed price contracts to the direct automotive market, lower pricing on index linked sales, lower spot sales, and the inclusion of full-year results from the FPT Acquisition. 
 We sell our products principally to customers in North America. Approximately 45 of our flat-rolled steel shipments are sold under fixed base price contracts. These contracts are typically one year in duration and expire at various times throughout the year. Some of these contracts have a surcharge mechanism that passes through certain changes in input costs. A certain portion of our flat-rolled steel shipments are sold based on the spot market at prevailing market prices or under contracts that involve variable pricing that is tied to an independently published steel index. 
 AUTOMOTIVE MARKET 
 We specialize in manufacturing difficult-to-produce and high-quality steel products with demanding delivery performance and first-class customer technical support. Through our collaborative relationships with automotive producers, we develop breakthrough steel solutions that help our customers meet their product requirements. The quality of our steel is appealing to end users because of its strength, surface quality, and formability. EAF producers equipment is designed to utilize scrap as their main feedstock, which often contains high residual or impure content, limiting their product capabilities. The exacting requirements for servicing the automotive market generally allows for higher selling prices for products sold to that market than for the commodity types of steel sold to other markets. 
 The largest end user for our steel products is the automotive industry in North America, which makes light vehicle production a key driver of demand. During 2022, North American light vehicle production was 14.3 million units, up from 13.0 million units in both 2020 and 2021. While production improved from the prior year, it remained below the prior ten-year average of approximately 16.0 million units primarily due to the global semiconductor shortage, as well as other material shortages and supply chain disruptions. The long-term outlook for the automotive industry remains positive as pent-up demand remains strong, inventory levels are significantly below historical averages and the average age of vehicles on the road in the U.S. reached an all-time high during 2022. 
 Furthermore, during 2022, consumer demand for sport utility vehicles, trucks and crossovers continued to increase while demand for smaller sedans and compact cars declined. We benefit from intentionally targeting larger vehicle platforms to take advantage of consumer preferences, and we have focused on and have been successful in getting sourced on numerous large vehicle platforms. As a result, a significant portion of the automotive steel that we sell is used to produce these popular larger vehicles. In addition to benefiting from our exposure to consumers strong demand for larger vehicles, these vehicles also typically contain a higher volume of steel than smaller sedans and compact cars, providing us the opportunity to sell a higher volume of our steel products. 
 Automotive manufacturers continue to explore opportunities to develop vehicles that are lighter in weight. We collaborate with our automotive customers and their suppliers to develop innovative solutions using our developments in light weighting, efficiency, and material strength and formability across our extensive product portfolio, in combination with our automotive stamping and tube- 
 7 | CLF 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 making capabilities. We are also working with our customers to develop steels with greater heat resistance for exhaust systems that support new, fuel-efficient engines that run at higher temperatures. We believe we offer steel products that are stronger, less expensive, have competitive weight savings, are easier to repair and are more environmentally friendly than alternative materials. 
 Automotive manufacturers have also been increasing their development of EVs in order to meet the growing customer adoption of EVs. Many motors used in EVs being sold in the U.S. today are imported from foreign suppliers, but more local sourcing and manufacturing of motors is expected to occur in the future. As the only North American producer of high-efficiency NOES, which is a critical component of EV motors, we are positioned to potentially benefit from the growth of EVs going forward. During 2022, we introduced our MOTOR-MAX product line of NOES for high frequency motors and generators. We believe our strong foundation in electrical steels and long-standing relationships with automotive manufacturers and their suppliers will provide us with an advantage in this market as it continues to grow and mature. Likewise, the growing customer adoption of EVs may also increase demand for improvements in the electric grid to support higher demand for more extensive battery charging, which our GOES could support. 
 The majority of our sales to the automotive market are under annual fixed price contracts. In 2023, our selling prices to this end market will be significantly higher than 2022 as a result of favorable contract renewals. 
 INFRASTRUCTURE AND MANUFACTURING MARKET 
 We sell a variety of our steel products, including hot-rolled, cold-rolled, galvanized, plate, stainless, electrical, tinplate and rail, to the infrastructure and manufacturing market. This market includes sales to manufacturers of HVAC, appliances, power transmission and distribution transformers, storage tanks, ships and railcars, wind towers, machinery parts, heavy equipment, military armor, food preservation and railway lines. Domestic construction activity and the replacement of aging infrastructure directly affect sales of steel to this market. Nonresidential construction spending was strong in 2022 and will likely continue in 2023 supported by the Infrastructure and Jobs Act of 2021 and the CHIPS Act. The Infrastructure and Jobs Act of 2021 will likely increase demand for steel products related to renewable energy, as well as the modernization of the U.S. electrical grid. Our plate products can be used in windmills, which we estimate contain 130 metric tons of steel per megawatt of electrical generating capacity. Additionally, we estimate solar panels consume 40 metric tons of steel per megawatt of electrical generating capacity. We should also benefit from the Inflation Reduction Act, which provides a tax credit for consumers who buy new EVs, which should increase the demand for our electrical steel used in charging stations. 
 Sales to this end market are made under a combination of annual fixed price contracts and index-linked pricing arrangements. Our selling prices under our annual fixed price contracts will be significantly higher in 2023 compared to the prior year as a result of favorable renewals. 
 DISTRIBUTORS AND CONVERTERS MARKET 
 Virtually all of the grades of steel we produce are sold to the steel distributors and converters market. This market generally represents downstream steel service centers, which source various types of steel from us and fabricate it according to their customers' needs. Our steel is typically sold to this market on a spot basis or under contracts linked to steel pricing indices. Demand and pricing for this market can be highly dependent on a variety of factors, including global and domestic commodity steel production capacity, demand for manufactured goods, the price of scrap, the relative health of the global economy, the import and export levels of other steel producing nations, the provisions of international trade agreements and fluctuations in international currencies. 
 The price for domestic HRC, the most significant index in driving the revenues and profitability of our Steelmaking segment, averaged 1,011 per net ton for 2022, compared to 1,573 per net ton in 2021. The main decline in pricing occurred in the second half of 2022 as service centers destocked inventory, interest rate hikes drove caution on new business and pricing for metallics declined. 
 STEEL PRODUCERS MARKET 
 The steel producers market represents third-party sales to other steel producers, including those who operate blast furnaces and EAFs. It includes sales of raw materials and semi-finished and finished goods, including iron ore pellets, coal, coke, HBI, scrap, slab and other steel products. 
 The inclusion of full-year results for the FPT Acquisition in 2022 was the main driver in the year-over-year increase in revenues to the steel producers market. FPT is one of the largest processors of prime scrap in the country. Our expansion in scrap has continued to grow as we have leveraged our long-standing flat-rolled automotive and other customer relationships into recycling partnerships. Our steelmaking operations consume a large portion of the ferrous scrap processed by FPT. We also have third-party sales of ferrous and non-ferrous scrap. 
 Third-party slab sales are also a large component of sales to this market, which are primarily made under a long-term supply agreement that was initiated in connection with the closing of the AM USA Transaction. 
 Production from our iron ore mines is predominantly consumed by our steelmaking operations. During 2022 and 2021, we sold 3 million and 4 million long tons of iron ore products, respectively, to third parties from our share of production from our iron ore mines. The merchant portion of our iron ore pellet production is sold pursuant to long-term supply agreements and through spot contracts. 
 The price of busheling scrap, a necessary input for flat-rolled steel production in EAFs in the U.S., averaged 533 per long ton during 2022, an 11 decrease from the prior year, but remained well above the historical ten-year average of approximately 380 per long ton. We expect the price of busheling scrap to remain elevated above historical averages throughout 2023 due to the 
 8 | CLF 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 continued decline of prime scrap generation and the growth of EAF capacity in the U.S., along with a push for expanded scrap use globally. 
 
 APPLIED TECHNOLOGY, RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT 
 The utilization of our research and development capabilities has allowed us to introduce new steel products to the marketplace. Our research and development activities provide us the ability to offer a broad range of steel products, improve existing products and processes and develop new ones. As part of our underlying strategy to maintain and improve our product, service and technical capabilities, research and innovation spend totaled 24 million and 17 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 As the largest supplier of steel to the automotive industry in North America, it is important that we maintain our world-class research and development team to expand our capabilities and bring new steel products to the marketplace. Our ongoing efforts begin at our state-of-the-art Research and Innovation Center in Middletown, Ohio, where we collaborate with our automotive customers and their suppliers to develop products that meet their needs. We have a customer technical support team that is dedicated to understanding customers current and long-term requirements and translating them into product designs. The dedication and resources we allocate toward our research and development help us maintain our extensive product offering and provide our automotive customers with solutions to meet their steel needs. Our research and development capabilities will support us in efforts to remain the leading supplier to the automotive industry as automotive manufacturers continue to pursue EVs, lighter weight vehicles and other advancements in vehicle capabilities. 
 A prime example of our ability to help our customers through research and development can be seen in the support and products we offer as automotive manufacturers have started increasing their development of EVs to meet the growing consumer adoption of EVs. We are the only North American producer of high-efficiency NOES, which is a critical component of EV motors. During 2022, we introduced our MOTOR-MAX product line of NOES for high frequency motors and generators. We believe our strong foundation in electrical steels and long-standing relationships with automotive manufacturers and their suppliers will provide us with an advantage in this market as it continues to grow and mature. 
 
 COMPETITION 
 Our Steelmaking segment primarily competes with domestic and foreign producers of flat-rolled carbon, plate, tinplate, stainless, rail and electrical steel, carbon and stainless tubular products, aluminum, carbon fiber, concrete and other materials that may be used as a substitute for flat-rolled steels in manufactured products. Our Tooling and Stamping and Tubular Components businesses both compete against other niche downstream business in highly fragmented markets. 
 The steel industry is often viewed as volatile and is subject to the market price of steel. Market pricing can be adversely impacted from foreign competition selling steel products into the U.S. at discounts and the oversupply of steel products within the domestic market from both domestic and foreign competition. To limit our exposure to volatility from market pricing, we have structured our business to have an industry leading portion of fixed price contracts. Our fixed price contracts provide us stability on a large portion of our business when market pricing is volatile. 
 Price, quality, on-time delivery, customer service, technical expertise and product innovation are the primary competitive factors in the steel industry and vary in importance according to the product category and customer requirements. Steel producers that sell to the automotive market are required to meet strict and high-quality product specifications that demand strong technical capabilities, investment in capital and other resources to manage inventory, customer service and research and development. As the largest supplier of steel to the automotive industry in North America, we continue to meet all the requirements needed to serve the automotive industry and maintain our position as the industry leader going forward. Significant capital investments in equipment, technology and other resources that would effectively replicate our processes, at a likely higher cost than ours, would be required for certain competitors to meet all the demands required of the automotive industry. 
 The steel industry has faced limited competition from aluminum manufacturers (and, to a lesser extent, other materials) as automotive manufacturers attempt to develop vehicles that are lighter in weight. To address automotive manufacturers light weighting needs that the aluminum industry is targeting, we have developed AHSS grades that we believe provide weight savings similar to aluminum, while being stronger, less costly, easier to repair, more sustainable and more environmentally friendly. Aluminum penetration has been primarily limited to specific automotive applications, such as outer panels and closures, rather than entire body designs. In addition, our automotive customers who continue to use steel, as opposed to aluminum and other alternative materials, are able to avoid the significant capital expenditures required to re-tool their manufacturing processes to accommodate the use of non-steel materials. We do not expect the use of aluminum in vehicles to pose a significant threat as a replacement to steel. 
 EAFs comprise over 70 of steel production and more than 40 of flat-rolled steel production in the U.S. The primary raw materials used by EAFs include scrap metal and ore based metallics, which have unpredictable and often volatile pricing. Additionally, the availability of these materials can be unreliable as most competition relies on imported ore based metallics. Due to recently completed and further announced flat-rolled EAF capacity additions in the U.S. and increasing focus on industry decarbonization, we expect the price of scrap to remain elevated over historical averages, providing our integrated footprint a competitive cost advantage. Companies who primarily operate EAFs also generally offer a narrower range of products than integrated steel mills and are limited in their product quality as their equipment is designed to utilize scrap as the main feedstock, which often contains high residual content, such as copper, limiting their ability to meet certain high grades of steel that demand virgin iron feedstock. We also believe companies who primarily operate EAFs often do not have the equipment capabilities to produce the product range that integrated facilities offer, nor do we believe they possess our depth of customer service, technical support, and research and innovation. The additional capacity from domestic EAF competition could displace imports as the U.S. 
 9 | CLF 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 is still the largest net importer of steel in the world, and domestically produced steel is generally more environmentally friendly than imported steel. 
 Domestic steel producers can face significant competition from foreign producers. In certain instances, these foreign producers are often able to sell products in the U.S. at prices substantially lower than domestic producers. Depending on the country of origin, these reasons may include government subsidies; lower labor, raw material, energy and regulatory costs; less stringent environmental regulations; less stringent safety requirements; the maintenance of artificially low exchange rates against the U.S. dollar; and preferential trade practices in their home countries. In 2022, finished steel imports increased 11 compared to the prior year as a result of less onerous trade restrictions for certain foreign competition and, at times, a disparity between foreign and domestic prices. Imports still remain below levels seen between 2013 and 2018, which we believe is at least partially attributable to the implementation of certain trade restrictions on imported steel, including both targeted trade cases and the more broad Section 232 tariffs. Further modifications to these trade restrictions by government authorities could directly or indirectly impact import levels in the future. Import levels are also affected to varying degrees by the relative level of steel production in China and other countries, the strength of demand for steel outside the U.S., and the relative strength or weakness of the U.S. dollar against various foreign currencies. Imports of finished steel into the U.S. accounted for 24 of domestic steel market consumption in 2022. 
 We continue to provide significant pension and healthcare benefits to a greater number of our retirees compared to certain other domestic and foreign steel producers that do not provide such benefits to any or most of their retirees, which impacts our overall cost of production relative to certain other steelmakers. However, we have taken a number of actions to reduce pension and healthcare benefits costs, including using our size and scale to proactively renegotiate lower healthcare premiums, negotiating progressive labor agreements, transferring responsibility for healthcare benefits for various groups of retirees to VEBAs, offering voluntary lump-sum settlements to pension plan participants and lowering retiree benefit costs for salaried employees. These actions have not only reduced some of the risks associated with our pension funding obligations, but more importantly have reduced our risk exposure to performance of the financial markets, which is a principal driver of pension funding requirements. We continue to actively seek opportunities to reduce pension and healthcare benefits costs. 
 
 ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS 
 Our operations are subject to various laws and regulations governing the protection of the environment. We monitor these laws and regulations, which change over time, to assess whether the changes affect our operations. We conduct our operations in a manner that is protective of public health and the environment. 
 Environmental matters and their management continue to be an important focus at each of our operations. From 2017 to 2021, we invested approximately 1 billion into our Toledo direct reduction plant, which provides a low carbon intensity raw material to our steelmaking operations. The HBI produced from the plant requires less energy to produce compared to traditional feedstock and can be used in blast furnaces to reduce emissions by improving energy efficiency and reducing the amount of coke required for steel production. 
 In the construction and operation of our facilities, substantial costs have been and will continue to be incurred to comply with regulatory requirements and avoid undue effect on the environment. In 2022, 2021 and 2020, our capital expenditures relating to environmental matters totaled 133 million, 62 million and 34 million, respectively. Our current estimate for capital expenditures for environmental improvements in 2023 is approximately 90 million for various water treatment, air quality, dust control, tailings management and other miscellaneous environmental projects. Additionally, we expect capital expenditures for environmental improvements for each of 2024 and 2025 to be generally in line with 2023's estimated spending. 
 REGULATORY DEVELOPMENTS 
 Various governmental bodies continually promulgate new or amended laws and regulations that affect us, our customers and our suppliers in many areas, including air and water discharges, waste management and disposal, the classification of materials and products and other environmental, health and safety matters. Although we believe that our environmental policies and practices are sound and do not expect that the application of any current laws, regulations or permits would reasonably be expected to result in a material adverse effect on our business or financial condition, we cannot predict the collective potential adverse impact of the expanding body of laws and regulations. Moreover, because all domestic steel, scrap and mining producers operate under the same federal environmental regulations, we do not believe that we are more disadvantaged than our domestic competitors by our need to comply with these regulations. Some foreign competitors may benefit from less stringent environmental requirements in the countries where they produce, resulting in lower compliance costs for them and providing those foreign competitors with a cost advantage on their products. 
 Specifically, there are several notable proposed or potential rulemakings or activities that could have a material adverse impact on our facilities in the future depending on their ultimate outcome: climate change and GHG regulations; changes to the National Ambient Air Quality Standard for particulate matter; changes to ozone transport regulations; selenium discharge regulation; Minnesota's sulfate wild rice water quality standard; and Minnesota's mercury TMDL and mercury reduction rules. 
 CLIMATE CHANGE AND GREENHOUSE GAS REGULATIONS 
 Continued attention to issues concerning climate change, the role of human activity in affecting climate change, and potential mitigation through regulation and legislation may have a material impact on our customers and suppliers, our operations and financial results in the future. Policymakers are evaluating or developing carbon regulation at the state, regional, national and international levels. Additionally, international treaties or agreements such as the Paris Agreement may influence legislative and regulatory decisions in the U.S. Potential climate-related regulations and legislation that could impact our business include 
 10 | CLF 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 reporting obligations, mandatory carbon reductions, carbon pricing mechanisms and trade policies, and climate-related procurement and product labeling requirements. The dynamic forward outlook for these potential regulations presents a challenge to large industrial companies to assess the long-term net impacts of carbon compliance costs on their operations. In the absence of comprehensive federal carbon legislation, numerous state, regional and federal regulatory initiatives are under development or are becoming effective, thereby creating a disjointed approach to GHG emissions control, potential carbon pricing and climate-related procurement activities. We intend to remain active in the discussions related to legislative and regulatory changes at the federal and state levels. 
 Our exposure on this issue includes both the direct and indirect financial risks associated with the regulation of GHG emissions, as well as potential physical risks associated with climate change adaptation. We are continuing to review the physical risks related to climate change. As an energy-intensive business, we have a broad range of GHG emissions sources, such as iron ore furnaces and kilns, mobile equipment, EAFs and integrated steelmaking facilities, among others. As such, among our most significant regulatory risks are: (1) the costs associated with on-site emissions levels (direct impacts) or the reduction thereof; and (2) indirect costs passed through to us from energy providers and other suppliers (indirect impacts). 
 Internationally, mechanisms to require or incentivize emissions reductions are being implemented in various countries, with differing designs and stringency, according to resources, economic structure and politics. However, some foreign competitors may benefit from less stringent climate-related requirements, providing those foreign competitors with a cost advantage on their products. 
 Due to the potential variety of federal, state or international carbon restriction schemes, our business and customer base could suffer negative financial impacts over time as a result of increased energy, environmental and other costs to comply with the limitations that could be imposed on GHG emissions. We believe our exposure can be reduced by numerous factors, including engaging with relevant stakeholders and policymakers on potential GHG regulation and legislation; emissions reduction opportunities, such as energy efficiency, industrial electrification, carbon capture, utilization and sequestration, renewable energy and fuel flexibility, such as hydrogen; and other efficiency-improving material inputs, products and technologies. 
 CHANGES TO NATIONAL AMBIENT AIR QUALITY STANDARDS FOR PARTICULATE MATTER 
 On January 6, 2023, the EPA proposed changes to the National Ambient Air Quality Standards for particulate matter. The proposal seeks comment on lowering the primary annual fine particulate matter (PM 2.5 level from 12 micrograms per cubic meter (ug/m3) of air to 9 10 ug/m3 while taking comment on alternative annual standard levels down to 8 ug/m3 and up to 11 ug/m3. The EPA is also proposing to retain current primary 24-hour PM 2.5 standard of 35 ug/m3 while soliciting comments on revising the level as low as 25 ug/m3. The lower the standard, the greater potential effect on our operations across the country. We are actively engaged with various experts and trade associations to provide legal and technical comments on the proposal. The rule is expected to be finalized in 2023, after which each state will have three years to submit a State Implementation Plan to the EPA detailing how it intends to address any nonattainment areas in the state. The potential changes to air pollution control equipment or operations needed at our plants to comply with a new particulate matter standard are not known at this time, and the potential cost is not estimable but could be material. 
 CHANGES TO OZONE TRANSPORT REGULATIONS 
 In 2022, the EPA proposed to impose new standards for nitrogen oxide (an ozone precursor) on various industries (including the steel and iron ore sectors) that operate in specific states, including numerous states where we operate (Illinois, Indiana, Michigan, Minnesota, Ohio, Pennsylvania and West Virginia). While we participated in commenting on the proposed rule, pointing out its technical and legal flaws, a final rule is expected to be issued in the first six months of 2023 that could affect our facilities in the listed states. Since the technology originally proposed by the EPA is infeasible at our sites, any potential changes at our facilities that may be required to comply with the final rule are not known and not estimable at this time but could be material. 
 SELENIUM DISCHARGE REGULATION 
 In Michigan, our Empire and Tilden mines have implemented compliance plans to manage selenium according to applicable permit conditions. A water treatment system for both facilities is anticipated sometime before 2028. As of December 31, 2022, included within our Empire asset retirement obligation is a discounted liability of approximately 110 million, which includes the estimated costs associated with the construction of Empire's portion of the required infrastructure and expected future operating costs of the treatment facilities. Additionally, included within our Tilden future capital plan is approximately 20 million for the construction of Tilden's portion of the required infrastructure. We are continuing to assess and develop potential cost effective and sustainable selenium treatment technologies. 
 In July 2016, the EPA published new selenium fish tissue limits and lower lentic and lotic water column concentration criteria, which may someday increase the cost for treatment should the Michigan Department of Environment, Great Lakes and Energy adopt these new standards in lieu of the existing limits required by the Great Lakes Water Quality Initiative. Accordingly, we cannot reasonably estimate the timing or long-term impact of these water quality criteria on our business. 
 MINNESOTA'S SULFATE WILD RICE WATER QUALITY STANDARD 
 The Minnesota Governor established a Wild Rice Task Force by Executive Order in May 2018 that provided recommendations on wild rice restoration and regulation. The existing sulfate water quality standard for lakes and streams that contain wild rice has not been applied to any of our discharge permits or enforced historically by Minnesota. Further, the standard may be unenforceable because of legislation that prohibits the MPCA from enforcing it until the obsolete standard is updated based on modern science. 
 Minnesota submitted a list of impaired water revisions to the EPA in 2020. In 2021, the EPA disapproved of Minnesota s draft list and subsequently announced its proposed list of wild rice water bodies that were impaired due to sulfate under the Clean Water 
 11 | CLF 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Act s Section 303(d) process, which resulted in the addition of 32 waters in November 2021. At this time, it is unknown how the MPCA intends to implement requirements to address sulfate impaired waters. 
 For these reasons, the impact of potential obligations to address sulfate concentrations in certain water discharges from our Minnesota iron ore mining and pelletizing operations is not estimable at this time, but it could have a material adverse impact if we are required to significantly reduce sulfate in certain discharges. 
 MINNESOTA'S MERCURY TMDL AND MERCURY REDUCTION RULES 
 In September 2014, Minnesota promulgated the Mercury Air Emissions Reporting and Reduction Rules, mandating mercury air emissions reporting and reductions from certain sources, including taconite facilities. The rules apply to all of our Minnesota iron ore mining and pelletizing operations and required submittal of a Mercury Reduction Plan to the MPCA in 2018 with plan implementation requirements becoming effective on January 1, 2025. In the Mercury Reduction Plan, facilities evaluated if available control technologies could technically achieve a 72 mercury reduction rate. If available control technologies could not technically achieve a 72 mercury reduction rate, the facilities must propose alternative mercury reduction measures. One of the main tenets agreed upon for evaluating potential mercury reduction technologies during TMDL implementation and 2014 rule development proceedings was that the selected technology must meet the following Adaptive Management Criteria : the technology must be technically feasible; must be economically feasible; must not impact pellet quality; and must not cause excessive corrosion in the indurating furnaces or air pollution control equipment. 
 The Mercury Reduction Plans for our Minnesota facilities were submitted to the MPCA in December 2018. The plans determined that there are currently no proven technologies to cost effectively reduce mercury emissions from taconite furnaces to achieve the targeted 72 reduction rate, while satisfying all Adaptive Management Criteria. This determination was based on detailed engineering analysis and research testing. In January 2023, MPCA responded that certain technologies may be appropriate, and MPCA requested submission of revised Mercury Reduction Plans from the facilities. Potential impacts to us are not estimable at this time because the revised Mercury Reduction Plans remain under development. 
 RISK AND TECHNOLOGY REVIEWS FOR TACONITE AND INTEGRATED IRON AND STEEL CATEGORIES 
 Under the Clean Air Act, within eight years after promulgating National Emissions Standards for Hazardous Air Pollutants in industry-specific categories, the EPA must review the standards to determine whether they continue to protect public health with an ample margin of safety and protect against adverse environment effects. In addition, the EPA is required to review and revise the standard every eight years to account for improvements in HAP control technology or methods. 
 The EPA has worked with the taconite and integrated iron and steel industries for years to collect data in order to recalculate the risk from HAP emissions from each category and to address whether new technologies existed in those sectors. In 2020, the EPA determined that the risk from the sources in both of those categories was acceptable and adopted new rules for both sectors in 2020. However, also in 2020, a court ruled that the EPA must address all HAPs in its National Emissions Standards for Hazardous Air Pollutants Risk and Technology Reviews. See Louisiana Environmental Action Network, et al. v. Environmental Protection Agency and Andrew Wheeler 955 F.3d 1088 (D.C. Cir. 2020). The EPA then reopened the rulemakings for numerous source categories, including taconite and integrated iron and steel, to confirm that all HAPs had been addressed in the updates to those rules. 
 In 2022, the EPA sent us information collection requests related to the emission of HAPs from taconite and integrated iron and steel sources, and we have fulfilled or are fulfilling those requests in the time prescribed by the EPA. The EPA is required by court order to issue a final rule by October 26, 2023 for the integrated iron and steel category and November 16, 2023 for the taconite category. Because the EPA has yet to propose revised rules, the impacts are not estimable at this time but could be material in future years. 
 OTHER GOVERNMENT LAWS AND REGULATIONS 
 In addition to environmental laws and regulations, we are subject to various laws and regulations around the world. For example, changes in trade regulations, including tariffs or other import or export restrictions, could lead to lower or more volatile global steel prices, impacting our profitability. In addition, health and safety regulations, including OSHA and MSHA regulations, have necessitated, and may continue to necessitate, increased operating costs or capital investments to promote a safe working environment. We are also required to comply with complex foreign and U.S. laws and regulations, which may include the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other anti-bribery laws, the European Union s General Data Protection Regulation and other U.S. and foreign privacy regulations, and transportation and logistics regulations. The laws and regulations noted above, as well as other applicable laws and regulations, or the manner in which they are interpreted or enforced, may require us to make material investments in the form of additional processes, training and capital, among other things. For a discussion of the risks associated with certain applicable laws and regulations, see Part I Item 1A, Risk Factors. 
 
 RAW MATERIALS AND ENERGY 
 Our steelmaking operations require iron ore, HBI, coke, coal, ferrous and carbon and stainless scrap, chrome, nickel and zinc as primary raw materials. We also consume natural gas, electricity, industrial gases and diesel fuel at our operations. As a vertically integrated steel company, we are able to internally supply a majority of our ferrous raw materials needed for our steelmaking operations. We also attempt to reduce the risk of future supply shortages and price volatility in other ways. If multi-year contracts are available in the marketplace for those raw materials that we cannot supply internally, we may use these contracts to secure sufficient supply to satisfy our key raw material needs. When multi-year contracts are not available, or are not available on acceptable terms, we purchase the remainder of our raw material needs under annual contracts or conduct spot purchases. We 
 12 | CLF 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 also regularly evaluate alternative sources and substitute materials. Additionally, we may hedge portions of our energy and raw materials purchases to reduce volatility and risk. We believe that we have secured, or will be able to secure, adequate supply to fulfill our raw materials and energy requirements for 2023. 
 The raw materials needed to produce a ton of steel will fluctuate based upon the specifications of the final steel products, the quality of raw materials and, to a lesser extent, differences among steel production equipment. For example, generally, in our integrated steelmaking facilities, we consume approximately 1.4 net tons of coal to produce one net ton of coke. The process to produce one ton of raw steel (generally defined as a carbon slab) requires approximately 1.4 net tons of iron ore pellets and/or HBI pellet equivalents, 0.3 to 0.4 net tons of coke and 0.3 net tons of steel scrap or scrap substitutes. At normal operating levels, we also consume approximately 5 to 6 MMBtu s of natural gas per net ton of raw steel produced, prior to rolling, finishing and further processing. Additionally, on average, our EAFs require 1.1 net tons of ferrous scrap, stainless scrap or scrap substitutes to produce one net ton of steel. While these estimated consumption amounts are presented to give a general sense of raw material and energy consumption used in our steel production, substantial variations may occur. 
 IRON ORE 
 We own or co-own five active iron ore mines in Minnesota and Michigan. Based on our ownership in these mines, our share of annual rated iron ore production capacity is approximately 28 million long tons, which supplies all of the iron ore needed for our steelmaking operations. Refer to Part I - Item 2. Properties for additional information. 
 HBI 
 Our investment into HBI production provides us access, when needed, to clean iron units in order to make advanced steel and stainless products. This access to our own production provides us flexibility and allows us to avoid the risks and carbon footprints of imported iron substitutes. Iron substitutes imported into the U.S. are traditionally sourced from regions of the world that have historically experienced greater political turmoil and have lower pollution standards than the U.S. Our investment demonstrates our raw material and company strategy in responsibly managing the risks of pricing, availability and overall carbon footprint of our critical inputs. We have an annual capacity of 1.9 million metric tons of HBI per year. 
 As a result of our internal usage of HBI, coupled with our ongoing evaluation of coke use strategies, we idled our coke facility at Middletown Works during the third quarter of 2021 and permanently closed our Mountain State Carbon coke plant in the first quarter of 2022. 
 COKE AND COAL 
 We own three active cokemaking facilities, including one coke plant located within our Burns Harbor facility. These facilities currently provide approximately half of the coke requirements for our steelmaking operations and have an annual rated capacity of 2.6 million net tons. Additionally, we have coke supply agreements with suppliers that provide our remaining requirements. Our purchases of coke are made under annual or multi-year agreements with periodic price adjustments. 
 We have annual rated metallurgical coal production capacity of 2.3 million net tons from our Princeton mine, which supplies a portion of our metallurgical coal needs. We typically purchase most of our metallurgical coal under annual fixed-price agreements. We believe there are adequate external supplies of coke and coal available at competitive market prices to meet our needs. Refer to Part I - Item 2. Properties for additional information. 
 STEEL SCRAP 
 We own the assets of FPT, which provide us sourcing and processing capabilities for both prime and obsolete scrap. This access is critical, because prime scrap demand is expected to grow as new flat-rolled EAF capacity is set to come online over the next five years. FPT includes 22 facilities that are primarily located in the Midwest near our steel facilities. Additionally, our access to scrap furthers our commitment to being an environmentally-friendly, low-carbon intensity steelmaker with a cleaner materials mix as we are able to better optimize productivity at our existing EAFs and BOFs. 
 The majority of our scrap requirements can be generated or processed from internal sources, including scrap generated at our steel production facilities. We believe that supplies of additional steel scrap to meet the needs of our steelmaking operations are readily available from outside sources at competitive market prices. 
 OTHER MATERIALS 
 We believe that supplies of chrome, nickel and zinc adequate to meet the needs of our steelmaking operations are readily available from outside sources at competitive market prices. 
 ENERGY 
 We consume a large amount of natural gas, electricity, industrial gases and diesel fuel, which are significant costs to our operations. The majority of our energy requirements are purchased from outside sources. Access to long-term, low-cost sources of energy in various forms is critically important to our operations. 
 Natural gas is procured for our operations utilizing a combination of long-term, annual, quarterly, monthly and spot contracts from various suppliers at market-based pricing. We believe access to low-cost and reliable sources of natural gas is available to meet our operations requirements. 
 13 | CLF 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 We purchase electricity for all of our operations in either regulated or deregulated markets. Due to the distinct nature of these markets, we procure electricity through either long-term or annual contracts. Some of our operations also use self-generated coke oven gas and/or blast furnace gas to produce electricity, which is an environmentally-friendly practice that also reduces our need to purchase electricity from external sources. We also closely monitor developments at the state and federal levels that could impact electricity availability or cost and incorporate such changes into our electricity supply strategy in order to maintain reliable, low-cost supply. We also are currently contracting for the increased use of renewable energy to complement our existing supply, which will reduce our emissions profile. We believe there is an adequate supply of competitively priced electricity to fulfill our requirements. 
 We purchase industrial gases and diesel fuel under long-term contracts with various suppliers. We believe we have access to adequate supplies of industrial gases and diesel fuel to meet our needs. 
 
 HUMAN CAPITAL 
 Cliffs has a long, proven history of attracting and retaining exceptional talent. We believe our employee-centric management philosophy is the key to our success. Even though many other employers are facing unprecedented labor shortages, we continued to grow during 2022. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we employed approximately 27,000 people, with approximately 26,000 employed in the U.S. Approximately 25,000 employees were employed at production facilities, with the balance employed in corporate support roles. The vast majority of our approximately 21,000 hourly employees were subject to collective bargaining agreements (approximately 19,000) with various labor unions. 
 LABOR RELATIONS 
 Our labor relations philosophy is a cornerstone of our talent strategy. At Cliffs, we know that maintaining strong, positive relationships with labor unions is key to our long-term growth. We recognize and respect the right of our employees to freely associate and collectively bargain, and we do not engage in harassment, intimidation or retaliation for their efforts to bargain collectively. 
 More than 90 of Cliffs hourly workforce are represented by three prominent unions USW, UAW and IAM. The hardworking men and women of Cliffs are the lifeblood of our Company. Our employees operate and maintain our facilities and are, ultimately, responsible for safely delivering a quality product internally and to our customers. Therefore, we engage with our unions as business partners, and together we have achieved a number of successes that benefit our business and our people alike. 
 2022 HIGHLIGHTS 
 On October 12, 2022, a new 4-year labor agreement with the USW was ratified. The contract covers approximately 12,000 USW-represented employees at 13 operating locations, and is effective from September 1, 2022 through August 31, 2026. 
 On September 30, 2022, a new 47-month labor agreement with the USW was ratified. The contract covers approximately 2,000 USW-represented employees at our legacy mining operations, and is effective from October 1, 2022 through August 31, 2026. 
 Additionally, on June 24, 2022, a new 3-year labor agreement with the UAW was ratified. The contract covers approximately 1,100 UAW-represented employees at our Butler Works facility, and is effective June 15, 2022 through June 15, 2025. 
 We are proud to report we did not experience any strikes or lockouts last year. This positive partnership with our unions helps us remain competitive for talent and protects our customers and their supply chains from disruptions due to labor disagreements. 
 TALENT RETENTION 
 We believe that our future success largely depends upon our continued ability to attract and retain a highly skilled workforce. We provide our employees with competitive salaries, incentive-based bonus programs that provide above-market compensation opportunities when our Company performs well, development programs that enable continued learning and growth, and a robust benefits package that promotes well-being across all aspects of their lives, including health care, retirement planning and paid time off. In addition to these programs, we have used targeted, equity-based grants with vesting conditions to facilitate retention of key personnel. These tools have enabled us to increase the retention of key personnel, including our corporate and site leadership teams and critical technical talent. 
 ROBUST EMPLOYEE BENEFITS PROGRAMS 
 The success of our business is fundamentally connected to the well-being of our people. Accordingly, we are committed to the health, safety and wellness of our employees. We provide our employees and their families with access to a variety of innovative, flexible and convenient health and wellness programs, including benefits that provide protection and security so they can have peace of mind concerning events that may require time away from work or that impact their financial well-being; that support their physical and mental health by providing tools and resources to help them improve or maintain their health and encourage engagement in healthy behaviors; and that offer choice so they can customize their benefits to meet their needs and the needs of their families. 
 14 | CLF 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 DIVERSITY, EQUITY AND INCLUSION 
 We continue to foster a culture of diversity, equity and inclusion at Cliffs. Through our OneCliffs Way of Doing Business (our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics), we outline our Core Values, which include Trust, Respect and Open Communication. To us, this means encouraging and accepting different views and supporting and advancing gender and racial diversity. Further, our OneCliffs Way of Doing Business provides that we will not make employment-related decisions nor will we discriminate based on race, color, religion, national origin, age, military or veteran status, disability, sex (including sexual orientation and gender identity), genetic information or any other characteristic protected by applicable law. We strive to make Cliffs a safe place to work for all. Harassment and/or intimidation are not tolerated anywhere in our Company, and we hope our people make a career at Cliffs doing meaningful and challenging work. 
 SAFETY 
 Safe production is our primary core value as we continue to reinforce a zero injury culture at our facilities. We constantly monitor our safety performance and make continuous improvements to effect change. Best practices and incident learnings are shared throughout the Company to ensure each facility can administer the most effective policies and procedures for enhanced workplace safety. Progress toward achieving our objectives is accomplished through a focus on proactive sustainable safety initiatives, and results are measured against established industry and Company benchmarks, including our Company-wide Total Reportable Incident Rate. During 2022, our Total Reportable Incident Rate (including contractors) was 1.36 per 200,000 hours worked. 
 Refer to Exhibit 95 Mine Safety Disclosures (filed herewith) for mine safety information required in accordance with Section 1503(a) of the Dodd-Frank Act. 
 
 AVAILABLE INFORMATION 
 Our headquarters are located at 200 Public Square, Suite 3300, Cleveland, Ohio 44114-2315, and our telephone number is (216) 694-5700. We are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act and its rules and regulations. The Exchange Act requires us to file reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. 
 The SEC maintains a website that contains reports, proxy statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. These materials may be obtained electronically by accessing the SEC s home page at www.sec.gov . 
 We use our website, www.clevelandcliffs.com , as a channel for routine distribution of important information, including news releases, investor presentations and financial information. We also make available, free of charge on our website, our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to these reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file these documents with, or furnish them to, the SEC. In addition, our website allows investors and other interested persons to sign up to receive automatic email alerts when we post news releases and financial information on our website. 
 We also make available, free of charge, the charters of the Audit Committee, Strategy and Sustainability Committee, Governance and Nominating Committee, and Compensation and Organization Committee, as well as the Corporate Governance Guidelines, and the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics adopted by our Board of Directors. These documents are available through our investor relations page on our website at www.clevelandcliffs.com . The SEC filings are available by selecting Investors and then SEC Filings, and corporate governance materials are available by selecting "Investors" and then Governance for the Board Committee Charters, the Corporate Governance Guidelines, and the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. 
 References to our website or the SEC s website do not constitute incorporation by reference of the information contained on such websites, and such information is not part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Copies of the above-referenced information are also available, free of charge, by calling (216) 694-5700 or upon written request to: 
 Cleveland-Cliffs Inc. 
 Investor Relations 
 200 Public Square, Suite 3300 
 Cleveland, OH 44114-2315 
 15 | CLF 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 
 Following are the names, ages and positions of the executive officers of the Company as of February 14, 2023. Unless otherwise noted, all positions indicated are or were held with Cleveland-Cliffs Inc. 
 Name Age Position(s) Held Lourenco Goncalves 64 Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer (August 2014 present); and Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Metals USA Holdings Corp., an American manufacturer and processor of steel and other metals (May 2006 April 2013). Clifford Smith 63 Executive Vice President President, Cleveland-Cliffs Steel (September 2021 present); Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer (January 2019 September 2021); and Executive Vice President, Business Development (April 2015 January 2019). Keith Koci 58 Executive Vice President President, Cleveland-Cliffs Services (September 2021 present); Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer (February 2019 September 2021); and Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Metals USA Holdings Corp. (2013 February 2019). Celso Goncalves 34 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer (September 2021 present); Senior Vice President, Finance Treasurer (March 2020 September 2021); Vice President, Treasurer (January 2018 March 2020); and Assistant Treasurer (September 2016 January 2018). Terry Fedor 58 Executive Vice President, Operations (October 2022 present); Executive Vice President, Operations, East (September 2021 October 2022); Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer, Steel Mills (March 2020 September 2021); Executive Vice President, Operations (February 2019 March 2020); and Executive Vice President, U.S. Iron Ore (January 2014 February 2019). Traci Forrester 51 Executive Vice President, Environmental Sustainability (May 2021 present); Executive Vice President, Business Development (May 2019 May 2021); Vice President, Deputy General Counsel Assistant Secretary (January 2018 May 2019); and Deputy General Counsel Assistant Secretary (January 2017 January 2018). James Graham 57 Executive Vice President, Human Resources, Chief Legal and Administrative Officer Secretary (April 2022 present); and Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer Secretary (November 2014 April 2022). Kimberly Floriani 40 Senior Vice President, Controller Chief Accounting Officer (August 2021 present); Vice President, Corporate Controller Chief Accounting Officer (April 2020 August 2021); and Director, Accounting Reporting (August 2015 April 2020). 
 All executive officers serve at the pleasure of the Board. There are no arrangements or understandings between any executive officer and any other person pursuant to which an executive officer was selected to be an officer of the Company. Celso Goncalves, our Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, is the son of Lourenco Goncalves, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer. There is no other family relationship between any of our executive officers or between any of our executive officers and any of our directors. 
 16 | CLF 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 An investment in our common shares or other securities is subject to risks inherent in our businesses and the industries in which we operate. Described below are certain risks and uncertainties, the occurrences of which could have a material adverse effect on us. The risks and uncertainties described below include known material risks that we face currently, but our material risks are constantly evolving and the below descriptions may not include future risks that are not presently known, that are not currently believed to be material or that are common to all businesses. Investors should not interpret the disclosure of any risk to imply that such risk has not already materialized. Although we have extensive risk management policies, practices and procedures in place that are aimed to mitigate these risks, the occurrence of these uncertainties may nevertheless impair our business operations and adversely affect the actual outcome of matters as to which forward-looking statements are made. This report is qualified in its entirety by these risk factors. Before making an investment decision, investors should consider carefully all of the risks described below together with the other information included in this report and the other reports we file with the SEC. 
 Management has identified several categories of material risks that we are subject to, including: (I) economic and market, (II) regulatory, (III) financial, (IV) operational, (V) sustainability and development and (VI) human capital. Although the risks are organized by these headings, and each risk is discussed separately, many are interrelated. 
 I. ECONOMIC AND MARKET RISKS 
 The volatility of commodity prices, including steel, iron ore and scrap metal, directly and indirectly affects our ability to generate revenue, maintain stable cash flows and fund our operations. 
 Our profitability is dependent upon the historically volatile market prices of steel, iron ore and scrap metal. We experience direct impacts of steel price fluctuations through customer sales, as well as direct and indirect impacts of iron ore and scrap metal price fluctuations through third-party sales and the impacts that fluctuations in iron ore and scrap metal prices have on steel prices. As described elsewhere in this report, the prices of steel, iron ore and scrap metal have fluctuated significantly in the recent past, which prices are unpredictable and affected by factors beyond our control, including: international demand for, and the impact of higher rates of inflation on, raw materials used in steel production; availability of scrap metal substitutes such as pig iron; commodity price speculation; rates of global economic growth, especially construction and infrastructure activity that requires significant amounts of steel; changes in the levels of economic activity in the U.S., China, India, Europe and other industrialized or developing economies, including as a result of the Russia-Ukraine conflict or otherwise; changes in China s emissions policies and environmental compliance enforcement practices; changes in the production capacity, production rate and inventory levels of other steel producers, iron ore suppliers and scrap metal processors and traders; changes in trade laws; volumes of unfairly traded imports; imposition or termination of duties, tariffs, import and export controls and other trade barriers impacting the steel and iron ore markets; climate change and other weather-related disruptions, infectious disease outbreaks, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, or natural disasters that may impact the global supply of steel, iron ore or scrap metal; and the proximity, capacity and cost of infrastructure and transportation. 
 Our revenues, therefore, fluctuate with the prices of the products we sell. Although we experienced generally higher average selling prices for our steel products during 2022 as compared to 2021 due to the impact of fixed price contracts and lagging price mechanisms, to the extent that commodity prices, including the HRC price, coated and other specialty steel prices, international steel prices and scrap metal prices, significantly decline for an extended period of time as they generally did during the second half of 2022, we may have to further revise our operating plans, including curtailing production, reducing operating costs and deferring capital expenditures. We also may have to record impairments on our goodwill, intangible assets, long-lived assets and/or inventory. Sustained lower prices also could cause us to further reduce existing mineral reserves if certain reserves no longer can be economically mined or processed at prevailing prices. Particularly during periods of increased inflation resulting in higher input costs as we experienced during 2022, we may be unable to decrease our costs in an amount sufficient to offset reductions in revenues and may incur losses. These events could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 We sell a significant portion of our steel products to the automotive market, and fluctuations or changes in the automotive market could adversely affect our business operations and financial performance. 
 The largest end user for our steel products is the automotive industry in North America. Beyond these direct sales to the automotive industry, we make additional sales to distributors and converters, which may ultimately resell some of that volume to the automotive market. In addition to the magnitude of our exposure to the automotive industry, we face risks arising from our relative concentration of sales to certain specific automotive manufacturers, and our sales volumes and revenues may be adversely affected if we are unable to renew our fixed-price contracts with one or more significant automotive customers or if those customers choose to move certain portions of their parts business to alternate suppliers. Automotive production and sales are cyclical and sensitive to general economic conditions and other factors, including interest rates, consumer credit, spending and preferences, and supply chain disruptions, such as the current semiconductor shortage. If automotive production and sales decline, whether due to consumers facing reduced purchasing power caused by inflation, newly higher interest rates or otherwise, our sales and shipments to the automotive market are likely to decline in a corresponding manner. Adverse impacts that we may sustain as a result include, without limitation, lower margins because of the need to sell our steel to less profitable customers and markets, higher fixed costs from lower steel production if we are unable to sell the same amount of steel to other customers and markets, and lower sales, shipments, pricing and margins generally as our competitors face similar challenges and compete vigorously in other markets that we serve. These adverse impacts could negatively affect our sales, financial results and cash flows. 
 17 | CLF 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Moreover, despite our position as the largest flat-rolled steel producer in North America, competition for automotive business has intensified in recent years, as steel producers and companies producing alternative materials have focused their efforts on capturing and/or expanding their market share of automotive business because of less favorable conditions in other markets for steel and other metals, including commodity products. As a result, the potential exists that we may lose market share to existing or new entrants or that automotive manufacturers will take advantage of the intense competition among potential suppliers during periodic contract renewal negotiations to pressure our pricing and margins in order to maintain or expand our market share with them, which could negatively affect our sales, financial results and cash flows. 
 Global steelmaking overcapacity, steel imports and oversupply of iron ore could lead to lower or more volatile global steel and iron ore prices, directly or indirectly impacting our profitability. 
 Significant existing global steel capacity and new or expanded production capacity in recent years could potentially cause capacity to exceed demand globally. Although certain of our U.S. competitors temporarily shut down production capacity during the COVID-19 pandemic, much of the previously idled capacity has been restarted, and certain of our competitors have announced and are moving ahead with plans to develop new steelmaking capacity in the near term. In addition, certain foreign competitors, which may have cost advantages due to being owned, controlled or subsidized by foreign governments, have substantially increased their steel production capacity in the last few years and in some instances appear to have targeted the U.S. market for imports. The risk of even greater levels of imports may continue, depending upon foreign market and economic conditions, changes in trade agreements and treaties, laws, regulations or government policies affecting trade, the ability of foreign producers to circumvent U.S. trade sanctions and policy (including in the markets for tin mill products and electrical steels), the value of the U.S. dollar relative to other currencies and other variables beyond our control. In addition, higher sustained market prices of steel and iron ore products could cause new producers to enter the market or existing producers to further expand productive capacity, which could in turn lead to lower steel prices and increasing prices of steelmaking inputs, such as scrap metal. Excess steel and iron ore supply combined with reduced global steel demand, including in China due to new or continuing COVID-19 lockdowns or otherwise, and increased foreign imports could also lead to lower steel and iron ore prices. Downward pressure on steel and/or iron ore prices could have an adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and profitability. 
 Severe financial hardship or bankruptcy of one or more of our major customers or key vendors could adversely affect our business operations and financial performance. 
 Sales and operations of a majority of our customers are sensitive to general economic conditions in the North American automotive, housing, construction, appliance, energy, defense and other industries. Some of our customers are highly leveraged. If there is a significant weakening of current economic conditions, whether because of operational, cyclical, supply chain or other issues, including inflationary pressures, higher interest rates or currently unanticipated adverse developments arising out of the COVID 19 pandemic, it could cause customers to reduce, delay or cancel their orders with us, impact significantly the creditworthiness of our customers and lead to other financial difficulties or even bankruptcy filings by our customers. Failure to receive payment from our customers for products that we have delivered could adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. The concentration of customers in a specific industry, such as the automotive industry, may increase our risk because of the likelihood that circumstances may affect multiple customers at the same time. Such events could cause us to experience lost sales or losses associated with the potential inability to collect all outstanding accounts receivable and reduced liquidity. Similarly, if our key vendors face financial hardship or need to operate in bankruptcy, as we have been experiencing with one of our major steel mill slag services providers since 2022, such vendors could experience operational disruption or even face liquidation, which could result in such vendor defaulting on its obligations to us or in our inability to secure replacement materials or services on a timely basis, or at all, or cause us to incur increased costs to do so. Such events could adversely impact our continuity of operations, financial results and cash flows. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic and the resulting economic volatility may continue to have an adverse impact on our businesses. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic is continuing to impact countries, communities, supply chains and markets, though to a generally lesser extent than during 2020-2022. Responses by individuals, governments and businesses to ever-changing developments in the COVID-19 pandemic and efforts to reduce its spread, including quarantines, travel restrictions, business closures, and mandatory stay-at-home or work-from-home orders, while largely lifted during 2022, could be reinstituted in the event novel strains or new variants prove resistant to existing vaccines. We continue to be subject to risks arising out of the turbulence of the economic recovery associated with the COVID-19 pandemic, including inflationary pressures, which have generally increased the costs of our labor, raw materials, energy supplies and other production inputs, adversely impacting our results of operations and profitability. Despite our widespread vaccination efforts, we remain subject to the ongoing risk that a portion of our workforce or on-site contractors could suffer illness or otherwise be unable to perform their ordinary work functions due to adverse developments in the COVID-19 pandemic or other infectious disease outbreak. In addition, we have experienced, and may continue to experience, supply chain disruptions or operational issues with our vendors or logistics providers, as our suppliers and contractors face similar challenges related to the COVID-19 pandemic, including as a result of new or continued pandemic lockdowns in China. Because the prolonged COVID-19 pandemic and resulting economic volatility continues to evolve, we cannot predict the full extent to which our businesses, results of operations, financial condition or liquidity will ultimately be impacted. To the extent the COVID-19 pandemic adversely affects our businesses, it may also have the effect of exacerbating many of the other risks described in this Risk Factors section, any of which could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 18 | CLF 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 II. REGULATORY RISKS 
 U.S. government actions on trade agreements and treaties, laws, regulations or policies affecting trade could lead to lower or more volatile global steel prices, impacting our profitability. 
 In recent years, the U.S. government has altered its approach to international trade policy, both generally and with respect to matters directly and indirectly affecting the steel industry, including by undertaking certain unilateral actions affecting trade, renegotiating existing bilateral or multilateral trade agreements, and entering into new agreements or treaties with foreign countries. For example, in March 2018, the U.S. government issued a proclamation pursuant to Section 232 imposing a 25 tariff on imported steel. These Section 232 tariffs were imposed on the basis of national security and addressed imported steel that was being unfairly traded by certain foreign competitors at artificially low prices. In retaliation against the Section 232 tariffs, the European Union subsequently imposed its own tariffs against certain steel products and other goods imported from the U.S. Following the U.S. government leadership changes resulting from the November 2020 presidential election, further changes in U.S. international trade policy have occurred and others may be forthcoming. For example, the U.S. government has agreed to modified tariff rate quota systems with each of the European Union, Japan and the United Kingdom that allow more imports from those trading partners to enter the U.S. market free of Section 232 tariffs. The U.S. government may also negotiate reductions or eliminations of Section 232 duties with other trading partners. If the Section 232 tariffs are further removed or substantially lessened, whether through legal challenge, legislation, executive action or otherwise, imports of foreign steel would likely increase and steel prices in the U.S. would likely fall, which could materially adversely affect our revenues, financial results and cash flows. 
 In addition, during 2020, the USMCA was implemented among the U.S., Mexico and Canada in place of the North American Free Trade Agreement. Because all of our steel manufacturing facilities are located in North America and one of our principal markets is automotive manufacturing in North America, we believe that the USMCA has the potential to positively impact our business by incentivizing automakers and other manufacturers to increase manufacturing production in North America and to use North American steel. However, it is difficult to predict the short- and long-term implications of changes in trade policy and, therefore, whether the USMCA or other new or renegotiated trade agreements, treaties, laws, regulations or policies that may be implemented by the U.S. government, or otherwise, will have a beneficial or detrimental impact on our business and our customers and suppliers businesses. Adverse effects could occur directly from a disruption to trade and commercial transactions and/or indirectly by adversely affecting the U.S. economy or certain sectors of the economy, impacting demand for our customers products and, in turn, negatively affecting demand for our products. Important links of the supply chain for some of our key customers, including automotive manufacturers, could be negatively impacted by the USMCA or other new or renegotiated trade agreements, treaties, laws, regulations or policies. 
 While we may currently benefit from certain antidumping and countervailing duty orders, any such relief is subject to periodic reviews and challenges, which can result in revocation or modification of the orders or reduction of the duties. During 2022, the U.S. International Trade Commission reviewed and continued antidumping and countervailing duty orders covering imports from several major trading partners of some of our key products, including corrosion-resistant steel, cold-rolled steel, hot-rolled steel and cut-to-length plate. However, previously granted and currently pending petitions for trade relief, such as our recently filed trade cases seeking relief from unfairly traded tin mill products imports, may not be successful or fully effective at preventing harm from dumped and subsidized imports. Any of these actions and their direct and indirect impacts could materially adversely affect our revenues, financial results and cash flows. 
 We are subject to extensive governmental regulation, which imposes potential significant costs and liabilities on us. Future laws and regulations or the manner in which they are interpreted and enforced could increase these costs and liabilities or limit our ability to produce our raw materials and products. 
 New laws or regulations, or changes in existing laws or regulations, or the manner of their interpretation or enforcement, could increase our cost of doing business and restrict our ability to operate our businesses or execute our strategies. This includes, among other things: changes in MSHA regulations, such as respirable silica standards; reevaluation of the National Ambient Air Quality Standards, such as revised nitrogen dioxide, sulfur dioxide, lead, ozone and particulate matter criteria; changes in the interpretation of OSHA regulations, such as standards for occupational exposure to noise, certain chemicals or hazardous substances and infectious diseases; and changes in tax laws and regulations, including the possible taxation under U.S. or foreign country laws of certain income from worldwide operations, the U.S. 1 excise tax on certain corporate stock repurchases (which could increase our cost of future activity under our existing share repurchase program) and 15 corporate alternative minimum tax, both enacted as part of the Inflation Reduction Act and effective in 2023, and the 15 global minimum corporate tax under Pillar Two of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development s Global Anti-Base Erosion Rules, which has been adopted by the European Union requiring its Member States to implement national legislation applicable for fiscal years starting on or after December 31, 2023. 
 We and our operations are subject to various international, foreign, federal, state, provincial and local laws and regulations relating to protection of the environment and human health and safety, including those relating to air quality, water quality and conservation, plant, wetlands, natural resources and wildlife protection (including endangered or threatened species), reclamation, remediation and restoration of properties and related surety bonds or other financial assurances, land use, the discharge of materials into the environment, the effects that industrial operations and mining have on groundwater quality and availability, the management of electrical equipment containing polychlorinated biphenyls, and other related matters. Despite implementation of rigorous environmental protocols and management systems, we cannot be certain that we have been or will be at all times in complete compliance with all such laws and regulations. If we violate or fail to comply with these laws or regulations, we could be fined, required to cease operations, subject to criminal or civil liability, or otherwise sanctioned by regulators or barred from participating in 
 19 | CLF 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 government contracts. In addition, federal or state regulatory agencies have the authority, under certain circumstances following significant health and safety incidents, such as fatalities, to order a mine or production facility to be temporarily or permanently closed. Compliance with the complex and extensive laws and regulations to which we are subject imposes substantial costs on us, which could increase over time because of heightened regulatory oversight, adoption of more stringent environmental, health and safety standards and greater demand for remediation services leading to shortages of equipment, supplies and labor, as well as other factors. 
 Specifically, there are several notable proposed or recently enacted rulemakings or activities to which we would be subject or that would further regulate and/or tax us and our customers, which may also require us or our customers to reduce or otherwise change operations significantly or incur significant additional costs, potentially limiting our ability to produce our raw materials and products, depending on their ultimate outcome. These emerging or recently enacted rules, regulations and policy guidance include, but are not limited to: trade regulations, such as the USMCA and/or other trade agreements, treaties or policies; changes in tariff policy, including with respect to the 25 tariff on certain imported steel imposed under Section 232; climate change mitigation strategies and GHG regulation; selenium discharge regulation; revisions to the sulfate wild rice water quality standard and its implementation; Minnesota s Mercury TMDL and associated federal rules governing mercury air emission reductions; the Regional Haze FIP Rule; ozone transport regulations; agency decisions related to environmental justice initiatives; revised National Ambient Air Quality Standards, particularly for ozone and particulate matter; and Superfund chemical and substance excise taxes under CERCLA, which were reinstated effective July 1, 2022 as part of the Infrastructure and Jobs Act. In addition, the Biden Administration has indicated via executive orders and in public statements that it will propose more stringent environmental regulation, in particular related to climate change. At the state level, agencies are adopting similar rules that may adversely impact us. Any new or more stringent legislation, regulations, rules, interpretations or orders, when enacted and enforced, including any related to required monitoring and reporting or reductions in, or taxes on, levels of carbon emissions, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition or profitability. 
 Our operations may be impacted by the recent enactment, and ongoing consideration, of significant federal and state laws and regulations relating to certain mine-related issues, such as the stability of tailings basins, mine drainage and fill activities, reclamation and safety in underground and surface mines. With respect to underground mines, for example, these laws and regulations include requirements for constructing and maintaining caches for the storage of additional self-contained self-rescuers throughout the mines; installing rescue chambers in the mines; continuous tracking of and communication with personnel in the mines; installing cable lifelines from the mine portal to all sections of the mine to assist in emergency escape; submission and approval of emergency response plans; and additional safety training. Additionally, there are requirements for the prompt reporting of accidents and increased fines and penalties for violations of these and existing regulations. These laws and regulations may cause us to incur substantial additional costs. 
 In addition, certain of our operations are subject to the risks of doing business abroad and we must comply with complex foreign and U.S. laws and regulations, which may include, but are not limited to, the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other anti-bribery laws, regulations related to import/export and trade controls, the European Union s General Data Protection Regulation and other U.S. and foreign privacy regulations, and transportation and logistics regulations. These laws and regulations may increase our costs of doing business in international jurisdictions and expose our operations and our employees to elevated risk. We require our employees, contractors and agents to comply with these and all other applicable laws and regulations, but failure to do so could result in possible administrative, civil or criminal liability and reputational harm to us and our employees. 
 As a supplier on federal, state and local public procurement projects, including projects that may arise out of proposed or recently enacted governmental legislation regarding infrastructure investments such as the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act of 2021, we may be subject to certain stringent procurement regulations that may present compliance challenges or may increase the costs of securing certain business. We may also be indirectly affected through regulatory changes that impact our customers, which in turn could reduce the quantity of our products they demand, adversely impact the terms upon which they purchase or the prices for our products they are willing to pay. Regulatory changes that impact our suppliers, such as any changes in labor or environmental standards in China, could decrease the availability of products or services they sell to us or could increase the price they demand for products or services they sell to us. 
 Our operations use hazardous materials and inadvertently may impact the environment, which could result in material liabilities to us. 
 Our operations currently use, and have in the past used, hazardous materials and substances, and we have generated, and expect to continue to generate, solid and hazardous waste. We have been, and may in the future be, subject to claims under international, foreign, federal, state, provincial and local laws and regulations for toxic torts, natural resource damages and other damages as well as for the investigation and clean-up of soil, surface water, sediments, groundwater and other natural resources and reclamation of properties. Such claims for damages, as well as investigation, remediation and reclamation requirements, have arisen and may arise in the future out of current, future or former conditions at sites that we or our acquired companies own, lease or operate, as well as sites that we or our acquired companies formerly owned, leased or operated, and at contaminated sites that are or have been owned, leased or operated by our joint venture partners. We may also have liability for contamination at third-party sites where we have sent hazardous wastes. Our liability for these claims may be strict and/or joint and several, such that we may be held responsible for more than our share of the contamination or other damages, or even for entire claims regardless of fault. We may be named as a potentially responsible party at other third-party sites in the future, and we cannot be certain that the costs associated with these additional sites will not exceed any reserves we have established or otherwise be material. 
 20 | CLF 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 We may be unable to obtain, maintain, renew or comply with permits and licenses necessary for our operations or be required to provide additional financial assurances, which could reduce our production, cash flows, profitability and available liquidity. 
 We must obtain, maintain and comply with numerous permits and licenses that require approval of operational plans and impose strict conditions on various environmental, health and safety matters in connection with our steel production and processing and mining and other operations. These include permits and approvals issued by various federal, state, provincial, foreign and local agencies and regulatory bodies, with which we may not always be able to comply. The permitting rules are complex and may change over time, making our ability to comply with the applicable requirements more difficult or potentially impractical and costly, possibly precluding the continuance of ongoing operations or the development of future operations. Interpretations of rules may also change over time and may lead to requirements, such as additional financial assurances, making it costlier to comply. Moreover, despite our ongoing efforts to reduce our environmental footprint and improve the resiliency of our business model, heightened levels of regulatory oversight focused on addressing climate change and industrial activities that generate GHG emissions, such as our steelmaking, cokemaking and mining operations, could impact, delay or disrupt our ability to obtain new or renewed permits or modifications to existing permits. 
 In addition, the public, including special interest groups and individuals, have certain rights under various statutes and burgeoning environmental justice policies to comment upon, submit objections to, and otherwise engage in the permitting process, including bringing citizens lawsuits to challenge such permits or activities. Accordingly, required permits may not be issued or renewed in a timely fashion or at all, or permits issued or renewed may include conditions that we cannot meet or otherwise be conditioned in ways that may restrict our ability to conduct our production, mining and processing activities efficiently or include requirements for additional financial assurances that we may not be able to provide on commercially reasonable terms or at all, which could reduce available borrowing capacity under our ABL Facility. Such conditions, restrictions or requirements could also reduce our production, cash flows or profitability. 
 III. FINANCIAL RISKS 
 Our existing and future indebtedness may limit cash flow available to invest in the ongoing needs of our businesses, which could prevent us from fulfilling our obligations under our senior notes, ABL Facility and other debt, and we may be forced to take other actions to satisfy our obligations under our debt, which may not be successful. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 4,306 million aggregate principal amount of long-term debt outstanding, 829 million of which was secured (excluding 150 million of outstanding letters of credit and 215 million of finance leases), and 26 million of cash on our statement of consolidated financial position. As of December 31, 2022, 2,442 million aggregate principal amount of our senior notes was outstanding. The aggregate principal amount of revolver commitments under our ABL Facility is 4.5 billion. As of December 31, 2022, 1,864 million was outstanding under our ABL Facility, and the principal amount of letters of credit obligations and other commitments totaled 150 million. As of December 31, 2022, the available borrowing capacity on our ABL Facility was 2,486 million. 
 A portion of our cash flow from operations is used to service debt under our senior notes and ABL Facility, reducing the availability of cash to fund capital expenditures, acquisitions or strategic development initiatives, and other general corporate purposes. The amount of cash required to service debt under our senior notes has decreased year-over-year from 259 million in 2021 to 193 million in 2022 due to our continued repayment of long-term debt, which savings has been partially offset by the year-over-year increase in cash from 44 million in 2021 to 65 million in 2022 required to service loans under our ABL Facility because of higher interest rates under recent U.S. Federal Reserve monetary policy. Although it is uncertain whether the U.S. Federal Reserve will continue to raise interest rates during 2023 and beyond, unless we are able to further reduce the amount borrowed under our ABL Facility, higher rates would increase the amount of cash we would need to allocate to servicing the interest expense on our debt. 
 Our ability to make scheduled payments on the principal, premium, if any, and interest on our debt, or to refinance our debt obligations, depends on our ability to generate cash in the future and our financial condition and operating performance, which are subject to prevailing economic and competitive conditions and to certain financial, business and other factors beyond our control, as described elsewhere in this Risk Factors section. If we are unable to service our debt obligations, we could face substantial liquidity problems and we may be forced to reduce or delay investments and capital expenditures, or to sell assets, seek additional capital, including additional secured or unsecured debt, or restructure or refinance our debt, and we may be unable to continue as a going concern. We may be unable to consummate any proposed asset sales or recover the carrying value of these assets, and any proceeds may not be adequate to meet any debt service obligations then due. Any of these examples potentially could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, profitability, shareholders equity and capital structure. In addition, a failure to comply with any applicable covenants in the instruments governing our debt could result in an event of default that, if not cured or waived, would have a material adverse effect on us. 
 Our level of indebtedness could have further consequences, including, but not limited to, increasing our vulnerability to adverse economic or industry conditions, placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to other businesses in the industries in which we operate that are not as leveraged and that may be better positioned to withstand economic downturns and recessionary environments, limiting our flexibility to plan for, or react to, changes in our businesses and the industries in which we operate, and requiring us to refinance all or a portion of our existing debt. We may not be able to refinance on commercially reasonable terms or at all, and any refinancing of our debt could be at higher interest rates and may require us to comply with more onerous covenants, making it more difficult to obtain surety bonds, letters of credit or other financial assurances that may be demanded by our vendors 
 21 | CLF 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 or regulatory agencies, particularly during periods in which credit markets are weak. In addition, our cost of financing or refinancing, access to the capital markets, and the terms under which we purchase goods and services could be adversely affected if credit ratings agencies downgrade our ratings, whether due to factors specific to our business or debt profile, a prolonged cyclical downturn in the steel, scrap metal and mining industries or macroeconomic trends (such as global or regional recessions), increases in pension and OPEB obligations, recent adverse impacts of inflation and high interest rates, or trends in credit and capital markets more generally. 
 A portion of our borrowing capacity and outstanding indebtedness bears interest at a variable rate based on LIBOR. According to the FCA (Financial Conduct Authority: the authority that regulates LIBOR), the IBA (ICE Benchmark Administration Limited: the entity that calculates and publishes LIBOR) will permanently cease to publish each of the LIBOR settings by June 2023. It is unclear whether new methods of calculating LIBOR will be established such that it continues to exist after such end date, and there is considerable uncertainty regarding the publication or representativeness of LIBOR beyond such end date. The U.S. Federal Reserve, in conjunction with the Alternative Reference Rates Committee, is seeking to replace U.S. dollar LIBOR with a newly created index, SOFR. Our ABL Facility provides a mechanism to automatically transition to a SOFR-based benchmark when all U.S. dollar LIBOR settings are no longer provided or are no longer representative. In addition, our ABL Facility includes an option for us and the agent to jointly elect to transition early to a SOFR-based benchmark, or in certain circumstances, an alternative benchmark replacement. It is not possible to predict the effect of these changes, other reforms or the establishment of alternative reference rates. To the extent these interest rates increase, our interest expense will increase. If sources of capital for us are reduced, capital costs could increase materially. Restricted access to capital markets and/or increased borrowing costs could have an adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows, financial condition and liquidity. 
 Our actual operating results may differ significantly from our guidance. 
 From time to time, we release guidance, including that set forth under Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Outlook in our Annual Reports on Form 10-K and our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, regarding our future performance. This guidance, which consists of forward-looking statements, is prepared by our management and is qualified by, and subject to, the assumptions and the other information included in our Annual Reports on Form 10-K and our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. Our guidance is not prepared with a view toward compliance with published guidelines of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants, and neither our independent registered public accounting firm nor any other independent or outside party compiles or examines the guidance and, accordingly, no such person expresses any opinion or any other form of assurance with respect thereto. 
 Guidance is based upon a number of assumptions and estimates that, while presented with numerical specificity, are inherently subject to business, economic, regulatory and competitive uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond our control and are based upon specific assumptions with respect to future business decisions, some of which will change. The principal reason that we release such data is to provide a basis for our management to discuss our business outlook with analysts and investors. We do not accept any responsibility for any projections or reports published by any such third parties. 
 Guidance is necessarily speculative in nature, and it can be expected that some or all of the assumptions of the guidance furnished by us will not materialize or will vary significantly from actual results. Accordingly, our guidance is only an estimate of what management believes is realizable as of the date of release. Actual results will vary from the guidance. Investors should also recognize that the reliability of any forecasted financial data diminishes the further in the future that the data are forecast. In light of the foregoing, investors are urged to put the guidance in context and not to place undue reliance on it. Any failure to successfully implement our operating strategy or the occurrence of any of the risks described in our Annual Reports on Form 10-K or our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q could cause actual operating results to differ from the guidance, and such differences may be adverse and material. 
 We may be subject to various lawsuits, claims, arbitrations or governmental proceedings that could result in significant expenditures. 
 We are from time to time subject to various lawsuits, claims, arbitrations or governmental proceedings relating to commercial and business disputes, antitrust claims, environmental matters, government investigations, occupational or personal injury claims, property damage, labor and employment matters, or suits involving legacy operations and other matters. For example, certain of our subsidiaries have been named in lawsuits claiming exposure to asbestos, many of which have been dismissed and/or settled for non-material amounts. Nevertheless, it is likely that similar types of claims will continue to be filed in the future, and we could experience material adverse judgments or incur significant costs to defend such claims or any other existing and future lawsuits, claims, arbitrations or governmental proceedings. The insurance we maintain may not be adequate to protect us in the event of significant claims. 
 IV. OPERATIONAL RISKS 
 Our operating expenses could increase significantly if the prices of raw materials, electrical power, fuel or other energy sources increase. 
 Our operations require significant use of energy and raw materials. Although we are fully self-sufficient in iron ore and partially self-sufficient in coke, metallurgical coal and scrap metal, we are wholly or partially dependent on third-party suppliers for certain critical raw materials and production inputs, including industrial gases, graphite electrodes, chrome, zinc, coke, metallurgical coal and scrap metal. Prices for electricity, natural gas, diesel fuel, oils and raw materials can fluctuate widely with availability and demand levels from other users, including fluctuations caused by the impact of recent inflationary pressures, supply chain constraints, the 
 22 | CLF 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Russia-Ukraine conflict and the COVID-19 pandemic. For example, i ncreased electricity demand to the grid in response to physical climate-related risks, adverse or extreme weather events and electrification of the economy could adversely impact energy prices. During periods of peak usage, although some operations have contractual arrangements in place whereby they receive certain offsetting payments in exchange for electricity load reduction, supplies of energy and raw materials in general may be curtailed and we may not be able to purchase them at historical rates. A disruption in the transmission of energy, inadequate energy transmission infrastructure, or the termination of any of our energy supply contracts could interrupt our energy supply and adversely affect our operations. While we have some long-term contracts with electrical, natural gas and raw material suppliers, we are exposed to fluctuations in energy, natural gas and raw material costs that can affect our production costs. We enter into many market-based pricing supply contracts for electricity, natural gas and diesel fuel for use in our operations. Those contracts expose us to price increases in energy costs, which could cause our profitability to decrease significantly. As an example, our Toledo direct reduction plant is subject to changes in the market price of natural gas, which is a key input in the direct reduction of iron ore pellets to produce HBI, and natural gas has been experiencing elevated market pricing since the second quarter of 2022. In addition, U.S. public utilities may impose rate increases and pass through additional capital and operating cost increases to their customers related to new or pending U.S. environmental regulations or other charges that may require significant capital investment and use of cleaner fuels in the future. In particular, the recent decision of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia vacating and remanding the Affordable Clean Energy Rule, as well as recent executive orders from President Biden regarding the environment and climate change, indicate that new or revised regulations under the Biden Administration could result in rate increases from U.S. public utilities. Although we regularly monitor and from time to time challenge rate cases initiated by these utilities or other sources seeking to increase the amounts that our facilities have to pay for electricity, natural gas or water, there is no assurance that our challenges will be successful in reducing or eliminating proposed rate increases. 
 The majority of our steel shipments are sold under contracts that do not allow us to pass through all increases in raw materials, supplies and energy costs. Some of our customer contracts include variable-pricing or surcharge mechanisms allowing us to adjust the total sales price based on changes in specified raw materials, supplies and energy costs. Those adjustments, however, rarely reflect all of our underlying raw materials, supplies and energy cost changes. The scope of the adjustment may also be limited by the terms of the negotiated language, including limitations on when and to what extent the adjustment occurs. Further, as a result of recent inflationary pressures, many of our vendors have been seeking substantial price increases in order to continue providing critical goods and services, and to the extent we are required to pay relatively more for our steelmaking inputs and are unable to recognize corresponding sales price increases, we would realize lower margins on sales of our products, negatively impacting our results of operations. Our need to consume existing inventories may also delay the impact of a change in prices of raw materials or supplies. Significant changes in raw material costs may also increase the potential for inventory value write-downs in the event of a reduction in selling prices and our inability to realize the cost of the inventory. As we source a portion of our critical supplies and raw materials from China, such as refractories, electrodes, chemicals and spare parts, existing tensions or further adverse geopolitical developments between the U.S. and China triggering or exacerbating sanctions or trading restrictions could lead to us experiencing disruptions, delays or higher costs in supplying our operations. In addition, even though we are partially self-sufficient in scrap metal, if the market price of scrap metal were to experience a sustained price increase, our cost to produce steel would be adversely affected due to the higher prices we would need to pay to acquire third-party scrap metal for consumption in our operations, which would adversely affect the margins we would realize on our fixed price contracts. 
 Our sales and competitive position depend on transporting our products to customers at competitive rates and in a timely manner, and our ability to optimize our operational footprint depends on predictably and cost effectively moving products and raw materials internally among our facilities. 
 Disruption of the rail, trucking, lake and other waterway transportation services because of weather-related problems, including ice and winter weather conditions on the Great Lakes or St. Lawrence Seaway, climate change, strikes, lock-outs, driver shortages and other disruptions in the trucking industry, train crew shortages or other rail network constraints, infectious disease outbreaks or other events and lack of alternative transportation options could impair our ability to move products internally among our facilities and to supply products to our customers at competitive rates or in a timely manner and, thus, could adversely affect our operations, revenues, margins and profitability. For example, if the vessel shipping season on the Great Lakes were to be interrupted or shortened as compared to historical levels, whether due to extended winter conditions, operational failure of critical shipping locks or otherwise, our ability to transport iron ore pellets to our steel mills could be adversely affected, resulting in potential operational disruptions and reduced production volumes. Further, dredging issues and environmental changes, particularly at Great Lakes ports or along navigable rivers, could impact adversely our ability to move certain of our products or result in higher freight rates. Similarly, we depend on third-party transportation services for delivery of raw materials and other production inputs to us, and failures or delays in delivery would have an adverse effect on our ability to maintain steady-state production and processing operations to meet customer obligations. 
 The cost or time to implement a strategic or sustaining capital project may prove to be greater than originally anticipated. 
 Most of our mines and production and processing facilities have been in operation for several decades, and the equipment is aged, requiring that we continually and successfully implement extensive and costly maintenance practices, programs and upgrades, which may take longer or be more costly than expected. From time to time, we undertake capital projects in order to enhance, expand, maintain or upgrade our production, mining and processing capabilities, such as the 2022 blast furnace reline project at our Cleveland Works, or to diversify our customer base, such as our Toledo direct reduction plant. Our ability to achieve the anticipated production volumes, revenues or otherwise realize acceptable returns on capital projects that we may undertake is subject to a number of risks, many of which are beyond our control, including a variety of market, operational, permitting and labor- 
 23 | CLF 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 related factors. Further, the cost to implement any given capital project may ultimately prove to be greater or may take more time than originally anticipated, including due to supply chain issues that may be experienced by our vendors, and the scope of a capital project may expand or otherwise be modified. Capital projects may also interrupt production capabilities, which could have an adverse effect on costs and profitability. Inability to achieve the expected results from the implementation of our capital projects, incurring unanticipated costs or delays, or the inability to meet contractual obligations could adversely affect our results of operations, future earnings and cash flow generation. 
 Natural or human-caused disasters, weather conditions, disruption of energy, unanticipated geological conditions, equipment failures, infectious disease outbreaks, and other unexpected events may lead our customers, our suppliers or our facilities to curtail production or shut down operations. 
 Operating levels within our industry and the industries of our customers and suppliers are subject to unexpected conditions and events that are beyond the industries control. Those events, including the occurrence of an infectious disease, widespread illness or public health emergency, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, could cause industry members or their suppliers to curtail production or shut down a portion or all of their operations, which could reduce the demand for our products and adversely affect our revenues, margins and profitability. For example, the temporary production shutdowns in the automotive industry that occurred during 2020 as a result of the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic and associated reduction in demand for our products led to our decision to temporarily idle certain steelmaking facilities and iron ore mines. 
 Our operating levels are subject to conditions beyond our control that can delay deliveries or increase the cost of production for varying lengths of time. Factors that could cause production disruptions could include adverse weather conditions due to climate change or otherwise (such as severe winter weather, tornadoes, floods, temperature extremes and the lack of availability of process water due to drought) and natural and human-caused disasters, lack of adequate raw materials, energy or other supplies, and infectious disease outbreaks, such as the COVID-19 pandemic. Additional factors that could adversely impact production and operations at our mining facilities include tailings dam failures, pit wall failures, unanticipated geological conditions, including variations in the amount of rock and soil overlying deposits of iron ore and metallurgical coal, and processing changes. 
 Our mining operations, processing facilities, steelmaking and logistics operations depend on critical pieces of equipment. This equipment may, on occasion, be out of service because of unanticipated failures or unplanned outages. In the future, we may experience additional lengthy shutdowns or periods of reduced production because of equipment failures or unplanned maintenance activities. Further, remediation of any interruption in production capability may require us to make large capital expenditures that could have a negative impact on our profitability and cash flows. Our business interruption insurance may not be available to cover lost revenues associated with equipment failures or maintenance difficulties. Longer-term business disruptions could result in a loss of customers, which could adversely affect our future sales levels and revenues. 
 Many of our production facilities and mines are dependent on a single source for electric power, natural gas, water, industrial gases and/or certain other raw materials or supplies. A significant interruption in service from our suppliers due to production or transportation issues, workforce difficulties, terrorism or sabotage, weather conditions such as heat waves that may be attributable to climate change, natural disasters, equipment failure or any other cause could result in substantial losses that may not be fully recoverable, either from our business interruption insurance or responsible third parties. 
 A disruption in or failure of our IT systems, including those related to cybersecurity, could adversely affect our business operations, reputation and financial performance. 
 We rely on the accuracy, capacity, integrity and security of our IT systems for the operation of many of our business processes and to comply with regulatory, legal and tax requirements. While we maintain some of our critical IT systems, we are also dependent on third parties to provide important IT services relating to, among other things, off-site content hosting, operational process technology at our facilities, human resources, electronic communications and certain finance functions. Further, in connection with our recent acquisitions, we inherited certain legacy hardware and software IT systems that can be supported only by a very limited number of specialists in the market, and our increased reliance on these legacy IT systems may increase the risk of IT system disruption or failure, which could adversely affect our operations. 
 Despite the security measures that we have implemented, including those related to cybersecurity and data privacy, our IT systems could be breached or damaged by computer viruses, ransomware, natural or human-caused incidents or disasters, or unauthorized physical or electronic access or intrusions, any of which could result in the loss, theft or corruption of sensitive or essential business or personal information and the inability to access or control our IT systems or information. Given our status as a critical supplier of steel to U.S. business and defense interests and the U.S. government s broad support of Ukraine in defending against Russia s invasion, we may be the target of malicious cyber activities sponsored by the Russian or Chinese governments or other state actors like those described in recent threat advisories issued by the U.S. Cybersecurity Infrastructure Security Agency. Though we have controls in place and regularly conduct employee training, we cannot provide assurance that a cyberattack will not occur or cause damage or business interruption. Furthermore, despite our efforts to audit certain critical vendors information security controls, significant risk may remain with respect to security measures employed by third-party service providers, which may ultimately prove to be ineffective at countering threats. 
 Failures of our IT systems, whether caused maliciously or inadvertently, may result in the disruption of our business processes, or in the unauthorized release of sensitive, confidential, personally identifiable or otherwise protected information, or result in the corruption of data, each of which could adversely affect our businesses. For example, cybersecurity vulnerabilities could result in an interruption of the functionality of our automated manufacturing, operating, or health and safety systems, which, if compromised, could cease, threaten, delay or slow down our ability to produce or process steel or any of our other products for the duration of 
 24 | CLF 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 such interruption or lead to unanticipated health or safety incidents, which could result in reputational harm and may adversely affect our employees, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. In addition, a ny compromise of the security of our IT systems could result in a loss of confidence in our security measures and subject us to litigation, regulatory investigations and negative publicity that could adversely affect our reputation and financial condition. Our customers, suppliers and vendors may also access or store certain of our sensitive information on their IT systems, which, if breached, attacked or accessed by unauthorized persons, could likewise expose our sensitive information and adversely impact our businesses. Furthermore, as cybersecurity threats continue to evolve and become more sophisticated, we may be required to incur significant costs and invest additional resources to protect against and, if required, remediate the damage caused by such disruptions or system failures in the future. The amount of insurance coverage we maintain and require our vendors to maintain may be inadequate to cover claims or liabilities resulting from cybersecurity attacks. 
 The closure of an operating facility or mine entails substantial costs. If our assumptions underlying our accruals for closure costs prove to be inaccurate or we prematurely close one or more of our facilities or mines, our results of operations and financial condition would likely be adversely affected. 
 If faced with overcapacity in the market, regulatory challenges or other adverse conditions, we may seek to rationalize manufacturing and production assets through sales, temporary shutdowns, indefinite idles or facility closures. If we indefinitely idle or permanently close any of our facilities or mines, our production and revenues would be reduced unless we were able to increase production at our other facilities or mines in an offsetting amount, which may not be possible, and could result in customers responding negatively by taking current or future business away from us if we seek to transition production to a different facility. Alternatively, we could fail to meet customer specifications at the facilities to which products are transitioned, resulting in customer dissatisfaction or claims. To the extent an idled or closed facility formerly supplied critical inputs to our upstream production facilities, such as our recently closed Mountain State Carbon cokemaking facility, we may need to secure alternate sources for such critical inputs, the cost and availability of which may be uncertain. 
 The closure of a steelmaking or other operating facility or mining operation involves significant closure costs, including reclamation and other environmental costs, the costs of terminating long-term obligations, including customer, energy and transportation contracts and equipment and real property leases, costs associated with the altered tax profile of an idled or closed facility, and certain accounting charges, including asset impairment and accelerated depreciation. In addition, a permanent facility or mine closure could accelerate and significantly increase employment legacy costs, including our expense and funding costs for pension and OPEB obligations and multiemployer pension withdrawal liabilities. For example, a number of employees would be eligible for immediate retirement under special eligibility rules that apply upon a steelmaking facility or mine closure. All employees eligible for immediate retirement under the pension plans at the time of the permanent closure also could be eligible for OPEB, thereby accelerating our obligation to provide these benefits. Certain closures would precipitate a pension closure liability significantly greater than an ongoing operation liability and may trigger certain severance liability obligations. In addition, we are party to several joint ventures relating to iron ore mining, downstream steel processing and scrap metal recycling, and if our joint venture partners experience financial hardships or fail to perform their obligations upon closure, we may be required to assume significant additional obligations on behalf of the joint venture, including costs of environmental remediation and pension and OPEB obligations. 
 We base our assumptions regarding the life of our mines on detailed studies we perform from time to time, but those studies and assumptions are subject to uncertainties and estimates that may not be accurate. We recognize the costs of reclaiming open pits, stockpiles, tailings ponds, roads and other mining support areas based on the estimated mining life of our properties. If our assumptions underlying our accruals for closure costs, including reclamation and other environmental costs, prove to be inaccurate or insufficient, or our liability in any particular year is greater than currently anticipated, our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. In addition, if we were to significantly reduce the estimated life of any of our mines, the mine closure costs would be applied to a shorter period of production, which would increase costs per ton produced and could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 We incur certain costs when production capacity is idled, as well as increased costs to resume production at previously idled facilities. 
 Our decisions concerning which facilities to operate and at what production levels are made based in part upon our customers orders for products, as well as the quality, performance capabilities and cost of our operations. During depressed market conditions, we may concentrate production at certain facilities and not operate others in response to customer demand or other reasons, and as a result we may incur idle costs that could offset our anticipated savings from not operating the idled facility. For example, due to increased scrap usage and reduced demand for iron ore pellets in our steelmaking operations, our Northshore mining and pelletizing facility has been temporarily idled since mid-2022, and we have continued to incur certain fixed costs at that facility during the idle period. We cannot predict whether our operations will experience additional similar or dissimilar disruptions in the future. When we restart idled facilities, we incur certain costs to replenish inventories, prepare the previously idled facilities for operation, perform the required repair and maintenance activities, and prepare employees to return to work safely and resume production responsibilities. The amount of any such costs could be significant, depending on a variety of factors, such as the period of idle time, necessary repairs and available employees, and is difficult to project. 
 We may not have adequate insurance coverage for some business risks. 
 Our operations are generally subject to a number of hazards and risks that could result in personal injury or damage to, or destruction of, equipment, properties or facilities. Depending on the nature and extent of a loss, the insurance that we maintain to address risks that are typical in our businesses may not be adequate or available to fully protect or reimburse us, or our insurance 
 25 | CLF 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 coverage may be limited, canceled or otherwise terminated. Insurance against some risks, such as liabilities for environmental pollution, tailings basin breaches, or certain hazards or interruption of certain business activities, may not be available at an economically reasonable cost, or at all. Even if available, we may self-insure or maintain high deductibles where we determine it is most cost effective to do so. As a result, despite the insurance coverage that we carry, accidents or other negative developments involving our production, mining, processing or transportation activities causing losses in excess of policy limits, or losses arising from events not covered under insurance policies or subject to substantial deductibles, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and cash flows. In addition, the potential increase in extreme weather events due to climate change or otherwise may adversely impact our access to cost effective insurance in the future. The risk of increased insurance costs may have greater impact where the adverse event results in us asserting an insurance claim, the cost of which our insurers may seek to recoup during a future insurance renewal through increased premiums or limitations on coverage. 
 V. SUSTAINABILITY AND DEVELOPMENT RISKS 
 As our customers, competitors and investors seek to reduce their carbon footprint, transition toward carbon neutrality and enhance the sustainability of their respective businesses, we face increased financial, regulatory, legal and reputational risks and potential loss of business opportunities because our operations utilize carbon-based energy sources and produce GHG emissions. 
 As described in detail in Part I - Item 1, Business - Environmental Matters - Regulatory Developments - Climate Change and GHG Regulations above, because our operations use carbon-based energy and produce GHG emissions, we are subject to a number of risks relating to decarbonization initiatives being undertaken by regulators and other stakeholders as part of global efforts to address the potential impacts of climate change. For example, as part of climate change mitigation strategies, federal, state or local governmental authorities may introduce mandatory carbon pricing obligations, carbon emissions limitations, carbon taxes or carbon trading mechanisms, any of which could impose significant costs on our operations, including causing us to incur higher energy and supplier costs, invest in costly and potentially unproven emissions control or reduction technologies, and engage in more intensive environmental monitoring and reporting efforts. In addition, complying with current or future international treaties and federal, state or local laws or regulations concerning climate change and GHG emissions could negatively impact our ability, and that of our customers and suppliers, to compete with companies located in areas not subject to or not complying with such constraints. We may also face more limited access to, or increased costs of, capital to the extent financial institutions and investors increase expectations relating to lowering GHG emissions or reduce investments in carbon-intensive businesses or industries. Further, increased pressure from customers or other business partners seeking to reduce their indirect carbon footprints and achieve certain overall decarbonization targets, including by sourcing a larger percentage of steel products from recycled steel, could result in the potential loss of business opportunities if we are unable to meet their carbon, GHG emissions or sustainability expectations, or if we are perceived to have higher GHG intensity than our competition. 
 In addition, as part of our decarbonization strategy, we are investigating and from time to time may consider investments in or other relationships with various renewable and clean energy initiatives. For example, we have recently been engaging in various discussions with other companies, universities and national research laboratories with the goal of leveraging potential funding available under the DOE's Regional Clean Hydrogen Hubs Funding Opportunity Announcement to develop and implement clean hydrogen solutions for our industrial applications in place of carbon-based natural gas. We have also been engaging with renewable energy developers on clean energy projects, including the recently announced 200-megawatt Headwaters III Wind Farm being proposed for construction in Indiana. While we are pursuing these energy-related projects with the aim of contributing to a greener power grid and lowering our GHG emissions in alignment with our announced target of a 25 reduction from 2017 levels by 2030, there are no guarantees that sufficient funding or the necessary advanced technology will be available to complete any of these projects under currently anticipated timeframes or at all. In addition, we may not be successful in achieving our current or any future short, medium or long-term GHG emissions reduction goals, including any net-zero or near-zero goals, due to adverse changes in business conditions over time, unanticipated financial challenges, operational improvement efforts like carbon capture and sequestration projects at certain of our facilities that may not be as successful as originally forecasted, or regulatory developments arising after such goals were initially announced. 
 In order to maintain consistent operational performance and foster growth in our businesses, we must maintain our social license to operate with our stakeholders. 
 Maintaining a strong reputation and consistent operational, environmental and safety track records is vital in order to continue to foster business growth and maintain our permission to operate. As stakeholders sustainability expectations increase and regulatory requirements continue to evolve, maintaining our social license to operate becomes increasingly important. Our ability to maintain our reputation and strong operating track record could be threatened, including by challenges relating to the integration of our recent acquisitions or by circumstances outside of our control, such as disasters caused or suffered by other companies in the steel and mining industries. Our social license to operate could also be adversely affected and claims have been and could continue to be made against us to the extent that environmental factors negatively impact local communities, such as air emissions, discharges to water, dust, odors, noise and other factors that are inherent in industrial activities like our steelmaking, cokemaking, scrap metal processing and mining operations, even if such activities are conducted in accordance with legal, regulatory and permit requirements. If we are not able to respond effectively to these and other challenges to our social license to operate, our reputation could be damaged significantly. Damage to our reputation or third-party claims initiated in response to our ongoing activities could adversely affect our continuity of operations, current and prospective business relationships, and ability to foster growth projects. 
 26 | CLF 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 We rely on estimates of our recoverable mineral reserves, which is complex due to geological characteristics of the properties and the number of assumptions made. 
 We regularly evaluate, and engage third-party QPs to review and validate, our mineral reserves based on revenues and costs and update them as required in accordance with SEC regulations. Estimates of mineral reserves and future net cash flows necessarily depend upon a number of variable factors and assumptions, some of which are beyond our control, such as production capacity, effects of governmental regulations, future prices for minerals we mine, future industry conditions and operating costs, severance and excise taxes, development costs, and costs of extraction and reclamation. Estimating the quantity and grade of mineral reserves requires us to determine the size, shape and depth of our mineralized bodies by analyzing geological data, such as samplings of drill holes, and a QP to review and validate our determinations. Estimated mineral reserves could be affected by future industry conditions, future changes in the SEC s mining property disclosure requirements, variation in geological conditions and ongoing mine planning. Actual volume and grade of reserves recovered, production rates, revenues on third-party sales and expenditures with respect to our reserves will likely vary from estimates, and if such variances are material, our sales and profitability could be adversely affected. 
 Defects in title or loss of any access rights or leasehold interests in our mining properties could limit our ability to mine these properties or result in significant unanticipated costs. 
 Many of our operations are conducted on properties we lease, license or as to which we have easements or other possessory interests. We generally do not maintain title insurance on our properties, and certain of our land access arrangements were negotiated many years ago and have not been updated. Any title defect, inability to negotiate future access rights required by our mine plans, or the loss of any lease, license, easement or other possessory interest for any mining property could adversely affect our ability to mine any associated reserves. In addition, from time to time the rights of third parties for competing uses of adjacent, overlying or underlying lands, such as for roads, easements, public facilities or other mining activities, may result in disputes and affect our ability to operate as planned if our title is not superior or mutually acceptable arrangements cannot be negotiated. Any challenge to or inability to establish our title or access could delay the exploration and development of some reserves, resources, deposits or surface rights, cause us to incur unanticipated costs, and could ultimately result in the loss of some or all of our interest in those properties. In the event we lose reserves, resources, deposits or surface rights, we may be required to shut down or significantly alter impacted mining operations, thereby affecting future production, internal supply patterns, revenues and cash flows. 
 VI. HUMAN CAPITAL RISKS 
 We depend on our senior management team and other key employees, and the loss of these employees could adversely affect our businesses. 
 Our success depends in part on our ability to attract, retain, develop and motivate our senior management and key employees. Achieving this objective may be difficult due to a variety of factors, including fluctuations in the global economic and industry conditions, competitors hiring practices, cost reduction activities, and the effectiveness of our compensation programs. Competition for qualified personnel can be intense. We must continue to recruit, retain, develop and motivate our senior management and key personnel in order to maintain our businesses and support our projects. A loss of senior management and key personnel could prevent us from capitalizing on business opportunities, and our operating results could be adversely affected. 
 Our profitability could be adversely affected if we fail to maintain satisfactory labor relations. 
 Our production is dependent upon the efforts of our employees. We are party to labor agreements with various labor unions that represent employees at the vast majority of our operations. Such labor agreements are negotiated periodically, and, therefore, we are subject to the risk that these agreements may not be able to be renewed on reasonably satisfactory terms. It is difficult to predict what issues may arise as part of the collective bargaining process, and whether negotiations concerning these issues will be successful. Due to union activities or other employee actions, we could experience labor disputes, work stoppages or other disruptions in our production that could affect us adversely. While we successfully negotiated all ten of our labor agreements that expired in 2022 covering over 15,000 represented employees, we have three labor agreements that will expire in 2023 and three labor agreements that will expire in 2024, and the outcomes of those labor negotiations are uncertain. If we enter into a new labor agreement with any union that significantly increases our labor costs relative to our competitors or fail to come to an agreement upon expiry, our ability to compete or continuity of production may be materially and adversely affected. 
 Our expenditures for pension and OPEB obligations could be materially higher than we have predicted if our underlying assumptions differ from actual outcomes, there are regulatory changes or other multiemployer contributors fail to perform their obligations that relate to employee pension plans. 
 We provide defined benefit pension plans, defined contribution and OPEB to certain eligible union and non-union employees. Our pension and OPEB expenses and our required contributions to our pension and OPEB plans are affected directly by the value of plan assets, the projected and actual rate of return on plan assets, and the actuarial assumptions we use to measure our defined benefit pension plan obligations, including the rate at which future obligations are discounted. We cannot predict whether changing market or economic conditions, regulatory changes or other factors will increase our pension and OPEB expenses or our funding obligations, diverting funds we would otherwise apply to other uses. 
 We have calculated our unfunded pension and OPEB obligations based on a number of assumptions. If our assumptions do not materialize as expected, cash expenditures and costs that we incur could be materially higher. Moreover, we cannot be certain that 
 27 | CLF 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 regulatory changes will not increase our obligations to provide these or additional benefits. These obligations also may increase substantially in the event of adverse medical cost trends or unexpected rates of early retirement, particularly for bargaining unit retirees. In addition, changes in the laws governing pensions could also materially adversely affect our costs and ability to meet our pension obligations. 
 We also contribute to certain multiemployer pension plans, including the Steelworkers Pension Trust, for which we are one of the largest contributing employers. If other contributors were to default on their obligations to contribute to any such plans, we could become liable for additional unfunded contributions to the plans. 
 In addition, some of the transactions in which we previously sold or otherwise disposed of our non-core assets included provisions transferring certain pension and other liabilities to the purchasers or acquirers of those assets. While we believe that all such transfers were completed properly and are legally binding, if the purchaser fails to fulfill its obligations, we may be at risk that a court, arbitrator or regulatory body could disagree and determine that we remain responsible for pension and other liabilities that we intended to and did transfer. 
 We may encounter labor shortages for critical operational positions, which could adversely affect our ability to produce our products. 
 We are predicting a long-term shortage of skilled workers in heavy industry, such as electricians, and in certain highly specialized IT roles, and competition for available workers limits our ability to attract and retain employees as well as engage third-party contractors. Due to the advanced age of much of our workforce, we may face potential labor shortages caused by senior employee attrition or otherwise, resulting in the loss of these experienced workers specialized institutional knowledge of our legacy businesses and systems, and we may have difficulty replacing them at competitive wages or at all. 
 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 We have no unresolved comments from the SEC. 
 28 | CLF 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 The following map shows the locations of our operations and corporate headquarters as of December 31, 2022: 
 CORPORATE OFFICES 
 We lease our corporate headquarters in Cleveland, Ohio. We also have leased office space in West Chester, Ohio; Chicago, Illinois; and Detroit, Michigan. We own office space located in Burns Harbor, Indiana and our Research and Innovation Center located in Middletown, Ohio. 
 STEELMAKING 
 Location Raw Material (Tons in millions) State Iron Ore Capacity (lt) HBI Capacity (mt) Coke Capacity (nt) Coal Capacity (nt) Scrap Capacity (mt) Hibbing Taconite MN l 7.0 Minorca MN l 3.0 Northshore MN l 5.0 Tilden MI l 7.0 United Taconite MN l 6.0 Toledo HBI OH l 1.9 Burns Harbor (Coke) IN l 1.8 Monessen PA l 0.3 Warren OH l 0.5 Princeton WV l 2.3 FPT Multiple l N/A 
 29 | CLF 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Location Raw Steel Processing and Finishing (Tons in millions) State BF-BOF EAF Configured Capacity (nt) Hot-Rolled Cold-Rolled Coated Stainless Electrical Plate Slab Other Burns Harbor IN l 
 5.0 l 
 l 
 l 
 l Burns Harbor Plate IN l Butler PA l 
 0.4 l Cleveland Works OH l 
 3.4 l 
 l l l Coatesville PA l 
 0.2 l l Columbus OH l Conshohocken PA l Coshocton OH l Dearborn Works MI l 
 3.0 l l l Gary Plate IN l Indiana Harbor Works IN l 
 4.0 l 
 l l l Mansfield Works OH l 
 0.5 l Middletown Works OH l 
 3.0 l 
 l l l l Piedmont NC l Riverdale IL l 
 0.7 l 
 Rockport Works IN l l l Steelton PA l 
 0.3 l Tek Kote IN l l Weirton WV l l Zanesville OH l 
 STEELMAKING AND FINISHING FACILITIES 
 Our primary steel producing and finishing facilities are located across Illinois, Indiana, Michigan, Ohio, Pennsylvania and West Virginia. We operate 7 blast furnaces and 5 EAFs on 9 properties. Finishing is completed on site at our integrated operations or at one of our 10 stand-alone processing and finishing facilities. In the aggregate, we have annual configured production capacity of approximately 20.5 million net tons of raw steel. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, our steelmaking facilities produced a total of 16.8 million and 18.3 million net tons of raw steel, respectively. 
 We indefinitely idled our Indiana Harbor #4 blast furnace in the second quarter of 2022, which had a production capacity of 2.1 million net tons of hot metal. The decision was based on the successful implementation of operational improvements, particularly the addition of significant amounts of HBI to the burden of our other blast furnaces and the maximization of scrap usage in BOFs. 
 We completed a reline of blast furnace #5 at Cleveland Works in the third quarter of 2022 along with other significant repairs and maintenance, such as work on the wastewater treatment plant and the onsite powerhouse. A reline is generally only performed once every 20 years. 
 SCRAP PROCESSING FACILITIES 
 Our scrap business consists of our subsidiary FPT, which has 22 locations in Michigan, Ohio, Tennessee, Florida and Ontario. These facilities are primarily located in Michigan and Ohio, which are in close proximity to our scrap consuming steel facilities. During the year ended December 31, 2022, FPT processed approximately 3 million net tons of scrap metal, of which approximately 50 of total output was prime grade. 
 DIRECT REDUCTION PLANT 
 Our direct reduction plant is located in Toledo, Ohio, is near an existing dock, and has rail access and heavy haul roads for operation logistics. We are leasing the property on which the plant is located. This plant produces a specialized high quality iron alternative to scrap and pig iron. It has annual capacity of 1.9 million metric tons of HBI per year. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, our direct reduction plant produced a total of 1.6 million and 1.4 million metric tons of HBI, respectively. 
 IRON ORE MINES AND PELLET PLANTS 
 The following information concerning our mining properties has been prepared in accordance with the requirements of subpart 1300 of Regulation S-K, which first became applicable to us for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. These requirements differ significantly from the previously applicable disclosure requirements of SEC Industry Guide 7. Among other differences, subpart 1300 of Regulation S-K requires us to disclose our mineral resources, in addition to our mineral reserves, as of the end of our most recently completed fiscal year both in the aggregate and for each of our individually material mining properties. 
 As used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the terms mineral resource, measured mineral resource, indicated mineral resource, inferred mineral resource, mineral reserve, proven mineral reserve and probable mineral reserve are defined and used in accordance with subpart 1300 of Regulation S-K. Under subpart 1300 of Regulation S-K, mineral resources may not be classified as mineral reserves unless the determination has been made by a QP that the mineral resources can be the basis of an 
 30 | CLF 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 economically viable project. You are specifically cautioned not to assume that any part or all of the mineral deposits (including any mineral resources) in these categories will ever be converted into mineral reserves, as defined by the SEC. 
 You are cautioned that, except for that portion of mineral resources classified as mineral reserves, mineral resources do not have demonstrated economic value. Estimates of inferred mineral resources have too high of a degree of uncertainty as to their existence and may not be converted to a mineral reserve. Therefore, you are cautioned not to assume that all or any part of an inferred mineral resource exists, that it can be the basis of an economically viable project, or that it will ever be upgraded to a higher category. Likewise, you are cautioned not to assume that all or any part of measured or indicated mineral resources will ever be converted to mineral reserves. 
 See Part I Item 1A, Risk Factors V. Sustainability and Development Risks - We rely on estimates of our recoverable mineral reserves, which is complex due to geological characteristics of the properties and the number of assumptions made . 
 The information that follows relating to the Hibbing, Minorca, Northshore, Tilden and United Taconite iron ore mines is derived, for the most part, from, and in some instances is an extract from, the Technical Report Summaries relating to such properties prepared in compliance with Item 601(b)(96) and subpart 1300 of Regulation S-K. Portions of the following information are based on assumptions, qualifications and procedures that are not fully described herein. Reference should be made to the full text of the Technical Report Summaries, which are filed as Exhibits 96.1 through 96.5 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K and are incorporated by reference herein. 
 All of our iron ore mining operations are open-pit mines. Additional development is underway as required by long-range mine plans. Drilling programs are conducted periodically to collect geologic modeling data and for refining ongoing operations. 
 Geologic models are developed for all mines to define the major ore and waste rock types. Computerized block models for iron ore are constructed that include all relevant geologic and metallurgical data. These are used to generate grade and tonnage estimates, followed by detailed mine design and LoM operating schedules. 
 We currently own or co-own and operate five production-stage iron ore mines in Michigan and Minnesota, as well as one indefinitely idled mine in Michigan. Following the AM USA Transaction, we now have an aggregate annual production capacity of approximately 28 million long tons of iron ore pellets, including our 85.3 share of the Hibbing mine production. Our iron ore mines produce from deposits located within the Biwabik and Negaunee Iron Formation, which are classified as Lake Superior type iron formations that formed under similar sedimentary conditions in shallow marine basins approximately two billion years ago. Magnetite and hematite are the predominant iron oxide ore minerals present, with lesser amounts of goethite and limonite. Quartz is the predominant waste mineral present, with lesser amounts of other chiefly iron bearing silicate and carbonate minerals. The ore minerals liberate from the waste minerals upon fine grinding. 
 The following represents iron ore production for the last three fiscal years: 
 Iron Ore Production (In millions of long tons) 2022 2021 2020 Hibbing 1 
 5 7 2 Minorca 1 
 3 3 Northshore 2 
 1 5 4 Tilden 6 7 6 United Taconite 5 5 5 Total 20 27 17 1 Tonnage shown is reflective of ownership percentage during respective periods. 
 2 In the second quarter of 2022, we temporarily idled our Northshore operations. It is anticipated that the Northshore mine will restart no earlier than the second quarter of 2023. 
 
 The following provides an overview of our iron ore properties: 
 All the infrastructure necessary to mine and process significant commercial quantities of iron ore is currently in place at all of our mine locations. Infrastructure items include high voltage electrical supplies, natural gas pipelines that connect to the North American distribution system, water sources, paved roads and highways, railroads for transporting crude ore and finished products, port facilities that connect to the Great Lakes, and accommodations for employees. Local and state infrastructure also includes hospitals, schools, airports, equipment suppliers, fuel suppliers, commercial laboratories and communication systems. Labor is readily available with major population centers within 25 miles of all of our properties. 
 All of our iron ore mining operations grant leases, licenses and easements for various purposes, including miscellaneous community land uses, utility infrastructure and other third-party uses, that encumber our properties but do not materially inhibit operations. Certain assets also serve as collateral securing obligations under our ABL Facility and our senior secured notes. We maintain the requisite state and federal permits and are in material compliance with all material permits. 
 HIBBING 
 Hibbing (85.3 owned) is located immediately north of the city of Hibbing, Minnesota in the center of Minnesota s Mesabi Iron Range. The mining and processing operation is located between latitude 47 25 48 N and 47 31 48 N and longitude 93 04 54 W and 92 54 36 W. 
 31 | CLF 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Mining began in 1976 as a joint venture between Bethlehem Steel Corporation and Steel Company of Canada. Cliffs first became involved in the joint venture when it purchased Pickands Mather's 15 share in 1986. Prior to the AM USA Transaction, we owned 23 of Hibbing, ArcelorMittal USA had a 62.3 interest and U.S. Steel had a 14.7 interest. On December 9, 2020, as a result of the AM USA Transaction, we acquired an additional 62.3 ownership stake in the Hibbing mine and became the majority owner and mine manager. 
 Hibbing holds 30,670 acres of surface rights, of which 1,150 acres are associated with mineral leases. The majority of the mineral rights are leased. The property is comprised of 6,320 acres of mineral leases expiring between 2023 and 2056. Leases are maintained by making minimum prepaid royalty payments. Mining leases routinely are renegotiated and renewed as they approach their respective expiration dates. 
 The operation includes an open pit truck and shovel mine, a concentrator that utilizes single stage crushing, AG mills and magnetic separation to produce a magnetite concentrate, which is then delivered to an on-site pellet plant. From the site, pellets are transported by BNSF (Burlington Northern Santa Fe, LLC) rail to a ship loading port at Superior, Wisconsin, operated by BNSF. 
 The book value of Hibbing's long-lived assets was 151 million as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 For more information, see Exhibit 96.1, the Technical Report Summary on the Hibbing Taconite Property, Minnesota, USA, prepared for the Company by the QP, SLR, with an effective date of December 31, 2021. 
 MINORCA 
 Minorca (100 owned) is located in the center of Minnesota s Mesabi Iron Range. The Laurentian Pit is located near the City of Gilbert, Minnesota at latitude 47 30'0"N and longitude 92 26 30"W, East 1 Pit is located at latitude 47 31'30"N and longitude 92 23 30"W, and East 2 Pit is located just west of the City of Biwabik at latitude 47 32'0"N and longitude 92 22 30"W. The Minorca plant is located approximately seven miles to the northeast, near the town of Virginia, Minnesota at latitude 47 33'30"N and longitude 92 31.5'30"W. 
 Operations commenced in 1976 as an asset of Inland Steel Company. In 1998, Ispat International purchased Inland Steel and, in 2004, merged with LNM Holdings and International Steel Group to form Mittal Steel, which in 2007 merged with Arcelor to form ArcelorMittal. Minorca has been wholly owned by Cliffs since the 2020 AM USA Transaction. 
 
 Minorca holds 13,690 acres of surface rights, of which 282 acres are associated with mineral leases. 100 of the mineral rights are leased. The property is comprised of 3,135 acres of mineral leases expiring between 2035 and 2056. Leases are maintained by making minimum prepaid royalty payments. Mining leases routinely are renegotiated and renewed as they approach their respective expiration dates. 
 The operation includes a concentrating and pelletizing facility, along with two open pit iron ore mines located approximately seven miles from the processing facilities. The processing operations consist of a crushing facility, a three-line concentration facility and a single-line straight grate pelletizing plant. Pellets are transported by CN rail to ports on Lake Superior. 
 The book value of Minorca's long-lived assets was 214 million as of December 31, 2022. 
 For more information, see Exhibit 96.2, Technical Report Summary on the Minorca Property, Minnesota, USA, prepared for the Company by the QP, SLR, with an effective date of December 31, 2021. 
 32 | CLF 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 NORTHSHORE 
 Northshore's (100 owned) mine is located on the northeastern edge of the Mesabi Iron Range in northeastern Minnesota, approximately four miles southeast of Babbitt, Minnesota at latitude 47 40'12.15"N and longitude 91 53'1.28"W. The processing facility is approximately 41 miles to the southeast and immediately adjacent to the city of Silver Bay in Lake County, Minnesota at latitude 47 17'38.95"N and longitude 91 15'23.38"W. 
 Operations commenced in 1952 as an asset of the Reserve Mining Company and continued production until 1986 when Reserve Mining declared bankruptcy. Cyprus Minerals Company purchased the facilities in 1989. Cyprus subsequently sold the facilities to Cliffs in 1994. 
 Northshore holds 28,041 acres of surface rights, of which 8,966 acres are associated with mineral leases. 100 of the mineral rights are leased. The property is comprised of 10,356 acres of mineral leases. Some leases do not expire until the mineral reserves are exhausted while others expire between 2034 and 2075. Leases are maintained by making minimum prepaid royalty payments. Mining leases routinely are renegotiated and renewed as they approach their respective expiration dates. 

The operation includes an open pit truck and shovel mine where two stages of crushing occur before the ore is transported along a wholly owned 47-mile rail line to the plant site in Silver Bay. At the plant site, two additional stages of crushing occur before the ore is sent to the concentrator. The concentrator utilizes rod mills and magnetic separation to produce a magnetite concentrate, which is delivered to the pellet plant located on-site. The plant can produce both standard and DR-grade pellets. The plant site has its own ship loading port located on Lake Superior. 
 The book value of Northshore's long-lived assets was 243 million as of December 31, 2022. 
 For more information, see Exhibit 96.3, Technical Report Summary on the Northshore Property, Minnesota, USA, prepared for the Company by the QP, SLR, with an effective date of December 31, 2021. 
 TILDEN 
 Tilden (100 owned) is located in Marquette County in Michigan s Upper Peninsula, on the Marquette Iron Range, approximately five miles south of the city of Ishpeming, Michigan at latitude 46 29' N and longitude 87 40' W. 
 
 The property commenced operations in 1974 under a partnership of Algoma Steel, Stelco, J L Steel, Wheeling-Pittsburgh Steel, Sharon Steel, and The Cleveland-Cliffs Iron Company. The property has since been at least partially in the possession of a subsidiary of Cliffs. In 2001, Cliffs acquired Algoma Steel's 45 interest in Tilden. In 2017, Cliffs became the sole owner of Tilden. 
 Tilden holds 21,100 acres of surface rights and leases 2,470 acres of mineral rights expiring between 2061 and 2070. Leases are maintained by making minimum prepaid royalty payments. Mining leases routinely are renegotiated and renewed as they approach their respective expiration dates. 
 Operations include an open pit truck and shovel mine, a concentrator that utilizes single stage crushing, AG mills, and floatation to produce hematite concentrates that are then supplied to the on-site pellet plant. From the site, pellets are transported by our LS I (Lake Superior Ishpeming Railroad Company) rail to a ship loading port at Marquette, Michigan, operated by LS I. 
 The book value of Tilden's long-lived assets was 233 million as of December 31, 2022. 
 For more information, see Exhibit 96.5, Technical Report Summary on the Tilden Property, Michigan, USA, prepared for the Company by the QP, SLR, with an effective date of December 31, 2021. 
 33 | CLF 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 UNITED TACONITE 
 United Taconite's (100 owned) mine and offices are located on Minnesota's Mesabi Iron Range just north of Eveleth, Minnesota at latitude 47 29'1.62" N, longitude 92 32'23.69" W. The processing facilities are located approximately eight miles to the southeast. 
 The property commenced operations as an asset of Eveleth Taconite Company in 1965 before it was purchased by United Taconite (70 Cliffs and 30 Laiwu Steel) in December 2003. The Property has been a wholly owned subsidiary of Cliffs since 2008. 
 United Taconite owns 14,199 acres of surface rights, of which 703 acres are associated with mineral leases. An additional 145 acres of surface rights are leased from the State of Minnesota. We lease 100 of the mineral rights comprising of 4,908 acres expiring between 2037 and 2066, with the exception of the State of Minnesota mineral lease, which expires in 2027. Leases are maintained by making minimum prepaid royalty payments. Mining leases routinely are renegotiated and renewed as they approach their respective expiration dates. 
 Operations include an open pit truck and shovel mine where two stages of crushing occur before the ore is transported by rail, operated by CN, to the plant site. At the plant site an additional stage of crushing occurs before the ore is sent to the concentrator. The concentrator utilizes rod mills and magnetic separation to produce a magnetite concentrate, which is delivered to the on-site pellet plant. From the plant site, pellets are transported by CN rail to a ship loading port at Duluth, MN, operated by CN. 
 The book value of United Taconite's long-lived assets was 568 million as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 For more information, see Exhibit 96.4, Technical Report Summary on the United Taconite Property, Minnesota, USA, prepared for the Company by the QP, SLR, with an effective date of December 31, 2021. 
 MINERAL RESOURCES 
 Mineral resources are defined under Item 1300 of Regulation S-K as a concentration or occurrence of material of economic interest in or on the Earth s crust in such form, grade or quality, and quantity that there are reasonable prospects for economic extraction. A mineral resource is a reasonable estimate of mineralization, taking into account relevant factors such as cut-off grade, likely mining dimensions, location or continuity that, with the assumed justifiable technical and economic conditions, is likely to, in whole or part, become economically extractable. 
 A detailed breakdown of the mineral resources exclusive of mineral reserves is presented in the table below. Mineral resources were defined and constrained within open-pit shells, prepared by Cliffs, and based on a US 90.00/WLT pellet price, while meeting defined cut-off grade criteria and existing pellet specifications. All mineral resource estimates were reviewed and validated by the QP, SLR. 
 34 | CLF 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 The following represents iron ore mineral resources, exclusive of mineral reserves, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 Iron Ore Mineral Resources Measured Indicated Measured + Indicated Process Inferred (In millions of long tons) Tonnage Grade Tonnage Grade Tonnage Grade Recovery Tonnage Grade Total Iron Ore 1,351 22.5 1,483 23.6 2,834 23.1 31 420 32.4 Michigan 135 35.5 135 35.5 36 350 34.7 Minnesota 1,351 22.5 1,348 22.4 2,699 22.4 31 70 21.0 Hibbing 1 
 8 19.2 1 18.7 9 19.2 25 Minorca 484 22.9 317 22.9 801 22.9 33 30 21.1 Northshore 767 22.1 391 22.4 1,158 22.2 26 14 19.8 Tilden 135 35.5 135 35.5 36 350 34.7 United Taconite 92 23.6 639 22.2 731 22.4 32 26 21.5 1 Hibbing is reported at 85.3 based on our ownership level. 
 Reference point selected is the saleable tons based on the process recovery. 
 Process recovery may change based on the required saleable product mix and is reported as wet product percentage. 
 Mineral resources are estimated using the following cut-off grades: 25 FeT for Tilden hematite; 15 magnetic Fe for Northshore; 16 magnetic Fe for Minorca; 17 magnetic Fe for United Taconite; and 13 magnetic Fe for Hibbing. 
 Tonnage is reported in long tons equivalent to 2,240 pounds and has been rounded to the nearest 100,000. Mineral resources are reported at a 90.00/lt wet standard pellet price freight-on-board (FOB) Lake Superior, which is based on the mine planning model's three-year trailing average of the realized product revenue rate. 
 We did not have any material changes to our mineral resources during 2022. The material assumptions and criteria used for the mineral resource estimates, including but not limited to leases, permits and geotechnical pit design, are covered in more detail in Sections 11 through 13 of the respective Technical Report Summaries filed as Exhibits 96.1 through 96.5 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 MINERAL RESERVES 
 Mineral reserves are defined under Item 1300 of Regulation S-K as an estimate of tonnage and grade or quality of indicated and measured mineral resources that, in the opinion of the QP, can be the basis of an economically viable project. More specifically, it is the economically mineable part of a measured or indicated mineral resource, which includes diluting materials and allowances for losses that may occur when the material is mined or extracted. 
 Proven mineral reserves are defined under Item 1300 of Regulation S-K as the economically mineable part of a measured mineral resource and can only result from conversion of a measured mineral resource. Probable mineral reserves are defined under Item 1300 of Regulation S-K as the economically mineable part of an indicated and, in some cases, a measured mineral resource. All mineral reserves are classified as proven or probable and are supported by LoM plans. 
 Mineral reserves are based on pricing that does not exceed the three-year trailing average index price of iron pellets adjusted to realized price. We evaluate and analyze, and engage QPs to review and verify, mineral reserves in accordance with our mineral policy and SEC requirements and then complete updated LoM plans. The table below identifies the year in which the latest updated LoM plan was completed. 
 Mineral reserves estimates for our iron mines are constrained by fully designed open pits developed using three-dimensional modeling techniques. These open pits incorporate design slopes, practical mining shapes and access ramps to assure the accuracy of our mineral reserve estimates. All operations' mineral reserves have been adjusted net of production through year-end 2022. All mineral reserves estimates as of December 31, 2021 were reviewed and validated by the QP, SLR. 
 35 | CLF 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 The following represents iron ore mineral reserves as of December 31, 2022: 
 Iron Ore Mineral Reserves as of December 31, 2022 
 Last LoM Plan Proven Probable Proven Probable Process (In millions of long tons) Reserve Analysis Tonnage Grade Tonnage Grade Tonnage Grade Recovery Total Iron Ore 593 23.8 1,665 26.5 2,258 25.8 32 Michigan 4 35.3 500 34.7 504 34.7 37 Minnesota 589 23.7 1,165 23.0 1,754 23.2 31 Hibbing 1 
 2021 67 18.7 8 18.7 75 18.7 26 Minorca 2021 95 23.7 7 25.1 102 23.8 34 Northshore 2020 299 25.3 519 24.1 818 24.6 29 Tilden 2021 4 35.3 500 34.7 504 34.7 37 United Taconite 2019 128 23.1 631 22.1 759 22.3 33 1 Hibbing is reported at 85.3 based on our ownership level. 
 Reference point selected by the QP is the saleable tons based on the process recovery. 
 Process recovery may change based on the required saleable product mix and is reported as wet product percentage. 
 Mineral reserves are estimated using the following cut-off grades: 25 FeT for Tilden hematite; 19 magnetic Fe for Northshore; 16 magnetic Fe for Minorca; 17 magnetic Fe for United Taconite; and 13 magnetic Fe for Hibbing. 
 Tonnage is reported in long tons equivalent to 2,240 pounds and has been rounded to the nearest 100,000. Mineral reserves are classified as probable if not scheduled within the first 20 years. Mineral reserves are reported at a 90.00/lt wet standard pellet price freight-on-board (FOB) Lake Superior, which is based on the mine planning model's three-year trailing average of the realized product revenue rate. 
 The material assumptions and criteria used for the mineral reserves estimates, including but not limited to leases, permits and geotechnical pit design, are covered in more detail in Sections 11 through 13 of the respective Technical Report Summaries filed as Exhibits 96.1 through 96.5 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 36 | CLF 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 For comparison purposes, the following represents iron ore mineral reserves as of December 31, 2021: 
 Iron Ore Mineral Reserves as of December 31, 2021 
 Proven Probable Proven Probable Process (In millions of long tons) Tonnage Grade Tonnage Grade Tonnage Grade Recovery Total Iron Ore 638 23.6 1,682 26.6 2,320 25.8 33 Michigan 4 35.3 516 34.7 520 34.7 37 Minnesota 634 23.5 1,166 23.0 1,800 23.2 31 Hibbing 1 
 85 18.7 8 18.7 93 18.7 25 Minorca 103 23.6 7 25.3 110 23.7 34 Northshore 303 25.3 519 24.1 822 24.6 29 Tilden 4 35.3 516 34.7 520 34.7 37 United Taconite 143 23.1 632 22.1 775 22.3 33 1 Hibbing is reported at 85.3 based on our ownership level. 
 Reference point selected by the QP is the saleable tons based on the process recovery. 
 Process recovery may change based on the required saleable product mix and is reported as wet product percentage. 
 Mineral reserves are estimated using the following cut-off grades: 25 FeT for Tilden hematite; 19 magnetic Fe for Northshore; 16 magnetic Fe for Minorca; 17 magnetic Fe for United Taconite; and 15 magnetic Fe for Hibbing. 
 Tonnage is reported in long tons equivalent to 2,240 pounds and has been rounded to the nearest 100,000. Mineral Reserves are classified as probable if not scheduled within the first 20 years. Mineral Reserves are reported at a 90.00/lt wet standard pellet price freight-on-board (FOB) Lake Superior, which is based on the mine planning model's three-year trailing average of the realized product revenue rate. 
 Overall, mineral reserves estimates as of December 31, 2022, as compared to the prior-year period, decreased by 3 , which was driven by mining depletion. 
 INTERNAL CONTROLS DISCLOSURE 
 We demonstrated repeated attainment of annual production and quality targets for at least 40 years at each material iron ore mine operated by the Company. Internal controls the Company uses in its industry-standard approach to exploration and mineral resource and reserve estimation efforts are governed by its Mineral Reserve and Mineral Resource Estimation Policy and are detailed in Cliffs minimum operating standards for Resource Estimation and Strategic Mine Planning. The controls include: confirmation of drill collar locations and drill hole traces, drill logging and sample collection and security, database verification and security, QA/QC programs, internal and third-party QP statistical analysis, third-party QP model validation, and reconciliation. Modeling and analysis of the Company s resources has been developed by Company personnel or third-party consultant SLR and reviewed by internal management and the external independent QP, SLR. Reserve estimations have been completed by Company personnel and reviewed by internal management and the QP, SLR. 
 Drill hole collar surveying methods have evolved with advancements in technology, moving from optical methods to global positioning system, which is currently in use. For the deposit type, all survey methods used for the collar locations are expected to provide adequate accuracy for the drill hole locations. Due to the relatively shallow depth and vertical nature of drill holes at Cliffs Minnesota mining operations, downhole deviation surveys are typically not conducted. Drill holes pierce the generally shallow-dipping, tabular iron formation at near perpendicular angles. At the more geologically and structurally complex Tilden mine in Michigan, where drilling deeper than 500 feet is required, downhole surveys have moved from a clay-impression procedure to the gyroscopic method currently in use. 
 Drill core is transported directly from the drill rig to each site s core logging facility by either the drilling contractor or Cliffs personnel. Temporary core storage is located at each site s secure logging facility. Depending on the mining operation, unused sample reserves, parts, concentrates and splits are securely stored in labeled boxes or barrels at a Cliffs laboratory facility or logging facility, or via a contracted external laboratory. 
 Cliffs' QA/QC programs are site-specific and range from in-development to well-developed, long standing protocols that involve formal procedures for the use of crude material standards developed from on-site material, as well as regularly inserted coarse and concentrate duplicate samples, control chart analysis and reporting. Cliffs typically uses internal and external labs for geometallurgical analyses that are accredited with ASQ/ANSI ISO-9001:2015 (American Society for Quality/American National Standards Institute) for their system of quality management. Quality sample results are monitored and enacted on where warranted. Also, Cliffs has implemented a drill campaign reporting practice to ensure results are documented, with defined and illustrated failure metrics, outcomes of investigations, comparisons with previous year s results and recommendations. The QP, SLR, reviewed Cliffs' QA/QC practices and provided recommendations for further work. Where QA/QC programs are still in 
 37 | CLF 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 development and prior to resource estimation, Cliffs conducted data verification studies utilizing a suite of blind crude ore standards and blind duplicates from historical sample reserves within the LoM plan. Where unaccredited labs provided data used in resource estimation, check lab studies were initiated to verify analytical results. Cliffs is currently working toward aligning QA/QC protocols at each mine to the Company s current best practice. 
 Cliffs maintains exploration drill hole data in an externally-managed, access-controlled acQuire database that is backed up online at regularly scheduled intervals to provide data redundancy and security. Certification of database integrity is accomplished by both visual and statistical inspections comparing geology, assay values and survey locations cross-referenced back to laboratory data and geologic logs. Any discrepancies identified are corrected by referring to hard-copy assay and core log information archived in Cliffs' Mine Engineering department file cabinets. Prior to modeling, a secondary validation check is completed using built-in data validation routines in the modeling software. 
 Cliffs performs routine drill hole database verification with every new drilling program and new block model build, including: check of unique drill hole identifications and collar coordinates; check of assay or lithology points extending past the specified maximum depth of drill hole; check of abnormal dips and azimuths of downhole drill hole surveys; check of negative, overlapping and missing intervals; and check of incorrect lithologic codes and assay values. 
 In 2020 and 2021, Cliffs' geologists completed data verification exercises within the LoM plan area for each mining operation. This was audited by the QP, SLR, to assess accuracy and completeness. Database values were checked against source documents including collar surveys, geologic logs and assay certificates. Data verification included collar coordinates, depth intervals of geologic units and assay samples, and results of geometallurgical analyses applied to mineral resource estimation and mine planning. 
 Cliffs mineral resource estimates were validated by the QP, SLR, using standard industry techniques including statistical comparisons with composite samples and parallel nearest neighbor estimates, swath plots, as well as visual reviews in cross-section and plan. A visual review comparing blocks to drill holes for key economic variables, completed after the block modeling work, was performed to ensure general lithologic and analytical conformance. Cliffs mining operations have demonstrated good agreement between planned and actual product produced over more than 40 years for each operation. 
 Cliffs classifies the mineral resources based primarily on drill hole spacing and influenced by geologic continuity, ranges of economic criteria and reconciliation. Some post-processing is undertaken to ensure spatial consistency and remove isolated and fringe blocks. The resource area for each operation is limited by a polygon and subsequent pit shell based on practical mining limits. To ensure that all mineral resource statements satisfy the reasonable prospects for economic extraction requirement, in the definition of the mineral resources under Item 1300 of Regulation S-K, factors significant to technical feasibility and potential economic viability are considered (e.g., ability to obtain permits and legal and land tenure considerations). Mineral resources are defined and constrained within optimized, open-pit shells, prepared by Cliffs and reviewed by the QP, SLR, and based on a US 90.00/WLT pellet value and target pellet iron content. 
 Grade and tonnage reconciliations are run on current production versus modeled production, which provides insight on the accuracy of the modeled assay data versus actual production for each mining operation. 
 For a discussion of comprehensive risk inherent in the estimation of mineral reserves, see Part I - Item 1A, Risk Factors - V. Sustainability and Development Risks - We rely on estimates of our recoverable mineral reserves, which is complex due to the geological characteristics of the properties and the number of assumptions made. 
 COAL MINING AND COKEMAKING 
 Princeton is a coal mining complex located in West Virginia that specializes in surface and underground mining of metallurgical coal to produce coke and pulverized coal injection coal. We have annual rated metallurgical coal production capacity of 2.3 million net tons from our Princeton mine. In 2022, the mine produced 1.5 million net tons of coal. We own 100 of the Princeton mine, which has been operating since 1995. We own 60 of the mineral rights and lease 40 via multiple mineral leases having varying expiration dates. Mining leases routinely are renegotiated and renewed as they approach their respective expiration dates. Princeton's operations consist of three open-pit surface mines, two underground mines, a preparation plant and two rail loadouts. 
 Our Monessen and Warren facilities produce furnace coke and related by-products in Monessen, Pennsylvania and Warren, Ohio, respectively. We also operate a cokemaking facility located within Burns Harbor. These facilities have an aggregate annual rated capacity of 2.6 million net tons. In 2022, our cokemaking facilities produced 2.1 million net tons of coke. 
 As a result of our internal usage of HBI, coupled with our ongoing evaluation of coke use strategies, we idled our coke facility at Middletown Works during the third quarter of 2021 and permanently closed our Mountain State Carbon coke plant in the first quarter of 2022. 
 OTHER BUSINESSES 
 Our Tubular operating segment consists of our subsidiary Tubular Components, which has plants in Walbridge, Ohio and Columbus, Indiana. The Walbridge plant operates six electric resistance welded tube mills on owned property. The Columbus plant operates five electric resistance welded tube mills and four high-speed cold saws on leased property. 
 Our Tooling and Stamping operating segment consists of our subsidiary Tooling and Stamping and its related companies, which provides advanced-engineered solutions, tool design and build, hot- and cold-stamped steel components and complex assemblies for the automotive market across ten plants, of which certain of these are under long-term lease agreements, in Ontario, Alabama, Kentucky and Tennessee. Its facilities feature eight large-bed, hot-stamping presses, providing 14 lines of production; 82 cold- 
 38 | CLF 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 stamping presses ranging from 150 net tons to 3,000 net tons of pressing capacity; 18 large-bed, high-tonnage tryout presses with prove-out capabilities for new tool builds; and 151 multi-axis welding assembly cells. Our newly constructed facility in Tennessee began production in the third quarter of 2022. 
 Our European operating segment consists of trading companies that buy and sell steel, steel products and other materials. 
 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS RELATING TO OUR BUSINESS 
 JSW Steel Litigation. On June 8, 2021, JSW Steel filed a complaint against Cleveland-Cliffs Inc., AK Steel Holding Corporation (now known as Cleveland-Cliffs Steel Holding Corporation), Nucor Corporation and U.S. Steel in the United States District Court for the Southern District of Texas. JSW Steel alleges that the defendants engaged in a group boycott against JSW Steel in violation of federal and Texas antitrust laws by refusing to sell semi-finished steel slabs to JSW Steel, beginning in 2018 and continuing through the present; civil conspiracy among the defendants; and tortious interference with JSW Steel s contractual rights and business relations involving its vendors and customers. JSW Steel s allegations involve the tariffs and quotas imposed on steel imports by the U.S. government under Section 232 beginning in March 2018, which JSW Steel alleges raised the price of imported slabs, and statements made to the U.S. government related to exemption requests submitted by JSW Steel in 2018 and 2021. JSW Steel further claims that this alleged anticompetitive conduct negatively impacted JSW Steel s costs, production and revenues and prevented it from pursuing expansion plans at its Ohio and Texas facilities that would compete with the defendants. JSW Steel is seeking to hold the defendants jointly and severally liable for treble damages in an amount in excess of 500 million and other relief. On February 17, 2022, the district court granted the defendants' Motions to Dismiss in their entirety and dismissed all of JSW's claims with prejudice. On March 16, 2022, JSW filed a notice of appeal to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit, and oral arguments on the appeal were held on February 6, 2023. We continue to believe the claims asserted against us are without merit, and we are vigorously defending against them. 
 Mesabi Metallics Adversary Proceeding. On September 7, 2017, Mesabi Metallics Company LLC (f/k/a Essar Steel Minnesota LLC) ("Mesabi Metallics") filed a complaint against Cleveland-Cliffs Inc. in the Essar Steel Minnesota LLC and ESML Holdings Inc. bankruptcy proceeding that is pending in the United States Bankruptcy Court, District of Delaware. Mesabi Metallics alleges tortious interference with its contractual rights and business relations involving certain vendors, suppliers and contractors, violations of federal and Minnesota antitrust laws through monopolization, attempted monopolization and restraint of trade, violation of the automatic stay, and civil conspiracy with unnamed DOE defendants. Mesabi Metallics amended its complaint to add additional defendants, including, among others, our subsidiary, Cleveland-Cliffs Minnesota Land Development Company LLC ("Cliffs Minnesota Land"), and to add additional claims, including avoidance and recovery of unauthorized post-petition transfers of real estate interests, claims disallowance, civil contempt and declaratory relief. Mesabi Metallics seeks, among other things, unspecified damages and injunctive relief. Cliffs and Cliffs Minnesota Land filed counterclaims against Mesabi Metallics, Chippewa Capital Partners ("Chippewa"), and Thomas M. Clarke ("Clarke") for tortious interference and civil conspiracy, as well as additional claims against Chippewa and Clarke for aiding and abetting tortious interference, for which we seek, among other things, damages and injunctive relief. Our counterclaim against Clarke for libel was dismissed on jurisdictional grounds. The parties filed various dispositive motions on certain of the claims, including a motion for partial summary judgment to settle a dispute over real estate transactions between Cliffs Minnesota Land and Glacier Park Iron Ore Properties LLC ("GPIOP"). A ruling in favor of Cliffs, Cliffs Minnesota Land and GPIOP was issued on July 23, 2018, finding that Mesabi Metallics' leases had terminated and upholding Cliffs' and Cliffs Minnesota Land's purchase and lease of the contested real estate interests. Mesabi Metallics filed a Motion for Leave to File an Interlocutory Appeal, which was denied on September 10, 2019. Discovery is ongoing. We believe the claims asserted against us are without merit, and we intend to continue to vigorously defend against all remaining claims in the lawsuit. 
 Certain Legacy Legal Proceedings Relating to our Steel Operations . Certain of our acquired subsidiaries have been named as defendants, among many other named defendants, in numerous lawsuits filed since 1990 claiming injury allegedly resulting from exposure to asbestos. Similar lawsuits seeking monetary relief continue to be filed in various jurisdictions in the U.S., which cases are vigorously defended. Although predictions about the outcome of pending litigation is subject to uncertainties, based upon present knowledge, we believe it is unlikely that the resolution in the aggregate of these claims will have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS RELATING TO ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS 
 SEC regulations require us to disclose certain information about administrative or judicial proceedings involving the environment and to which a governmental authority is a party if we reasonably believe that such proceedings may result in monetary sanctions above a stated threshold. Pursuant to SEC regulations, we use a threshold of 1 million for purposes of determining whether disclosure of any such proceedings is required. We believe that this threshold is reasonably designed to result in disclosure of any such proceedings that are material to our business or financial condition. 
 Information for this item relating to certain other environmental proceedings may be found under the heading Burns Harbor Water Issues in NOTE 20 - COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES to the consolidated financial statements in Part II Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data , which information is incorporated herein by reference. 
 39 | CLF 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 We are committed to protecting the occupational health and well-being of each of our employees. Safety is one of our core values, and we strive to ensure that safe production is the first priority for all employees. Our internal objective is to achieve zero injuries and incidents across the Company by focusing on proactively identifying needed prevention activities, establishing standards and evaluating performance to mitigate any potential loss to people, equipment, production and the environment. We have implemented intensive employee training that is geared toward maintaining a high level of awareness and knowledge of safety and health issues in the work environment through the development and coordination of requisite information, skills and attitudes. We believe that through these policies, we have developed an effective safety management system. 
 Under the Dodd-Frank Act, each operator of a coal or other mine is required to include certain mine safety information within its periodic reports filed with the SEC. As required by the reporting requirements included in 1503(a) of the Dodd-Frank Act and Item 104 of Regulation S-K, the information concerning mine safety and health or other regulatory matters for each of our mine locations that are covered under the scope of the Dodd-Frank Act is included in Exhibit 95 of Part IV ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 40 | CLF 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 STOCK EXCHANGE INFORMATION 
 Our common shares (ticker symbol CLF) are listed on the NYSE (New York Stock Exchange). 
 HOLDERS 
 At February 13, 2023, we had 2,528 shareholders of record. 
 SHAREHOLDER RETURN PERFORMANCE 
 The following graph shows changes over the past five-year period in the value of 100 invested in: (1) Cliffs' common shares; (2) S P 500 Index; (3) S P Metals and Mining Select Industry Index; and (4) S P MidCap 400 Index. The values of each investment are based on price change plus reinvestment of all dividends reported to shareholders, based on monthly granularity. 
 
 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Cleveland-Cliffs Inc. Return 6.66 12.60 77.46 49.52 (26.00) Cumulative 100.00 106.66 120.09 213.12 318.65 235.81 S P 500 Index Return (4.39) 31.48 18.39 28.68 (18.13) Cumulative 100.00 95.61 125.70 148.81 191.48 156.77 S P Metals and Mining Select Industry Index Return (26.76) 14.70 15.97 34.94 13.12 Cumulative 100.00 73.24 84.01 97.42 131.46 148.70 S P MidCap 400 Index Return (11.10) 26.17 13.65 24.73 (13.10) Cumulative 100.00 88.90 112.17 127.48 159.01 138.18 
 41 | CLF 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 The following table presents information with respect to repurchases by the Company of our common shares during the periods indicated: 
 Period Total Number of Shares (or Units) Purchased 1 
 Average Price Paid per Share (or Unit) Total Number of Shares (or Units) Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Maximum Number (or Approximate Dollar Value) of Shares (or Units) that May Yet be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs 2 
 October 1 - 31, 2022 894 19.54 790,302,500 November 1 - 30, 2022 28,208 28.79 790,302,500 December 1 - 31, 2022 2,000,054 15.06 2,000,000 760,216,700 Total 2,029,156 15.25 2,000,000 1 Includes 894 shares that were delivered to us in October 2022, 28,208 shares that were delivered to us in November 2022, and 54 shares that were delivered to us in December 2022 to satisfy tax withholding obligations due upon the vesting or payment of stock awards. 
 2 On February 10, 2022, our Board of Directors authorized a program to repurchase our outstanding common shares in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions, which may include purchases pursuant to Rule 10b5-1 plans or accelerated share repurchases, up to a maximum of 1 billion. We are not obligated to make any purchases, and the program may be suspended or discontinued at any time. The share repurchase program does not have a specific expiration date. 

ITEM 6. [Reserved] 
 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations is designed to provide a reader of our financial statements with a narrative from the perspective of management on our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and other factors that may affect our future results. The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes that appear in Part II Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in this report discusses our financial condition and results of operations as of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. A discussion related to our financial condition and results of operations for 2021 as compared to 2020 can be found in Part II, Item 7., "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations," of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, filed with the SEC on February 11, 2022. 
 
 OVERVIEW 
 Throughout 2022, we continued to position the Company for long-term success as we generated record revenues, executed our commercial initiatives by improving our average selling prices, revamped our operational footprint, secured multi-year labor agreements with the majority of our USW employees, displayed the unique advantage of our U.S.-centric, internally sourced feedstock and continued to improve our balance sheet. 
 2022 HIGHLIGHTS 
 Record revenues of 23 billion 
 Second-highest Adjusted EBITDA in company history (second only to 2021) 
 Reduced net pension and OPEB liabilities by 2.1 billion 
 Reduced outstanding debt by 1.1 billion, including 351 million of open market repurchases 
 Increased year-over-year average steel selling price despite significantly lower commodity flat-rolled steel pricing 
 Improved commercial contracts by generating substantial increases for our fixed price contracts 
 Agreed to 4-year labor agreements with the USW covering 14,000 total employees 
 Completed major maintenance cycle, including the reline of the Cleveland #5 blast furnace 
 Benefited from vertically integrated footprint amidst raw material shortages related to the Russian invasion of Ukraine 
 Returned 240 million in capital to shareholders through share repurchase program 
 42 | CLF 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Continued progress toward our goal of reducing GHG emissions 
 Celebrated 175th anniversary as a company 
 We also continued our best practices from both a safety and environmental standpoint. During 2022, our safety TRIR (including contractors) was 1.36 per 200,000 hours worked. Throughout 2022, we made continued progress towards our goal of reducing GHG emissions with our optimal utilization of HBI and scrap throughout our facilities, as well as more efficient power generation through recycling of off-gases. We have also formed a partnership with the DOE as part of the Better Climate Challenge initiative, as we aim to build on our GHG emission reduction progress. We continue to pursue opportunities such as carbon capture and the use of hydrogen within our facilities. Additionally, we have started forming partnerships to develop renewable energy sources - such as wind, solar and hydrogen - which will benefit our own environmental footprint while combating the global impacts of climate change. 
 FINANCIAL SUMMARY 
 Total Revenue Net Income (Loss) Adjusted EBITDA Diluted EPS 
 
 See " Non-GAAP Financial Measures" below for a reconciliation of our Net income (loss) to Adjusted EBITDA. 
 ECONOMIC OVERVIEW 
 Steel market conditions in 2022 were notably volatile, driven by disruptions due to the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, continued supply chain issues, significantly higher energy prices and declines in demand as a result of recessionary fears. The price for domestic HRC, the most significant index impacting our revenues and profitability, averaged 1,011 per net ton for 2022, 36 lower than 2021, but well above the prior ten-year average of 712 per net ton. HRC prices receded below 700 per net ton in the fourth quarter of 2022, the lowest level since October 2020. The large decline in spot steel prices was driven by service center destocking, interest rate hikes driving caution on new business and declining metallics prices, which were driven by lower domestic steel production and excess raw material inventory. Continued automotive supply chain difficulties also limited the demand for steel from automotive manufacturers. Looking forward, we expect domestic steel demand to improve as imports have become less attractive, service centers restock inventory, automotive supply chain issues ease and incremental steel demand from the Infrastructure and Jobs Act is realized. 
 The recently passed CHIPS Act and Inflation Reduction Act should provide meaningful support for overall domestic steel demand in the coming years. Our extensive portfolio of products should result in increased steel demand from some of our end markets. The CHIPS Act promotes semiconductor manufacturing in the U.S., which should help support non-residential construction. Additionally, on-shoring manufacturing in the U.S. should reduce risk of supply chain issues in the future. The Inflation Reduction Act provides a tax credit for consumers who buy new EVs, which further incentivizes consumers to purchase vehicles in an environment where pent-up demand is still very strong from recent supply chain issues and low dealer inventory levels. In addition, the Inflation Reduction Act provides incentives for the use of domestic steel for investments in clean energy projects, including wind and solar projects, which consume a substantial amount of steel. Additional projects from the legislation could create incremental demand for our galvanized, GOES, NOES and other steel products. We expect to benefit from the spending related to the recently passed legislation in 2023 and beyond. 
 The largest market for our steel products is the automotive industry in North America, which makes light vehicle production a key driver of demand. During 2022, North American light vehicle production was approximately 14.3 million units, the highest annual production volume since 2019. While we have seen modest improvement, automotive production remains below historical levels and continues to be adversely affected by the global semiconductor shortage, as well as other material shortages and supply chain disruptions. This has caused several outages amongst light vehicle manufacturers. The long-term outlook for the automotive industry remains positive as pent-up demand is strong due to ongoing production and supply chain issues. Inventory levels have recently reached the highest level since April 2021, with 1.7 million units of gross stock at the end of 2022, but remain significantly below historical average inventory levels of 2.5 to 3.0 million units of gross stock. Additionally, the average age of cars on the road in the U.S. reached an all-time high during 2022, which should support demand as older vehicles need to be replaced. As the largest supplier of automotive-grade steel in the U.S., we expect to benefit from increased vehicle production in coming years. 
 The ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine has disrupted raw material sourcing for our EAF competitors and has further increased the volatility in their steelmaking input costs. Approximately two-thirds of all U.S. imported pig iron, an important feedstock for flat-rolled steel producing EAFs, has historically been sourced from Russia and Ukraine. Imported pig iron prices 
 43 | CLF 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 averaged 687 per metric ton during 2022, which is significantly above the historical average of 440 per metric ton from September 2017 to December 2021. The recent decline from record levels in pricing is primarily due to lower domestic steel production and surplus raw material inventory as competitors purchased excess raw materials at the beginning of the conflict between Russia and Ukraine to ensure sufficient supply in a time of uncertainty. Higher than historical imported pig iron costs should continue to support a higher HRC price. Unlike other flat-rolled producers, we are not reliant on imported pig iron as we produce it in-house at our blast furnaces, using our own iron ore as the primary raw material. 
 The price for busheling scrap, a necessary input for flat-rolled steel production in EAFs in the U.S., averaged well above the historical ten-year average of 380 per long ton in 2022 and 2021. The busheling price averaged 533 per long ton in 2022 and 602 per long ton in 2021. Pricing fell to 350 per long ton during the fourth quarter of 2022, as domestic steel capacity utilization rates declined below 80 and competitors worked through excess raw material inventory. As prime scrap is a replacement to imported pig iron, we expect the busheling scrap price will continue to average at or above historical levels as the availability of imported pig iron from Russia and Ukraine remains disrupted. We expect the supply of busheling scrap to further tighten due to decreasing prime scrap generation from original equipment manufacturers and the growth of EAF capacity in the U.S., along with a push for expanded scrap use globally. As we are fully integrated and have primarily a blast furnace footprint, increased prices for busheling scrap in the U.S. bolster our competitive advantage, as we source the majority of our iron feedstock from our stable-cost mining and pelletizing operations in Minnesota and Michigan. 
 As for iron ore, the Platts 62 price averaged 120 per metric ton in 2022, which is 23 higher than the historical ten-year average. While higher iron ore prices play a role in increased steel prices, we also directly benefit from higher iron ore prices for the portion of iron ore pellets we sell to third parties. 
 The U.S. Federal Reserve has pushed interest rates to the highest level in 15 years in an attempt to slow demand and reduce inflation. Though we are a firm believer that the U.S. is the most resilient manufacturing economy in the world, rising interest rates could cause a significant economic downturn and impact various end markets that we serve and overall domestic steel demand. While we believe there is strong pent-up demand for light vehicles in the U.S., automotive sales could be negatively impacted due to higher interest rates. The non-residential construction market could also see delays in construction as increased rates drive caution on new business. If continued rising rates in the U.S. result in a recession, we believe that end-user demand for steel intensive products could be negatively impacted as a recession would likely result in higher unemployment, lower wages and less disposable income for consumers. 
 During 2022, we experienced higher costs than the prior year due to inflationary pressures on input and energy costs, as well as lower production volume and higher repair and maintenance spending. We expect to benefit from lower costs in 2023 and beyond as most inflationary items have started to ease, production volume improves, and repair and maintenance expenses normalize. 
 
 STEELMAKING RESULTS 
 COMPARISON OF 2022 TO 2021 
 The following is a summary of our Steelmaking segment results included in our consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The results for 2021 include the FPT operations subsequent to November 18, 2021 and full-year results for all other Steelmaking operations. 
 The following is a summary of the Steelmaking segment operating results: 
 Total Revenue Gross Margin Adjusted EBITDA Steel Shipments (nt) 
 
 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 STEEL PRODUCT REVENUE: GROSS MARGIN : ADJUSTED EBITDA : AVERAGE SELLING PRICE PER TON OF STEEL PRODUCTS: 18,850 20,054 23 11 27 14 1,187 1,360 
 44 | CLF 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 REVENUE 
 The following tables represent our steel shipments by product and total sales by market: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (In thousands of net tons) Volume Volume Change Steel shipments by product: Hot-rolled steel 4,326 29 4,886 31 (11) Cold-rolled steel 2,286 16 2,790 18 (18) Coated steel 4,730 32 5,056 32 (6) Stainless and electrical steel 763 5 674 4 13 Plate 880 6 1,020 6 (14) Slab and other steel products 1,766 12 1,460 9 21 Total steel shipments by product 14,751 15,886 (7) Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (In millions) Revenue Revenue Change Steelmaking revenues by market: Direct automotive 6,661 30 4,726 24 41 Infrastructure and manufacturing 5,869 26 5,380 27 9 Distributors and converters 6,388 29 7,671 38 (17) Steel producers 3,465 15 2,124 11 63 Total steelmaking revenues by market 22,383 19,901 12 
 Revenues increased by 12 during the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the prior-year, primarily due to: 
 An increase in the direct automotive market of 1,935 million, or 41 , predominantly due to increases in selling prices as a result of favorable renewals of annual fixed price contracts. 
 An increase in sales to the steel producers market of 1,341 million, or 63 , which was primarily driven by the inclusion of full-year results from the FPT Acquisition. 
 These increases were partially offset by a decrease in the distributors and converters market of 1,283 million, or 17 , predominantly due to service center destocking, interest rate hikes driving caution on new business and pricing for metallics declining, which caused weaker demand from service centers for our steel products and large declines in spot steel pricing. 
 GROSS MARGIN 
 Gross margin decreased by 2,053 million, or 45 , during the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the prior-year, primarily due to: 
 Increased costs of production (approximately 3.6 billion impact) driven by higher raw materials and utility costs, including natural gas, coal, coke, alloys and scrap, coupled with increased investment in maintenance and labor costs; and 
 A decrease in sales volumes (approximately 700 million impact) predominantly driven by lower shipments to the distributors and converters end market due to weaker demand. 
 This was partially offset by an increase in selling prices (approximately 2.5 billion impact) driven by favorable renewals of annual sales contracts. 
 ADJUSTED EBITDA 
 Adjusted EBITDA from our Steelmaking segment for the year ended December 31, 2022, decreased by 2,191 million, as compared to 2021, primarily due to the decreased gross margin from our operations. Additionally, our Steelmaking Adjusted EBITDA included 439 million and 392 million of Selling, general and administrative expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 45 | CLF 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 CONSOLIDATED RESULTS 
 COMPARISON OF 2022 TO 2021 
 REVENUES GROSS MARGIN 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, our consolidated Revenues increased by 2,545 million, compared to 2021. The increase was primarily due to the increase in the average steel product selling price of 173 per net ton and the inclusion of full-year results from the FPT Acquisition, partially offset by the decrease of 1.1 million net tons of steel shipments from our Steelmaking segment. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, our consolidated gross margin decreased by 2,016 million, as compared to 2021. See " Steelmaking Results" above for further detail on our operating results. 
 SELLING, GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses increased by 43 million during the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 2021. The increase primarily relates to the inclusion of full-year results for the FPT Acquisition in 2022. Additionally, there were increases related to salaries and benefits and external service costs, partially offset by lower incentive compensation. 
 MISCELLANEOUS NET 
 Miscellaneous net increased by 30 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 2021. The increase in miscellaneous expense was primarily due to the 29 million asset impairment charge associated with the permanent closure of Mountain State Carbon and an increase in idle expenses. These increases were partially offset by the acquisition-related loss on equity method investment during 2021, which was not repeated in 2022. 
 INTEREST EXPENSE, NET 
 Interest expense, net decreased by 61 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the prior year. The decrease was primarily due to debt reduction activities during 2021 and 2022, which reduced interest expense on our senior notes. The decrease was partially offset by an increase in the ABL Facility interest expense primarily as a result of rising interest rates. 
 LOSS ON EXTINGUISHMENT OF DEBT 
 The loss on extinguishment of debt of 75 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 primarily resulted from the redemption of all 607 million aggregate principal amount of our outstanding 9.875 2025 Senior Secured Notes in April 2022 and the redemption of all 294 million aggregate principal amount of our outstanding 1.500 2025 Convertible Senior Notes in January 2022. The losses were partially offset by the net gain on extinguishment for the repurchase of 417 million aggregate principal amount of our outstanding IRBs and senior notes of various series. 
 The loss on extinguishment of debt of 88 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily resulted from the redemption of 396 million aggregate principal amount of 5.750 2025 Senior Notes, 395 million aggregate principal amount of 4.875 2024 Senior Secured Notes and 347 million aggregate principal amount of 9.875 2025 Senior Secured Notes. 
 Refer to NOTE 8 - DEBT AND CREDIT FACILITIES for further details. 
 INCOME TAXES 
 Our effective tax rate is affected by permanent items, primarily depletion. It also is affected by discrete items that may occur in any given period but are not consistent from period to period. The following represents a summary of our tax provision and corresponding effective rates: 
 Year Ended December 31, (In millions) 2022 2021 Income tax expense (423) (773) Effective tax rate 23 20 
 46 | CLF 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 A reconciliation of our income tax attributable to continuing operations compared to the U.S. federal statutory rate is as follows: 
 Year Ended December 31, (In millions) 2022 2021 Tax at U.S. statutory rate 377 21 799 21 Increase (decrease) due to: Percentage depletion in excess of cost depletion (49) (3) (99) (3) State taxes, net 71 4 86 2 Federal state provision to return 27 1 (2) Other items, net (3) (11) Provision for income tax expense and effective income tax rate including discrete items 423 23 773 20 
 The decrease in income tax expense in 2022, as compared to the prior year, is directly related to the decrease in the pre-tax book income year-over-year. 
 See NOTE 11 - INCOME TAXES for further information. 
 
 CASH FLOW, LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 OVERVIEW 
 Our capital allocation decision-making process is focused on preserving healthy liquidity levels while maintaining the strength of our balance sheet and creating financial flexibility to manage through the cyclical demand for our products and volatility in commodity prices. We are focused on maximizing the cash generation of our operations, reducing debt, returning capital to shareholders and aligning capital investments with our strategic priorities and the requirements of our business plan, including regulatory and permission-to-operate related projects. 
 The following table provides a summary of our cash flows: 
 Year Ended December 31, (In millions) 2022 2021 Cash flows provided by (used in): Operating activities 2,423 2,785 Investing activities (936) (1,379) Financing activities (1,509) (1,470) Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents (22) (64) Free cash flow 1 
 1,480 2,080 1 See " Non-GAAP Financial Measures" for a reconciliation of our free cash flows. 
 
 The recent market environment has provided us opportunities to reduce our debt and return capital to shareholders with our own free cash flow generation. We also continue to look at the composition of our debt, as we are interested in both extending our average maturity length and increasing our ratio of unsecured debt to secured debt, which can be accomplished with cash provided by operating activities. During 2022, we took action in alignment with our capital allocation priorities, as follows: 
 We redeemed all 294 million in aggregate principal amount outstanding of our 1.500 2025 Convertible Senior Notes, 66 million aggregate principal amount outstanding of the IRBs and 607 million remaining aggregate principal amount outstanding of our 9.875 2025 Senior Secured Notes; and 
 We repurchased 351 million in aggregate principal amount of our outstanding senior notes of various series at an average price of 92 of par. 
 Additionally, we returned capital to shareholders through our share repurchase program, repurchasing 12.5 million common shares at a cost of 240 million in the aggregate. 
 These actions give us additional financial flexibility and will better prepare us to navigate more easily through potentially volatile industry conditions in the future, while also prudently reducing our common share count. 
 47 | CLF 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 OPERATING ACTIVITIES 
 Year Ended December 31, (In millions) 2022 2021 Variance Net income 1,376 3,033 (1,657) Non-cash adjustments to net income 1,218 1,949 (731) Income taxes (22) (136) 114 Pension and OPEB payments and contributions (204) (343) 139 Working capital (receivables, inventories, payables and other liabilities) 55 (1,718) 1,773 Net cash provided by operating activities 2,423 2,785 (362) 
 The variance was driven by: 
 A 1,657 million increase in net income after adjustments for non-cash items due to lower gross margins from lower steel sales volume and higher costs. See " Steelmaking Results" above for further detail on our operating results. 
 A 139 million decrease in payments and contributions relating to pension and OPEB plans resulting from improvements to our pension plans' funded status. The 2021 pension contributions also included 118 million in deferred 2020 pension contributions in connection with the CARES Act. 
 A 1,773 million decrease in cash used for working capital primarily driven by lower increases in accounts receivable and inventories. In 2021, accounts receivable increased due to the unwind of the ArcelorMittal USA factoring agreement as well as rising revenue. Inventories also increased more in 2021 due to the global semiconductor shortage as well as higher raw material costs. During 2022, our inventory units declined but this was predominantly offset by higher costs. 
 INVESTING ACTIVITIES 
 Year Ended December 31, (In millions) 2022 2021 Variance Purchase of property, plant and equipment (943) (705) (238) Acquisitions, net of cash acquired (31) (707) 676 Other 38 33 5 Net cash used by investing activities (936) (1,379) 443 
 The variance was driven by: 
 A 238 million increase in cash used for capital expenditures primarily relating to sustaining capital expenditures, including the completion of a reline of blast furnace #5 at Cleveland Works during the third quarter of 2022. Sustaining capital spend includes infrastructure, mobile equipment, fixed equipment, product quality, environmental and health and safety. 
 A 676 million decrease in cash used for acquisitions primarily relating to the FPT Acquisition made in 2021. 
 FINANCING ACTIVITIES 
 Year Ended December 31, (In millions) 2022 2021 Variance Series B Redeemable Preferred Stock redemption (1,343) 1,343 Net repayments of debt (1,358) (372) (986) Net borrowings under credit facilities 255 73 182 Net issuance (repurchase) of common shares (240) 322 (562) Other (166) (150) (16) Net cash used by financing activities (1,509) (1,470) (39) 
 The variance was driven by: 
 A 1,343 million decrease in cash used in 2022 resulting from the Series B Redeemable Preferred Stock redemption in 2021. 
 A 804 million increase in cash used resulting from higher net repayments of debt in 2022, partially offset by increased borrowings on our ABL Facility, as compared to the prior-year. 
 A 562 million increase in cash used to repurchase 12.5 million common shares in 2022, compared to 20.0 million common shares issued in 2021. 
 48 | CLF 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 Our primary sources of liquidity are Cash and cash equivalents, cash generated from our operations, availability under the ABL Facility and access to capital markets. We generally maintain minimal cash balances and utilize our access to our ABL Facility to cover fluctuations in our cash requirements. Cash and cash equivalents, which totaled 26 million as of December 31, 2022, include cash on hand and on deposit. The combination of cash and availability under our ABL Facility gives us 2.5 billion in liquidity as of December 31, 2022. We believe our liquidity and access to capital markets will be adequate to fund our cash requirements for the next 12 months and for the foreseeable future. 
 The ABL Facility, which matures in March 2025, has a maximum borrowing base of 4.5 billion, determined by applying customary advance rates to eligible accounts receivable, inventory and certain mobile equipment. The ABL Facility includes a 555 million sublimit for the issuance of letters of credit and a 200 million sublimit for swingline loans. As of December 31, 2022, outstanding letters of credit totaled 150 million, which reduced availability. We issue standby letters of credit with certain financial institutions in order to support business obligations, including, but not limited to, workers' compensation, employee severance, insurance, operating agreements and environmental obligations. The ABL Facility agreement contains various financial and other covenants. As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with all of our ABL Facility covenants. 
 We have the capability to issue additional unsecured notes and, subject to the limitations set forth in our existing senior notes indentures, additional secured debt, if we elect to access the debt capital markets. However, our ability to issue additional notes could be limited by market conditions. We intend from time to time to seek to redeem or repurchase our outstanding senior notes with cash on hand, borrowings from existing credit sources or new debt financings and/or exchanges for debt or equity securities, in open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. Such redemptions or repurchases, if any, will depend on prevailing market conditions, our liquidity requirements, contractual restrictions and other factors, and the amounts involved may be material. 
 Refer to NOTE 8 - DEBT AND CREDIT FACILITIES for more information on our ABL Facility and debt. 
 MATERIAL CASH REQUIREMENTS 
 We have material cash requirements for known contractual obligations and commitments for the following: 
 CAPITAL EXPENDITURES 
 We anticipate total cash used for capital expenditures during the next 12 months to be between 700 and 750 million, which primarily consists of sustaining capital spend. With our facilities and equipment in the best shape since the acquisition, we do not expect any major investments until at least 2025. 
 PURCHASE OBLIGATIONS 
 In the normal course of business, we are a party to certain off-balance sheet arrangements that are not reflected on our Statements of Consolidated Financial Position. These arrangements include minimum "take or pay" purchase commitments, such as minimum electric power demand charges, minimum coal, diesel and natural gas purchase commitments, minimum railroad transportation commitments and minimum port facility usage commitments. Refer to NOTE 20 - COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES for further information. 
 DEBT 
 We have principal long-term debt of 4,306 million with maturities starting in 2025. Refer to NOTE 8 - DEBT AND CREDIT FACILITIES for further information on our long-term debt and interest. 
 LEASE OBLIGATIONS 
 We have future minimum lease payments under noncancellable finance and operating leases. As of December 31, 2022, the current and long-term liabilities for our lease obligations were 136 million and 317 million, respectively. Refer to NOTE 12 - LEASE OBLIGATIONS for further information. 
 POST-RETIREMENT EMPLOYEE BENEFITS 
 We make both required and discretionary pension contributions. Required contributions are based on minimum funding requirements pursuant to ERISA regulations. We expect to make 32 million in contributions in 2023. Contributions in future years can significantly change and will depend on the actual returns on assets, discount rates, government regulations, changes to employee benefits through labor agreements and other demographic factors. The cash requirements for our OPEB plans consist of VEBA contributions and direct payments from corporate assets primarily for medical and drug costs. During 2022, we negotiated favorable Medicare Advantage Prescription Drug healthcare rates, which went into effect January 1, 2023. We also paused the contribution requirement to the Cleveland-Cliffs Steel LLC VEBA plan as part of the 2022 USW labor negotiations. The reduction in retiree healthcare rates and pause on the VEBA funding requirements is expected to reduce our use of cash from 198 million in 2022 to 73 million in 2023. Refer to NOTE 9 - PENSIONS AND OTHER POSTRETIREMENT BENEFITS for further information. 
 ENVIRONMENTAL AND ASSET RETIREMENT OBLIGATIONS 
 Refer to NOTE 20 - COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES and NOTE 13 - ASSET RETIREMENT OBLIGATIONS for further information on our environmental and asset retirement obligations. 
 49 | CLF 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 SHARE REPURCHASE PROGRAM 
 On February 10, 2022, our Board of Directors authorized a program to repurchase outstanding common shares in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions, which may include purchases pursuant to Rule 10b5-1 plans or accelerated share repurchases, up to a maximum of 1 billion. As of December 31, 2022, there was 760 million remaining under the authorization. We are not obligated to make any purchases and the program may be suspended or discontinued at any time. The share repurchase program does not have a specific expiration date. 
 
 NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES 
 ADJUSTED EBITDA 
 We evaluate performance on an operating segment basis, as well as a consolidated basis, based on Adjusted EBITDA, which is a non-GAAP measure. This measure is used by management, investors, lenders and other external users of our financial statements to assess our operating performance and to compare operating performance to other companies in the steel industry. In addition, management believes Adjusted EBITDA is a useful measure to assess the earnings power of the business without the impact of capital structure and can be used to assess our ability to service debt and fund future capital expenditures in the business. 
 The following table provides a reconciliation of our Net income (loss) to Adjusted EBITDA: 
 Year Ended December 31, (In millions) 2022 2021 2020 Net income (loss) 1,376 3,033 (81) Less: Interest expense, net (276) (337) (238) Income tax benefit (expense) (423) (773) 111 Depreciation, depletion and amortization (1,034) (897) (308) Total EBITDA 3,109 5,040 354 Less: EBITDA from noncontrolling interests 1 
 74 75 56 Gain (loss) on extinguishment of debt (75) (88) 130 Acquisition-related expenses and adjustments (1) (197) (148) Asset impairment (29) Other, net (29) (27) (37) Total Adjusted EBITDA 3,169 5,277 353 1 EBITDA of noncontrolling interests includes the following: 
 Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests 41 45 41 Depreciation, depletion and amortization 33 30 15 EBITDA of noncontrolling interests 74 75 56 
 The following table provides a summary of our Adjusted EBITDA by segment: 
 Year Ended December 31, (In millions) 2022 2021 Adjusted EBITDA: Steelmaking 3,089 5,280 Other Businesses 69 9 Corporate and eliminations 11 (12) Total Adjusted EBITDA 3,169 5,277 
 FREE CASH FLOW 
 Free cash flow is a non-GAAP measure defined as operating cash flows less purchase of property, plant and equipment. Management believes it is an important measure to assess the cash generation available to service debt, strategic initiatives or other financing activities. 
 50 | CLF 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 The following table provides a reconciliation of our operating cash flows to free cash flows: 
 Year Ended December 31, (In millions) 2022 2021 Operating cash flows 2,423 2,785 Purchase of property, plant and equipment (943) (705) Free cash flows 1,480 2,080 
 
 INFORMATION ABOUT OUR GUARANTORS AND THE ISSUER OF OUR GUARANTEED SECURITIES 
 The accompanying summarized financial information has been prepared and presented pursuant to SEC Regulation S-X, Rule 3-10, Financial Statements of Guarantors and Issuers of Guaranteed Securities Registered or Being Registered, and Rule 13-01 "Financial Disclosures about Guarantors and Issuers of Guaranteed Securities and Affiliates Whose Securities Collateralized a Registrant's Securities." Certain of our subsidiaries (the "Guarantor subsidiaries") have fully and unconditionally, and jointly and severally, guaranteed the obligations under (a) the 5.875 2027 Senior Notes, the 7.000 2027 Senior Notes, the 4.625 2029 Senior Notes and the 4.875 2031 Senior Notes issued by Cleveland-Cliffs Inc. on a senior unsecured basis and (b) the 6.750 2026 Senior Secured Notes on a senior secured basis. See NOTE 8 - DEBT AND CREDIT FACILITIES for further information. 
 The following presents the summarized financial information on a combined basis for Cleveland-Cliffs Inc. (parent company and issuer of the guaranteed obligations) and the Guarantor subsidiaries, collectively referred to as the obligated group. Transactions between the obligated group have been eliminated. Information for the non-Guarantor subsidiaries was excluded from the combined summarized financial information of the obligated group. 
 Each Guarantor subsidiary is consolidated by Cleveland-Cliffs Inc. as of December 31, 2022. Refer to Exhibit 22 , incorporated herein by reference, for the detailed list of entities included within the obligated group as of December 31, 2022. 
 The guarantee of a Guarantor subsidiary with respect to Cliffs' 6.750 2026 Senior Secured Notes, the 5.875 2027 Senior Notes, the 7.000 2027 Senior Notes, the 4.625 2029 Senior Notes and the 4.875 2031 Senior Notes will be automatically and unconditionally released and discharged, and such Guarantor subsidiary s obligations under the guarantee and the related indentures (the Indentures will be automatically and unconditionally released and discharged, upon the occurrence of any of the following, along with the delivery to the trustee of an officer s certificate and an opinion of counsel, each stating that all conditions precedent provided for in the applicable Indenture relating to the release and discharge of such Guarantor subsidiary s guarantee have been complied with: 
 (a) any sale, exchange, transfer or disposition of such Guarantor subsidiary (by merger, consolidation, or the sale of) or the capital stock of such Guarantor subsidiary after which the applicable Guarantor subsidiary is no longer a subsidiary of the Company or the sale of all or substantially all of such Guarantor subsidiary s assets (other than by lease), whether or not such Guarantor subsidiary is the surviving entity in such transaction, to a person which is not the Company or a subsidiary of the Company; provided that (i) such sale, exchange, transfer or disposition is made in compliance with the applicable Indenture, including the covenants regarding consolidation, merger and sale of assets and, as applicable, dispositions of assets that constitute notes collateral, and (ii) all the obligations of such Guarantor subsidiary under all debt of the Company or its subsidiaries terminate upon consummation of such transaction; 
 (b) designation of any Guarantor subsidiary as an excluded subsidiary (as defined in the Indentures); or 
 (c) defeasance or satisfaction and discharge of the Indentures. 
 Each entity in the summarized combined financial information follows the same accounting policies as described in the consolidated financial statements. The accompanying summarized combined financial information does not reflect investments of the obligated group in non-Guarantor subsidiaries. The financial information of the obligated group is presented on a combined basis; intercompany balances and transactions within the obligated group have been eliminated. The obligated group's amounts due from, amounts due to, and transactions with, non-Guarantor subsidiaries and related parties have been presented in separate line items. 
 SUMMARIZED COMBINED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF THE ISSUER AND GUARANTOR SUBSIDIARIES 
 The following table is summarized combined financial information from the Statements of Condensed Consolidated Financial Position of the obligated group: 
 December 31, (In millions) 2022 2021 Current assets 7,063 6,539 Non-current assets 9,935 12,693 Current liabilities (3,866) (3,222) Non-current liabilities (6,630) (9,081) 
 51 | CLF 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 The following table is summarized combined financial information from the Statements of Condensed Consolidated Operations of the obligated group: 
 Year Ended (In millions) December 31, 2022 Revenues 21,376 Cost of goods sold (19,008) Income from continuing operations 1,107 Net income 1,109 Net income attributable to Cliffs shareholders 1,109 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the obligated group had the following balances with non-Guarantor subsidiaries and other related parties: 
 December 31, (In millions) 2022 2021 Balances with non-Guarantor subsidiaries: Accounts receivable, net 163 199 Accounts payable (527) (186) Balances with other related parties: Accounts receivable, net 8 3 Accounts payable (13) (7) 
 Additionally, for the year ended December 31, 2022, the obligated group had Revenues of 133 million and Cost of goods sold of 103 million, in each case with other related parties. 
 
 MARKET RISKS 
 We are subject to a variety of risks, including those caused by changes in commodity prices and interest rates. We have established policies and procedures to manage such risks; however, certain risks are beyond our control. 
 PRICING RISKS 
 In the ordinary course of business, we are exposed to market risk and price fluctuations related to the sale of our products, which are impacted primarily by market prices for HRC, and the purchase of energy and raw materials used in our operations, which are impacted by market prices for electricity, natural gas, ferrous and stainless steel scrap, chrome, metallurgical coal, coke, nickel and zinc. Our strategy to address market risk has generally been to obtain competitive prices for our products and services and allow operating results to reflect market price movements dictated by supply and demand; however, we make forward physical purchases and enter into hedge contracts to manage exposure to price risk related to the purchases of certain raw materials and energy used in the production process. 
 Our financial results can vary for our operations as a result of fluctuations in market prices. We attempt to mitigate these risks by aligning fixed and variable components in our customer pricing contracts, supplier purchasing agreements and derivative financial instruments. 
 Some customer contracts have fixed-pricing terms, which increases our exposure to fluctuations in raw material and energy costs. To reduce our exposure, we enter into annual, fixed-price agreements for certain raw materials. Some of our existing multi-year raw material supply agreements have required minimum purchase quantities. Under adverse economic conditions, those minimums may exceed our needs. Absent exceptions for force majeure and other circumstances affecting the legal enforceability of the agreements, these minimum purchase requirements may compel us to purchase quantities of raw materials that could significantly exceed our anticipated needs or pay damages to the supplier for shortfalls. In these circumstances, we would attempt to negotiate agreements for new purchase quantities. There is a risk, however, that we would not be successful in reducing purchase quantities, either through negotiation or litigation. If that occurred, we would likely be required to purchase more of a particular raw material in a particular year than we need, negatively affecting our results of operations and cash flows. 
 Certain of our customer contracts include variable-pricing mechanisms that adjust selling prices in response to changes in the costs of certain raw materials and energy, while other of our customer contracts exclude such mechanisms. We may enter into multi-year purchase agreements for certain raw materials with similar variable-price mechanisms, allowing us to achieve natural hedges between the customer contracts and supplier purchase agreements. Therefore, in some cases, price fluctuations for energy (particularly natural gas and electricity), raw materials (such as scrap, chrome, zinc and nickel) or other commodities may be, in part, passed on to customers rather than absorbed solely by us. There is a risk, however, that the variable-price mechanisms in the sales contracts may not necessarily change in tandem with the variable-price mechanisms in our purchase agreements, negatively affecting our results of operations and cash flows. 
 52 | CLF 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Our strategy to address volatile natural gas rates and electricity rates includes improving efficiency in energy usage, identifying alternative providers and utilizing the lowest cost alternative fuels. If we are unable to align fixed and variable components between customer contracts and supplier purchase agreements, we use cash-settled commodity price swaps to hedge the market risk associated with the purchase of certain of our raw materials and energy requirements. Additionally, we routinely use these derivative instruments to hedge a portion of our natural gas and zinc requirements. During 2022, we initiated hedging programs for electricity and tin. Our hedging strategy is designed to protect us from excessive pricing volatility. However, since we do not typically hedge 100 of our exposure, abnormal price increases in any of these commodity markets might still negatively affect operating costs. 
 The following table summarizes the negative effect of a hypothetical change in the fair value of our derivative instruments outstanding as of December 31, 2022, due to a 10 and 25 change in the market price of each of the indicated commodities: 
 (In millions) Commodity Derivative 10 Change 25 Change Natural gas 54 136 Electricity 3 6 Tin 1 
 Any resulting changes in fair value would be recorded as adjustments to AOCI, net of income taxes, or recognized in net earnings, as appropriate. These hypothetical losses would be partially offset by the benefit of lower prices paid for the related commodities. 
 VALUATION OF GOODWILL AND OTHER LONG-LIVED ASSETS 
 GOODWILL 
 We assign goodwill arising from acquired companies to the reporting units that are expected to benefit from the synergies of the acquisition. Goodwill is tested on a qualitative or quantitative basis for impairment at the reporting unit level on an annual basis (October 1) and between annual tests if an event occurs or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying value. These events or circumstances could include a significant change in the business climate, legal factors, operating performance indicators, competition, or sale or disposition of a significant portion of a reporting unit. We have an unconditional option to bypass the qualitative test for any reporting unit in any period and proceed directly to performing the quantitative test. Should our qualitative test indicate that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value, we perform a quantitative test to determine the amount of impairment, if any, to the carrying value of the reporting unit and its associated goodwill. 
 Application of the goodwill impairment test requires judgment, including the identification of reporting units, assignment of assets and liabilities to reporting units, assignment of goodwill to reporting units and if a quantitative assessment is deemed necessary in determination of the fair value of each reporting unit. The fair value of each reporting unit is estimated using the guideline public company method, the discounted cash flow methodology, or a combination of both, which considers forecasted cash flows discounted at an estimated weighted average cost of capital. Assessing the recoverability of our goodwill requires significant assumptions regarding the estimated future cash flows and other factors to determine the fair value of a reporting unit, including, among other things, estimates related to forecasts of future revenues, expected Adjusted EBITDA, expected capital expenditures and working capital requirements, which are based upon our long-range plan estimates. The assumptions used to calculate the fair value of a reporting unit may change from year to year based on operating results, market conditions and other factors. Changes in these assumptions could materially affect the determination of fair value for each reporting unit. 
 No impairment charges were identified in connection with our annual goodwill impairment test with respect to our identified reporting units. However, our Tooling and Stamping reporting unit fair value was not substantially in excess of its carrying values as of December 31, 2022. A slower than anticipated resolution of the supply chain issues related to the global semiconductor shortages that have hampered the automotive industry, higher than expected capital requirements, and/or an increase in the discount rate could result in future impairment indicators. We determined that our other identified reporting units were not at risk of failing the goodwill impairment test as of December 31, 2022. 
 OTHER LONG-LIVED ASSETS 
 Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment upon the occurrence of events or changes in circumstances that would indicate that the carrying value of the assets may not be recoverable. Such indicators may include: a significant decline in expected future cash flows; a sustained, significant decline in market pricing; a significant adverse change in legal or environmental factors or in the business climate; changes in estimates of our recoverable reserves; and unanticipated competition. Any adverse change in these factors could have a significant impact on the recoverability of our long-lived assets and could have a material impact on our consolidated statements of operations and statements of financial position. 
 A comparison of each asset group's carrying value to the estimated undiscounted net future cash flows expected to result from the use of the assets, including cost of disposition, is used to determine if an asset is recoverable. Projected future cash flows reflect management's best estimate of economic and market conditions over the projected period, including growth rates in revenues and costs, and estimates of future expected changes in operating margins and capital expenditures. If the carrying value of the asset group is higher than its undiscounted net future cash flows, the asset group is measured at fair value and the difference is recorded as a reduction to the long-lived assets. We estimate fair value using a market approach, an income approach or a cost approach. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we concluded that there were no additional triggering events resulting in the need for an 
 53 | CLF 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 impairment assessment except for the announcement of the permanent closure of Mountain State Carbon, which resulted in a 29 million asset impairment charge. 
 INTEREST RATE RISK 
 Interest payable on our senior notes is at fixed rates. Interest payable under our ABL Facility is at a variable rate based upon the applicable base rate plus the applicable base rate margin depending on the excess availability. As of December 31, 2022, we had 1,864 million outstanding under our ABL Facility. An increase in prevailing interest rates would increase interest expense and interest paid for any outstanding borrowings under our ABL Facility. For example, a 100 basis point change to interest rates under our ABL Facility at the December 31, 2022 borrowing level would result in a change of 19 million to interest expense on an annual basis. For a discussion of the attendant risk, see Part I - Item 1A, Risk Factors - III. Financial Risks - Our existing and future indebtedness may limit cash flow available to invest in the ongoing needs of our businesses, which could prevent us from fulfilling our obligations under our senior notes, ABL Facility and other debt, and we may be forced to take other actions to satisfy our obligations under our debt, which may not be successful. 
 SUPPLY CONCENTRATION RISKS 
 Many of our operations and mines rely on one source for each of electric power and natural gas. A significant interruption or change in service or rates from our energy suppliers could materially impact our production costs, margins and profitability. 
 
 RECENTLY ISSUED ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS 
 Refer to NOTE 1 - BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES of the consolidated financial statements for a description of recent accounting pronouncements, including the respective dates of adoption and effects on results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 
 Management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is based on our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. Preparation of financial statements requires management to make assumptions, estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, costs and expenses, and the related disclosures of contingencies. Management bases its estimates on various assumptions and historical experience, which are believed to be reasonable; however, due to the inherent nature of estimates, actual results may differ significantly due to changed conditions or assumptions. On a regular basis, management reviews the accounting policies, assumptions, estimates and judgments to ensure that our financial statements are fairly presented in accordance with GAAP. However, because future events and their effects cannot be determined with certainty, actual results could differ from our assumptions and estimates, and such differences could be material. Management believes that the following critical accounting estimates and judgments have a significant impact on our financial statements. 
 BUSINESS COMBINATIONS 
 Assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a business combination are recognized and measured based on their estimated fair values at the acquisition date, while the acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred. Any excess of the purchase consideration when compared to the fair value of the net tangible and intangible assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. We engaged independent valuation specialists to assist with the determination of the fair value of assets acquired, liabilities assumed, noncontrolling interest, and goodwill, for the acquisitions. If the initial accounting for the business combination is incomplete by the end of the reporting period in which the acquisition occurs, an estimate will be recorded. Subsequent to the acquisition date, and not later than one year from the acquisition date, we will record any material adjustments to the initial estimate based on new information obtained that would have existed as of the date of the acquisition. Any adjustment that arises from information obtained that did not exist as of the date of the acquisition will be recorded in the period the adjustment arises. 
 VALUATION OF GOODWILL AND OTHER LONG-LIVED ASSETS 
 The valuation of goodwill and other long-lived assets includes various assumptions and are considered critical accounting estimates. Refer to " Market Risks" above for additional information. 
 MINERAL RESERVES 
 We regularly evaluate, and engage QPs to review and validate, our mineral reserves and update them as required in accordance with Subpart 1300 of Regulation S-K. We perform an in-depth evaluation of our mineral reserve estimates by mine on a periodic basis, in addition to routine annual assessments. The determination of mineral reserves requires us and third-party QPs to make significant estimates and assumptions related to key inputs, including, but not limited to, (1) the determination of the size and scope of the iron ore body through technical modeling, (2) the estimates of future iron ore prices, production costs and capital expenditures, and (3) management s mine plan for the proven and probable mineral reserves. The significant estimates and assumptions could be affected by future industry conditions, geological conditions and ongoing mine planning. Additional capital and development expenditures may be required to maintain effective production capacity. Generally, as mining operations progress, haul distances increase. Alternatively, changes in economic conditions or the expected quality of mineral resources and reserves could decrease effective production capacity. Technological progress could alleviate such factors or increase capacity of mineral reserves. 
 54 | CLF 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 We use our mineral reserve estimates, combined with our estimated annual production levels, to determine the mine closure dates utilized in recording the fair value liability for asset retirement obligations for our active operating mines. Refer to NOTE 13 - ASSET RETIREMENT OBLIGATIONS, for further information. Since the liability represents the present value of the expected future obligation, a significant change in mineral reserves or mine lives could have a substantial effect on the recorded obligation. We also utilize mineral reserves for evaluating potential impairments of goodwill and mine asset groups as they are indicative of future cash flows and in determining maximum useful lives utilized to calculate depreciation, depletion and amortization of long-lived mine assets. The consolidated asset retirement obligation balance was 520 million as of December 31, 2022, of which 196 million related to active iron ore mine operations. The total goodwill balance associated with our Steelmaking reportable segment was 956 million as of December 31, 2022. The total asset balance associated with our Steelmaking reportable segment was 18,070 million as of December 31, 2022, of which 1,559 million related to long-lived assets associated with our combined iron ore mine asset groups. Depreciation, depletion and amortization expense for our combined iron ore mine asset groups was 161 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. Increases or decreases in mineral reserves or mine lives could significantly affect these items. 
 ASSET RETIREMENT OBLIGATIONS 
 The accrued closure obligation is predominantly related to our indefinitely idled and closed iron ore mining operations and provides for contractual and legal obligations associated with the eventual closure of those operations. We perform an in-depth evaluation of the liability every three years in addition to our routine annual assessments. In 2020, we employed third-party specialists to assist in the evaluation. Our obligations are determined based on detailed estimates adjusted for factors that a market participant would consider (e.g., inflation, overhead and profit), which are escalated at an assumed rate of inflation to the estimated closure dates and then discounted using the current credit-adjusted risk-free interest rate. The estimate also incorporates incremental increases in the closure cost estimates and changes in estimates of mine lives for our active mine sites. The closure date for each of our active mine sites is determined based on the exhaustion date of the remaining mineral reserves, which is dependent on our estimate of mineral reserves. The estimated obligations for our active mine sites are particularly sensitive to the impact of changes in mine lives given the difference between the inflation and discount rates. The closure dates for a majority of our steelmaking facilities are indefinite, and as such, the asset retirement obligations are recorded at present values using estimated ranges of the economic lives of the underlying assets. Changes in the base estimates of legal and contractual closure costs due to changes in legal or contractual requirements, available technology, inflation, overhead or profit rates also could have a significant impact on the recorded obligations. Refer to NOTE 13 - ASSET RETIREMENT OBLIGATIONS, for further information. 
 ENVIRONMENTAL REMEDIATION COSTS 
 We have a formal policy for environmental protection and remediation. Our obligations for known environmental matters at active and closed operations have been recognized based on estimates of the cost of investigation and remediation at each facility. If the obligation can only be estimated as a range of possible amounts, with no specific amount being more likely, the minimum of the range is accrued. Management reviews its environmental remediation sites quarterly to determine if additional cost adjustments or disclosures are required. The characteristics of environmental remediation obligations, where information concerning the nature and extent of clean-up activities is not immediately available and which are subject to changes in regulatory requirements, result in a significant risk of increase to the obligations as they mature. Expected future expenditures are discounted to present value unless the amount and timing of the cash disbursements cannot be reasonably estimated. 
 INCOME TAXES 
 Our income tax expense, deferred tax assets and liabilities and reserves for unrecognized tax benefits reflect management's best assessment of estimated future taxes to be paid. We are subject to income taxes in the U.S. and various foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgments and estimates are required in determining the consolidated income tax expense. 
 Deferred income taxes arise from temporary differences between tax and financial statement recognition of revenue and expense. In evaluating our ability to recover our deferred tax assets, we consider all available positive and negative evidence, including scheduled reversals of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income, tax planning strategies and recent financial operations. In projecting future taxable income, we begin with historical results adjusted for the results of discontinued operations and changes in accounting policies and incorporate assumptions including the amount of future state, federal and foreign pretax operating income, the reversal of temporary differences, and the implementation of feasible and prudent tax planning strategies. These assumptions require significant judgment about the forecasts of future taxable income and are consistent with the plans and estimates we are using to manage the underlying businesses. 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had a valuation allowance of 390 million and 409 million, respectively, against our deferred tax assets. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, our U.S. deferred tax assets were 48 million and 70 million, respectively, and our foreign deferred tax assets were 342 million and 339 million, respectively. 
 Our losses in Luxembourg in recent periods represent sufficient negative evidence to require a full valuation allowance against the deferred tax assets in that jurisdiction. We intend to maintain a valuation allowance against the deferred tax assets related to these operating losses, unless and until sufficient positive evidence exists to support the realization of such assets. 
 Changes in tax laws and rates also could affect recorded deferred tax assets and liabilities in the future. The calculation of our tax liabilities involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax laws and regulations in various jurisdictions across our global operations. The ultimate impact of U.S. income tax reform legislation may differ from our current estimates due to changes in the interpretations and assumptions made as well as additional regulatory guidance that may be issued. 
 55 | CLF 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in the financial statements requires that a tax benefit from an uncertain tax position be recognized when it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination, including resolutions of any related appeals or litigation processes, based on technical merits. 
 We recognize tax liabilities in accordance with ASC 740, Income Taxes , and we adjust these liabilities when our judgment changes because of evaluation of new information not previously available. Due to the complexity of some of these uncertainties, the ultimate resolution may result in payment that is materially different from our current estimate of the tax liabilities. These differences will be reflected as increases or decreases to income tax expense in the period in which they are determined. Refer to NOTE 11 - INCOME TAXES, for further information. 
 EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT BENEFIT OBLIGATIONS 
 We sponsor various defined benefit pension plans and OPEB plans for certain current employees and retirees. For accounting purposes, we use various actuarial assumptions and methodologies to measure the plan obligations, assets and related net periodic benefit expense at the end of each year. These assumptions include discount rates, expected return on plan assets, mortality rates, rates of compensation increase, healthcare trend rates and certain demographic assumptions. Assumptions and calculations are reviewed by management and reflect our best estimates and judgment. Future changes in assumptions or differences between actual and expected can significantly impact the future funded status of our plans as well as their related net periodic benefit expense. 
 We believe discount rates and expected return on assets are the most critical assumptions. The discount rates used to measure plan liabilities as of the December 31 measurement date are determined individually for each plan. The discount rates are determined by matching the projected cash flows used to determine the plan liabilities to a projected yield curve of high-quality corporate bonds available at the measurement date. Discount rates for expense are calculated using the granular approach for each plan. 
 The expected return on plan assets are calculated on a plan-by-plan basis and take into account each plan's strategic asset allocation. The calculation of rates by asset class are based primarily on our future expected returns and take into consideration the duration of the cash flows, active management and fees. The difference between our expected return on plan assets assumptions and the actual returns are recorded in AOCI and ultimately affects future earnings in subsequent years. Although our actual returns will likely differ from our estimate on any given year, the returns over the long term are expected to match our assumptions. In 2023, our weighted average expected return on assets for pension and OPEB plans will increase from 6.87 to 7.66 and from 4.86 to 5.87 , respectively. The increase is primarily related to a shift in investment strategy and asset mix for 2.9 billion of our pension and OPEB assets, to further align to the Company-wide investment strategy. 
 Cumulative actuarial gains and losses will be amortized to expense using the corridor method, where gains and losses are recognized if they exceed 10 of the greater of the fair value of plan assets or the plans' benefit obligations. The amortization period will vary by plan. 
 The following are sensitivities of potential further changes in these key assumptions on the estimated 2023 pension and OPEB expense and the pension and OPEB obligations as of December 31, 2022: 
 Increase (Decrease) in Expense Increase in Benefit Obligation (In millions) Pension OPEB Pension OPEB Decrease discount rate 0.25 (2) 2 92 28 Decrease return on assets 1.00 41 7 N/A N/A 
 Refer to NOTE 9 - PENSIONS AND OTHER POSTRETIREMENT BENEFITS for further information. 
 
 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This report contains statements that constitute "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the federal securities laws. As a general matter, forward-looking statements relate to anticipated trends and expectations rather than historical matters. Forward-looking statements are subject to uncertainties and factors relating to our operations and business environment that are difficult to predict and may be beyond our control. Such uncertainties and factors may cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These statements speak only as of the date of this report, and we undertake no ongoing obligation, other than that imposed by law, to update these statements. Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Uncertainties and risk factors that could affect our future performance and cause results to differ from the forward-looking statements in this report include, but are not limited to: 
 continued volatility of steel, iron ore and scrap metal market prices, which directly and indirectly impact the prices of the products that we sell to our customers; 
 
 uncertainties associated with the highly competitive and cyclical steel industry and our reliance on the demand for steel from the automotive industry, which has been experiencing supply chain disruptions, such as the semiconductor shortage, and higher consumer interest rates, which could result in lower steel volumes being demanded; 
 
 potential weaknesses and uncertainties in global economic conditions, excess global steelmaking capacity, oversupply of iron ore, prevalence of steel imports and reduced market demand, including as a result of inflationary pressures, the COVID-19 pandemic, conflicts or otherwise; 
 56 | CLF 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 severe financial hardship, bankruptcy, temporary or permanent shutdowns or operational challenges of one or more of our major customers, including customers in the automotive market, key suppliers or contractors, which, among other adverse effects, could disrupt our operations or lead to reduced demand for our products, increased difficulty collecting receivables, and customers and/or suppliers asserting force majeure or other reasons for not performing their contractual obligations to us; 
 
 disruptions to our operations relating to an infectious disease outbreak or the COVID-19 pandemic, including workforce challenges and the risk that novel variants will prove resistant to existing vaccines or that new or continuing pandemic lockdowns in China will impact our ability to source certain critical supplies in a timely and predictable manner; 
 
 risks related to U.S. government actions with respect to Section 232, the USMCA and/or other trade agreements, tariffs, treaties or policies, as well as the uncertainty of obtaining and maintaining effective antidumping and countervailing duty orders to counteract the harmful effects of unfairly traded imports; 
 
 impacts of existing and increasing governmental regulation, including potential environmental regulations relating to climate change and carbon emissions, and related costs and liabilities, including failure to receive or maintain required operating and environmental permits, approvals, modifications or other authorizations of, or from, any governmental or regulatory authority and costs related to implementing improvements to ensure compliance with regulatory changes, including potential financial assurance requirements, and reclamation and remediation obligations; 
 
 potential impacts to the environment or exposure to hazardous substances resulting from our operations; 
 
 our ability to maintain adequate liquidity, our level of indebtedness and the availability of capital could limit our financial flexibility and cash flow necessary to fund working capital, planned capital expenditures, acquisitions, and other general corporate purposes or ongoing needs of our business; 
 
 our ability to reduce our indebtedness or return capital to shareholders within the currently expected timeframes or at all; 
 
 adverse changes in credit ratings, interest rates, foreign currency rates and tax laws, including adverse impacts as a result of the Inflation Reduction Act; 
 
 the outcome of, and costs incurred in connection with, lawsuits, claims, arbitrations or governmental proceedings relating to commercial and business disputes, antitrust claims, environmental matters, government investigations, occupational or personal injury claims, property damage, labor and employment matters, or suits involving legacy operations and other matters; 
 
 uncertain availability or cost, due to inflation or otherwise, of critical manufacturing equipment and spare parts; 
 
 supply chain disruptions or changes in the cost, quality or availability of energy sources, including electricity, natural gas and diesel fuel, or critical raw materials and supplies, including iron ore, industrial gases, graphite electrodes, scrap metal, chrome, zinc, coke and metallurgical coal; 
 
 problems or disruptions associated with transporting products to our customers, moving manufacturing inputs or products internally among our facilities, or suppliers transporting raw materials to us; 
 
 the risk that the cost or time to implement a strategic or sustaining capital project may prove to be greater than originally anticipated; 
 
 uncertainties associated with natural or human-caused disasters, adverse weather conditions, unanticipated geological conditions, critical equipment failures, infectious disease outbreaks, tailings dam failures and other unexpected events; 
 
 cybersecurity incidents relating to, disruptions in, or failures of, information technology systems that are managed by us or third parties that host or have access to our data and systems, including the loss, theft or corruption of sensitive or essential business or personal information and the inability to access or control systems; 
 
 liabilities and costs arising in connection with any business decisions to temporarily or indefinitely idle or permanently close an operating facility or mine, which could adversely impact the carrying value of associated assets and give rise to impairment charges or closure and reclamation obligations, as well as uncertainties associated with restarting any previously idled operating facility or mine; 
 
 our level of self-insurance and our ability to obtain sufficient third-party insurance to adequately cover potential adverse events and business risks; 
 
 uncertainties associated with our ability to meet customers and suppliers decarbonization goals and reduce our GHG emissions in alignment with our own announced targets; 
 
 challenges to maintaining our social license to operate with our stakeholders, including the impacts of our operations on local communities, reputational impacts of operating in a carbon-intensive industry that produces GHG emissions, and our ability to foster a consistent operational and safety track record; 
 
 our actual economic mineral reserves or reductions in current mineral reserve estimates, and any title defect or loss of any lease, license, easement or other possessory interest for any mining property; 
 
 our ability to maintain satisfactory labor relations with unions and employees; 
 57 | CLF 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

unanticipated or higher costs associated with pension and OPEB obligations resulting from changes in the value of plan assets or contribution increases required for unfunded obligations; 
 
 uncertain availability or cost of skilled workers to fill critical operational positions and potential labor shortages caused by experienced employee attrition or otherwise, as well as our ability to attract, hire, develop and retain key personnel; 
 the amount and timing of any repurchases of our common shares; and 
 potential significant deficiencies or material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. 
 For additional factors affecting our businesses, refer to Part I ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. You are urged to carefully consider these risk factors. 
 Forward-looking and other statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K regarding our GHG reduction plans and goals are not an indication that these statements are necessarily material to investors or required to be disclosed in our filings with the SEC. In addition, historical, current and forward-looking GHG-related statements may be based on standards for measuring progress that are still developing, internal controls and processes that continue to evolve and assumptions that are subject to change in the future. 
 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 Information regarding our market risk is presented under the caption "Market Risks," which is included in ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS and is incorporated by reference and made a part hereof. 
 58 | CLF 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 STATEMENTS OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL POSITION 
 CLEVELAND-CLIFFS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 December 31, (In millions, except share information) 2022 2021 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net Inventories Other current assets Total current assets Non-current assets: Property, plant and equipment, net Goodwill Pension and OPEB, asset Other non-current assets TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued employment costs Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Non-current liabilities: Long-term debt Pension liability, non-current OPEB liability, non-current Deferred income taxes Other non-current liabilities TOTAL LIABILITIES Commitments and contingencies (See Note 20) Equity: Common Shares - par value per share 
 Authorized - shares (2021 - shares); 
 Issued - shares (2021 - shares); 
 Outstanding - shares (2021 - shares) 
 Capital in excess of par value of shares Retained earnings (deficit) ) Cost of common shares in treasury (2021 - shares) 
 ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income Total Cliffs shareholders' equity Noncontrolling interest TOTAL EQUITY TOTAL LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 59 | CLF 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 STATEMENTS OF CONSOLIDATED OPERATIONS 
 CLEVELAND-CLIFFS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Year Ended December 31, (In millions, except per share amounts) 2022 2021 2020 Revenues Operating costs: Cost of goods sold ) ) ) Selling, general and administrative expenses ) ) ) Acquisition-related costs ) ) ) Miscellaneous net ) ) ) Total operating costs ) ) ) Operating income (loss) ) Other income (expense): Interest expense, net ) ) ) Gain (loss) on extinguishment of debt ) ) Net periodic benefit credits other than service cost component Other non-operating income (loss) ) Total other expense ) ) ) Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes ) Income tax benefit (expense) ) ) Income (loss) from continuing operations ) Income from discontinued operations, net of tax Net income (loss) ) Income attributable to noncontrolling interest ) ) ) Net income (loss) attributable to Cliffs shareholders ) Earnings (loss) per common share attributable to Cliffs shareholders - basic Continuing operations ) Discontinued operations ) Earnings (loss) per common share attributable to Cliffs shareholders - diluted Continuing operations ) Discontinued operations ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 60 | CLF 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 STATEMENTS OF CONSOLIDATED COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 CLEVELAND-CLIFFS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Year Ended December 31, (In millions) 2022 2021 2020 Net income (loss) ) Other comprehensive income (loss): Changes in pension and OPEB, net of tax Changes in derivative financial instruments, net of tax ) Changes in foreign currency translation ) ) Total other comprehensive income Comprehensive income Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Comprehensive income attributable to Cliffs shareholders 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 61 | CLF 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 STATEMENTS OF CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOWS 
 CLEVELAND-CLIFFS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Year Ended December 31, (In millions) 2022 2021 2020 OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net income (loss) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided (used) by operating activities: Depreciation, depletion and amortization Amortization of inventory step-up Deferred income taxes ) Pension and OPEB credits ) ) ) Loss (gain) on extinguishment of debt ) Impairment of long-lived assets Other ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of business combination: Receivables and other assets ) ) Inventories ) ) Income taxes ) ) Pension and OPEB payments and contributions ) ) ) Payables, accrued expenses and other liabilities ) Net cash provided (used) by operating activities ) INVESTING ACTIVITIES Purchase of property, plant and equipment ) ) ) Acquisition of FPT, net of cash acquired ) ) Acquisition of ArcelorMittal USA, net of cash acquired ) Acquisition of AK Steel, net of cash acquired ) Other investing activities Net cash used by investing activities ) ) ) FINANCING ACTIVITIES Series B Redeemable Preferred Stock redemption ) Proceeds from issuance of common shares Repurchase of common shares ) Proceeds from issuance of debt Debt issuance costs ) ) Repayments of debt ) ) ) Borrowings under credit facilities Repayments under credit facilities ) ) ) Other financing activities ) ) ) Net cash provided (used) by financing activities ) ) Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents ) ) ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 62 | CLF 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 STATEMENTS OF CONSOLIDATED CHANGES IN EQUITY 
 CLEVELAND-CLIFFS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Cliffs Shareholders (In millions) Number of Common Shares Outstanding Par Value of Common Shares Issued Capital in Excess of Par Value of Shares Retained Earnings (Deficit) Common Shares in Treasury AOCI (Loss) Non- controlling Interest Total December 31, 2019 ) ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) Stock and other incentive plans ) Acquisition of AK Steel Acquisition of ArcelorMittal USA Common share dividends per share) 
 ) ) Net distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) December 31, 2020 ) ) ) Comprehensive income Issuance of common shares Stock and other incentive plans ) Series B Redeemable Preferred Stock redemption ) ) 1.500 2025 Convertible Senior Notes redemption ) ) Acquisition of ArcelorMittal USA - Measurement period adjustments ) ) Net distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) December 31, 2021 ) ) Comprehensive income Stock and other incentive plans 1.500 2025 Convertible Senior Notes redemption ) ) Common share repurchases ) ) ) Net distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) December 31, 2022 ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 63 | CLF 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 CLEVELAND-CLIFFS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 people across our operations in the United States and Canada, of which approximately were represented by labor unions under various agreements. More than 90 of our hourly workforce is represented by three prominent unions - USW, UAW and IAM. 
 Unless otherwise noted, discussion of our business and results of operations in this Annual Report on Form 10-K refers to our continuing operations. 
 BUSINESS OPERATIONS 
 We are organized into operating segments based on differentiated products, Steelmaking, Tubular, Tooling and Stamping, and European Operations. We primarily operate through reportable segment the Steelmaking segment. 
 million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, was classified in Other non-current assets. 
 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
 We consider the following policies to be beneficial in understanding the judgments involved in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements and the uncertainties that could impact our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Certain prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform with the current year presentation. 
 64 | CLF 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

to years 
 Buildings Straight line to years 
 Equipment Straight line/Double declining balance to years 

65 | CLF 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 million asset impairment charge during the year. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, no impairment indicators were present that would indicate the carrying value of any of our asset groups may not be recoverable; as a result, no impairment assessments were required. 
 66 | CLF 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

67 | CLF 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

) Decrease in allowance Allowance for credit losses as of December 31 ) ) 
 68 | CLF 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Raw materials Total product inventories Manufacturing supplies and critical spares Inventories 
 The excess of current cost over LIFO cost of iron ore inventories was million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the product inventory balance for iron ore inventories decreased, resulting in a liquidation of a LIFO layer in 2022. The effect of the inventory reduction was an increase in Cost of goods sold of million in the Statements of Consolidated Operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2021, the product inventory balance for iron ore inventories increased, resulting in a LIFO increment in 2021. The effect of the inventory build was an increase in Inventories of million on the Statements of Consolidated Financial Position for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 CASH FLOW INFORMATION 
 Less: Non-cash accruals ) Right-of-use assets - finance leases Cash paid for capital expenditures including deposits 
 Additionally, included within Other investing activities on the Statements of Consolidated Cash Flows are grant reimbursements related to governmental funded capital projects. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, grant reimbursements were million and million, respectively. 
 Cash payments (receipts) for interest and income taxes are as follows: 
 Year Ended December 31, (In millions) 2022 2021 2020 Taxes paid on income Income tax refunds ) ) ) Interest paid on debt obligations net of capitalized interest 1 
 1 Capitalized interest was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 69 | CLF 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Fair value of settlement of a pre-existing relationship as part of consideration in connection with FPT Acquisition ) Fair value of common shares issued as part of consideration in connection with AM USA Transaction Fair value of Series B Participating Redeemable Preferred Stock issued as part of consideration in connection with AM USA Transaction Fair value of settlement of a pre-existing relationship as part of consideration in connection with AM USA Transaction Fair value of common shares issued as consideration in connection with AK Steel Merger Fair value of equity awards assumed in connection with AK Steel Merger 
 
 major steelmakers, AK Steel and ArcelorMittal USA, vertically integrating our legacy iron ore business with steel production. In 2021, we also entered into the scrap business with the FPT Acquisition. We are vertically integrated from mined raw materials, direct reduced iron and ferrous scrap to primary steelmaking and downstream finishing, stamping, tooling and tubing. We now have a presence across the entire steel manufacturing process, from mining to pelletizing to the development and production of finished high value steel products. The AK Steel Merger combined Cliffs, a historic producer of iron ore pellets, with AK Steel, a producer of flat-rolled carbon, stainless and electrical steel products, to create a vertically integrated producer of value-added iron ore and steel products. The AM USA Transaction transformed us into a fully-integrated steel enterprise with the size and scale to expand product offerings and improve through-the-cycle margins. The FPT Acquisition provides us a competitive advantage in sourcing prime scrap, a key raw material for our steelmaking facilities. 
 FPT ACQUISITION 
 OVERVIEW 
 On November 18, 2021, pursuant to the FPT Acquisition Agreement, we completed the FPT Acquisition, in which we were the acquirer. Following the FPT Acquisition, the operating results of FPT are included in our consolidated financial statements. For the period subsequent to the FPT Acquisition (November 18, 2021 through December 31, 2021), FPT generated Revenues of million and a loss of million included within Net income (loss) attributable to Cliffs shareholders, which included million related to amortization of the fair value inventory step-up. 
 Cash consideration paid related to IRC Section 338(h)(10) Total cash consideration Fair value of settlement of a pre-existing relationship ) Total purchase consideration 
 We made certain elections under Section 338(h)(10) of the IRC with respect to entities acquired in connection with the FPT Acquisition that were finalized during the third quarter of 2022, which changed the final cash consideration. 
 70 | CLF 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Accounts receivable, net Inventories ) Other current assets ) Property, plant and equipment Other non-current assets ) Accounts payable ) ) Accrued employment costs ) ) Other current liabilities ) ) Other non-current liabilities ) ) Net identifiable assets acquired Goodwill Total net assets acquired 
 The goodwill resulting from the FPT Acquisition primarily represents the incremental benefit of providing substantial access to prime scrap for our vertically integrated steelmaking business, as well as any synergistic benefits to be realized from the FPT Acquisition within our Steelmaking segment. We have million in goodwill that is deductible for tax purposes from the FPT Acquisition. 
 Supplier relationships Trade names and trademarks Total identifiable intangible assets 
 Intangible assets are classified as Other non-current assets on the Statements of Consolidated Financial Position. 
 ACQUISITION OF ARCELORMITTAL USA 
 OVERVIEW 
 On December 9, 2020, pursuant to the terms of the AM USA Transaction Agreement, we purchased ArcelorMittal USA from ArcelorMittal. In connection with the closing of the AM USA Transaction, as contemplated by the terms of the AM USA Transaction Agreement, ArcelorMittal s former joint venture partner in Kote and Tek exercised its put right pursuant to the terms of the Kote and Tek joint venture agreements. As a result, we purchased all of such joint venture partner s interests in Kote and Tek. Following the closing of the AM USA Transaction, we own 100 of the interests in Kote and Tek. 
 We incurred acquisition-related costs, excluding severance costs, of million and million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, in connection with the AM USA Transaction, which were recorded in Acquisition-related costs in the Statements of Consolidated Operations. 
 71 | CLF 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Fair value of Cliffs Series B Participating Redeemable Preferred Stock issued Fair value of settlement of a pre-existing relationship Cash consideration Total purchase consideration 
 The fair value of Cliffs common shares issued was calculated as follows: 
 Number of Cliffs common shares issued Closing price of Cliffs common share as of December 9, 2020 Fair value of Cliffs common shares issued (in millions) 
 The fair value of Cliffs Series B Participating Redeemable Preferred Stock issued was calculated as follows: 
 Number of Cliffs Series B Participating Redeemable Preferred Stock issued Redemption price per share as of December 9, 2020 Fair value of Cliffs Series B Participating Redeemable Preferred Stock issued (in millions) 
 The fair value of the cash consideration was comprised of the following: 
 (In millions) Cash consideration pursuant to the AM USA Transaction Agreement Cash consideration for purchase of the remaining JV partner's interest of Kote and Tek Cash consideration pursuant to working capital adjustments ) Total cash consideration 
 The cash portion of the purchase price was subject to customary working capital adjustments, and the working capital adjustments were finalized during the second quarter of 2021. We made certain elections under Section 338(h)(10) of the IRC with respect to entities acquired in connection with the AM USA Transaction, which did not change the final cash consideration. 
 The fair value of the settlement of a pre-existing relationship was comprised of the following: 
 (In millions) Accounts receivable Freestanding derivative asset from customer supply agreement Total fair value of settlement of a pre-existing relationship 
 72 | CLF 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

The allocation of consideration to the net tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed in connection with the AM USA Transaction was based on estimated fair values at December 9, 2020, and was finalized during the quarter ended December 31, 2021. 
 Accounts receivable, net ) Inventories Other current assets Property, plant and equipment Deferred income taxes Other non-current assets Accounts payable ) ) Accrued employment costs ) ) State and local taxes ) ) Other current liabilities ) ) Pension liability, non-current ) ) OPEB liability, non-current ) ) Other non-current liabilities ) ) ) Noncontrolling interest ) Net identifiable assets acquired Goodwill ) Total net assets acquired 
 During the period subsequent to the AM USA Transaction, we made certain measurement period adjustments to the acquired assets and liabilities assumed due to clarification of information utilized to determine fair value during the measurement period. The measurement period adjustments related to the revaluation of the Company's previously held equity method investment, which is now being consolidated post-acquisition, resulting in a loss of million, within Miscellaneous net for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 The goodwill resulting from the acquisition of ArcelorMittal USA primarily represents the growth opportunities in the automotive, construction, appliances, infrastructure and machinery and equipment markets, as well as any synergistic benefits to be realized from the AM USA Transaction, and was assigned to our flat steel operations within our Steelmaking segment. 
 ACQUISITION OF AK STEEL 
 OVERVIEW 
 On March 13, 2020, pursuant to the AK Steel Merger Agreement (Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of December 2, 2019, among Cleveland-Cliffs Inc., AK Steel and Merger Sub), we completed the acquisition of AK Steel, in which we were the acquirer. As a result of the AK Steel Merger, each share of AK Steel common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the AK Steel Merger (other than excluded shares) was converted into the right to receive Cliffs common shares and, if applicable, cash in lieu of any fractional Cliffs common shares. 
 We incurred acquisition-related costs, excluding severance costs, of million and million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, in connection with the AK Steel Merger, which were recorded in Acquisition-related costs in the Statements of Consolidated Operations. 
 Fair value of Cliffs common shares issued for AK Steel outstanding common stock Other Total purchase consideration 
 73 | CLF 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Exchange ratio Shares of Cliffs common shares issued to AK Steel stockholders Price per share of Cliffs common shares Fair value of Cliffs common shares issued for outstanding AK Steel common stock 
 7.500 Senior Secured Notes due July 2023 Fair value of debt included in consideration 
 VALUATION ASSUMPTION AND PURCHASE PRICE ALLOCATION 
 The allocation of consideration to the net tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed in connection with the AK Steel Merger was based on estimated fair values at March 13, 2020, and was finalized during the quarter ended March 31, 2021. 
 Accounts receivable, net ) Inventories ) Other current assets ) Property, plant and equipment Deferred income taxes Other non-current assets ) Accounts payable ) ) ) Accrued employment costs ) ) State and local taxes ) ) Other current liabilities ) ) Long-term debt ) ) Pension liability, non-current ) ) OPEB liability, non-current ) ) ) Other non-current liabilities ) ) Noncontrolling interest ) ) Net identifiable assets acquired ) Goodwill Total net assets acquired 
 During the period subsequent to the AK Steel Merger, we made certain measurement period adjustments to the acquired assets and liabilities assumed due to clarification of information utilized to determine fair value during the measurement period. 
 The goodwill resulting from the acquisition of AK Steel was assigned to our downstream Tubular and Tooling and Stamping operating segments. Goodwill is calculated as the excess of the purchase price over the net identifiable assets recognized and primarily represents the growth opportunities in light weighting solutions to automotive customers, as well as any synergistic benefits to be realized. 
 74 | CLF 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Developed technology Trade names and trademarks Total identifiable intangible assets Intangible liabilities: Above-market supply contracts ) 
 Intangible assets are classified as Other non-current assets on the Statements of Consolidated Financial Position. Intangible liabilities are classified as Other non-current liabilities on the Statements of Consolidated Financial Position. 
 The above-market supply contracts relate to the long-term coke and energy supply agreements with SunCoke Energy, which includes SunCoke Middletown, a consolidated VIE. Refer to NOTE 18 - VARIABLE INTEREST ENTITIES for further information. 
 PRO FORMA RESULTS 
 2020 ACQUISITIONS 
 Net loss attributable to Cliffs shareholders ) 
 The unaudited pro forma financial information has been calculated after applying our accounting policies and adjusting the historical results with pro forma adjustments, net of tax, that assume the 2020 Acquisitions occurred on January 1, 2019. Significant pro forma adjustments include the following: 
 1. The elimination of intercompany revenues between Cliffs and ArcelorMittal USA and AK Steel of million for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 2. The 2020 pro forma net loss was adjusted to exclude million of non-recurring inventory acquisition accounting adjustments incurred during the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 3. The elimination of non-recurring transaction costs incurred by Cliffs, AK Steel and ArcelorMittal USA in connection with the 2020 Acquisitions were million for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 4. The 2020 pro forma net loss was adjusted to exclude restructuring costs of million of non-recurring costs incurred by ArcelorMittal USA prior to the AM USA Transaction. 
 5. The 2020 pro forma net loss was adjusted to exclude million for the year ended December 31, 2020, for the impact of reversal of the fees charged for management, financial and legal services under the Industrial Franchise Agreement with the former parent. 
 6. Total other pro forma adjustments included reduced expenses of million for the year ended December 31, 2020, primarily due to decreased depreciation expense and pension and OPEB expense, offset partially by increased interest and amortization expense. 
 7. The income tax impact of pro forma transaction adjustments that affect Net income (loss) attributable to Cliffs shareholders at a statutory rate of resulted in an increased benefit to Income tax benefit (expense) of million for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 FPT ACQUISITION 
 Net income (loss) attributable to Cliffs shareholders ) 
 75 | CLF 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

Infrastructure and manufacturing Distributors and converters Steel producers 
 Total Steelmaking Other Businesses: Direct automotive Infrastructure and manufacturing Distributors and converters Total Other Businesses Total revenues 
 The following table represents our Revenues by product line: 
 Year Ended December 31, (In millions) 2022 2021 2020 Steelmaking: Hot-rolled steel Cold-rolled steel Coated steel Stainless and electrical steel Plate Slab and other steel products Other Total steelmaking Other Businesses: Other Total revenues 
 76 | CLF 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 operating segments based on our differentiated products - Steelmaking, Tubular, Tooling and Stamping, and European Operations. We have reportable segment - Steelmaking. The operating segment results of our Tubular, Tooling and Stamping, and European Operations that do not constitute reportable segments are combined and disclosed in the Other Businesses category. Our Steelmaking segment operates as the largest flat-rolled steel producer supported by being the largest iron ore pellet producer as well as a leading prime scrap processor in North America, primarily serving the automotive, infrastructure and manufacturing, and distributors and converters markets. Our Other Businesses primarily include the operating segments that provide customer solutions with carbon and stainless steel tubing products, advanced-engineered solutions, tool design and build, hot- and cold-stamped steel components, and complex assemblies. All intersegment transactions were eliminated in consolidation. 
 We evaluate performance on an operating segment basis, as well as a consolidated basis, based on Adjusted EBITDA, which is a non-GAAP measure. This measure is used by management, investors, lenders and other external users of our financial statements to assess our operating performance and to compare operating performance to other companies in the steel industry. In addition, management believes Adjusted EBITDA is a useful measure to assess the earnings power of the business without the impact of capital structure and can be used to assess our ability to service debt and fund future capital expenditures in the business. 
 Other Businesses Total revenues Adjusted EBITDA: Steelmaking Other Businesses Eliminations 1 
 ) ) Total Adjusted EBITDA 1 In 2022, we began allocating Corporate Selling, general and administrative expenses to our operating segments. Prior periods have been adjusted to reflect this change. The Eliminations line now only includes sales between segments. 
 
 77 | CLF 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 ) Less: Interest expense, net ) ) ) Income tax benefit (expense) ) ) Depreciation, depletion and amortization ) ) ) Less: EBITDA from noncontrolling interests 1 
 Gain (loss) on extinguishment of debt ) ) Acquisition-related expenses and adjustments ) ) ) Asset impairment ) Other, net ) ) ) Total Adjusted EBITDA 1 EBITDA of noncontrolling interests includes the following: 
 Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests Depreciation, depletion and amortization EBITDA of noncontrolling interests 
 The following table summarizes our depreciation, depletion and amortization and capital additions by segment: 
 Year Ended December 31, (In millions) 2022 2021 2020 Depreciation, depletion and amortization: Steelmaking ) ) ) Other Businesses ) ) ) Total depreciation, depletion and amortization ) ) ) Capital additions 1: 
 Steelmaking Other Businesses Corporate Total capital additions 1 Refer to NOTE 2 - SUPPLEMENTARY FINANCIAL STATEMENT INFORMATION for additional information. 
 
 Other Businesses Total segment assets Corporate/Eliminations Total assets 
 78 | CLF 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Canada Other countries Total revenues Property, plant and equipment, net: United States Canada Other countries Total property, plant and equipment, net 
 
 Buildings Equipment Other Construction in progress Total property, plant and equipment 1 
 Allowance for depreciation and depletion ) ) Property, plant and equipment, net 1 Includes right-of-use assets related to finance leases of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 We recorded depreciation expense of million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Depreciation expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 includes million of accelerated depreciation related to the decision to indefinitely idle the coke facility at Middletown Works and million of accelerated depreciation related to the indefinite idle of the Indiana Harbor #4 blast furnace. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we announced the permanent closure of Mountain State Carbon, which resulted in a million asset impairment charge. 
 Depletion ) ) Net mineral rights Land rights 
 We recorded depletion expense of million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 79 | CLF 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Other Businesses Total goodwill 
 The increase of million in the balance of Goodwill in our Steelmaking segment as of December 31, 2022, compared to December 31, 2021, is due to the change in estimated identified goodwill as a result of measurement period adjustments to the purchase price allocation for the acquisition of FPT. Refer to NOTE 3 - ACQUISITIONS for further details. 
 INTANGIBLE ASSETS AND LIABILITIES 
 ) ) Developed technology ) ) Trade names and trademarks ) ) Mining permits ) ) Supplier relationships ) Total intangible assets ) ) Intangible liabilities 2 : 
 Above-market supply contracts ) ) ) ) 1 Intangible assets are classified as Other non-current assets . Amortization related to mining permits is recognized in Cost of goods sold . Amortization of all other intangible assets is recognized in Selling, general and administrative expenses . 
 2 Intangible liabilities are classified as Other non-current liabilities . Amortization of all intangible liabilities is recognized in Cost of goods sold . 
 
 Amortization expense related to intangible assets was million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Estimated future amortization expense related to intangible assets is million annually for the years 2023 through 2027. 
 million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Estimated future amortization income related to the intangible liabilities is million annually for the years 2023 through 2027. 
 80 | CLF 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 2025 Senior Secured Notes 
 Cliffs 2026 Senior Secured Notes 
 Cliffs Senior Unsecured Notes: 2025 Convertible Senior Notes 
 Cliffs 2027 Senior Notes 
 Cliffs 2027 AK Senior Notes 
 AK Steel 2027 Senior Notes 
 Cliffs 2029 Senior Notes 
 Cliffs 2031 Senior Notes 
 Cliffs 2040 Senior Notes 
 Cliffs IRBs AK Steel Various ABL Facility 3 
 Cliffs 2 
 Variable 3 
 Total debt Unamortized discounts and issuance costs ) ) Total long-term debt 1 Unless otherwise noted, references in this column and throughout this NOTE 8 - DEBT AND CREDIT FACILITIES to "Cliffs" are to Cleveland-Cliffs Inc., and references to "AK Steel" are to AK Steel Corporation (n/k/a Cleveland-Cliffs Steel Corporation). 
 2 Refers to Cleveland-Cliffs Inc. as borrower under our ABL Facility. 
 3 Our ABL Facility annual effective interest rate was and , respectively, as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 
 OUTSTANDING SENIOR SECURED NOTES 
 The 2026 Senior Secured Notes bear interest at a rate of per annum, payable semi-annually in arrears on March 15 and September 15 of each year. The 2026 Senior Secured Notes will mature on March 15, 2026. 
 The 2026 Senior Secured Notes are jointly and severally and fully and unconditionally guaranteed on a senior secured basis by substantially all of our material domestic subsidiaries and are secured (subject in each case to certain exceptions and permitted liens) by (i) a first-priority lien, on substantially all of our assets and the assets of the guarantors, other than the ABL Collateral (as defined below), and (ii) a second-priority lien on the ABL Collateral, which is junior to a first-priority lien for the benefit of the lenders under our ABL Facility. 
 We may redeem the 2026 Senior Secured Notes in whole or in part, at any time at our option upon not less than 30, and not more than 60, days' prior notice sent to the holders of the 6.750 2026 Senior Secured Notes. The 6.750 2026 Senior Secured Notes became redeemable on March 15, 2022 at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount thereof, and decrease to on March 15, 2023, on March 15, 2024 and are redeemable at par beginning on March 15, 2025. In each case, we pay the redemption premiums plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but not including, the date of redemption. 
 In addition, if a change in control triggering event, as defined in the indenture, occurs with respect to the 2026 Senior Secured Notes, we will be required to offer to purchase the notes at a purchase price equal to of their principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but not including, the date of purchase. 
 The terms of the 2026 Senior Secured Notes contain certain customary covenants; however, there are no financial covenants. 
 81 | CLF 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 The senior notes are unsecured obligations and rank equally in right of payment with all our other existing and future unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness. The 7.000 2027 Senior Notes, 5.875 2027 Senior Notes, 4.625 2029 Senior Notes and 4.875 2031 Senior Notes are guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by our material direct and indirect wholly owned domestic subsidiaries and, therefore, are structurally senior to any of our existing and future indebtedness that is not guaranteed by such guarantors and are structurally subordinated to all existing and future indebtedness and other liabilities of our subsidiaries that do not guarantee the notes. There are no subsidiary guarantees of the interest and principal amounts for the 6.250 2040 Senior Notes. 
 The 2027 Senior Notes may be redeemed, in whole or in part, at any time at our option upon not less than 30, and not more than 60 days' prior notice sent to the holders. The 7.000 2027 Senior Notes became redeemable on March 15, 2022 at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount thereof, and decrease to on March 15, 2023, on March 15, 2024 and are redeemable at par beginning on March 15, 2025. In each case, we pay the redemption premiums plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but not including, the date of redemption. 
 The 2027 Senior Notes became redeemable on June 1, 2022 at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount thereof, and decrease to on June 1, 2023, on June 1, 2024 and are redeemable at par beginning on June 1, 2025. In each case, we pay the redemption premiums plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but not including, the date of redemption. 
 The 2029 Senior Notes may be redeemed, in whole or in part, on not less than 10, nor more than 60, days prior notice sent to the holders of the notes. The 4.625 2029 Senior Notes are redeemable prior to March 1, 2024, at a redemption price equal to 100 of the principal amount thereof plus a "make-whole" premium set forth in the indenture. We may also redeem up to 35 of the aggregate principal amount of the 4.625 2029 Senior Notes prior to March 1, 2024 at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount thereof with the net cash proceeds of one or more equity offerings. The 4.625 2029 Senior Notes are redeemable beginning on March 1, 2024, at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount thereof, decreasing to on March 1, 2025 and are redeemable at par beginning on March 1, 2026. In each case, we pay the redemption and "make-whole" premiums plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but not including, the date of redemption. 
 The 2031 Senior Notes may be redeemed, in whole or in part, on not less than 10, nor more than 60, days prior notice sent to the holders of the notes. The 4.875 2031 Senior Notes are redeemable prior to March 1, 2026, at a redemption price equal to 100 of the principal amount thereof plus a "make-whole" premium set forth in the indenture. We may also redeem up to 35 of the aggregate principal amount of the 4.875 2031 Senior Notes prior to March 1, 2026 at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount thereof with the net cash proceeds of one or more equity offerings. The 4.875 2031 Senior Notes are redeemable beginning on March 1, 2026, at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount thereof, decreasing to on March 1, 2027, on March 1, 2028 and are redeemable at par beginning on March 1, 2029. In each case, we pay the redemption and "make-whole" premiums plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but not including, the date of redemption. 
 The 2040 Senior Notes may be redeemed any time at our option upon not less than 30, nor more than 60, days' prior notice is sent to the holders. The 6.250 2040 Senior Notes are redeemable at a redemption price equal to the greater of (1) of the principal amount of the notes to be redeemed or (2) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on the notes to be redeemed, discounted to the redemption date on a semi-annual basis at the treasury rate plus 40 basis points, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but not including, the date of redemption. 
 In addition, if a change of control triggering event, as defined in the applicable indenture, occurs with respect to the unsecured notes, we will be required to offer to purchase the notes of the applicable series at a purchase price equal to of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but not including, the date of purchase. 
 The terms of the unsecured notes contain certain customary covenants; however, there are no financial covenants. 
 AK STEEL CORPORATION UNSECURED SENIOR NOTES 
 As of December 31, 2022, AK Steel had outstanding a total of million aggregate principal amount of 7.000 2027 AK Senior Notes. These senior notes are unsecured obligations and rank equally in right of payment with AK Steel's guarantees of Cliffs' unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness. These notes contain no financial covenants. 
 82 | CLF 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 2027 AK Senior Notes may be redeemed, in whole or in part, at any time at our option upon not less than 30, and not more than 60, days' prior notice sent to the holders. The 7.000 2027 AK Senior Notes became redeemable on March 15, 2022 at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount thereof, and decrease to on March 15, 2023, on March 15, 2024 and are redeemable at par beginning on March 15, 2025. In each case, we pay the redemption premiums plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but not including, the date of redemption. 
 ABL FACILITY 
 We have an ABL Facility which provides for up to billion in borrowings, including a million sublimit for the issuance of letters of credit and a million sublimit for swingline loans. The ABL Facility will mature upon the earlier of March 13, 2025 or 91 days prior to the maturity of certain other material debt. Availability under the ABL Facility is limited to an eligible borrowing base, as applicable, determined by applying customary advance rates to eligible accounts receivable, inventory and certain mobile equipment. 
 The ABL Facility and certain bank products and hedge obligations are guaranteed by certain of our existing wholly owned U.S. subsidiaries and are required to be guaranteed by certain of our future U.S. subsidiaries. Amounts outstanding under the ABL Facility are secured by (i) a first-priority security interest in the accounts receivable and other rights to payment, inventory, as-extracted collateral, certain investment property, deposit accounts, securities accounts, certain general intangibles and commercial tort claims, certain mobile equipment, commodities accounts and other related assets of ours, the other borrowers and the guarantors, and proceeds and products of each of the foregoing (collectively, the ABL Collateral and (ii) a second-priority security interest in substantially all of our assets and the assets of the other borrowers and the guarantors other than the ABL Collateral. 
 Borrowings under the ABL Facility bear interest, at our option, at a base rate or, if certain conditions are met, a LIBOR rate, in each case, plus an applicable margin. We may amend our ABL Facility to replace the LIBOR rate with one or more secured overnight financing based rates or an alternative benchmark rate, giving consideration to any evolving or then-existing convention for similar dollar denominated syndicated credit facilities for such alternative benchmarks. If we do not amend or replace the ABL Facility, the ABL Facility provides a mechanism to automatically transition to a SOFR-based benchmark when all U.S. dollar LIBOR settings are no longer provided or are no longer representative. 
 The ABL Facility contains customary representations and warranties and affirmative and negative covenants including, among others, covenants regarding the maintenance of certain financial ratios if certain conditions are triggered, covenants relating to financial reporting, covenants relating to the payment of dividends on, or purchase or redemption of, our capital stock, covenants relating to the incurrence or prepayment of certain debt, covenants relating to the incurrence of liens or encumbrances, covenants relating to compliance with laws, covenants relating to transactions with affiliates, covenants relating to mergers and sales of all or substantially all of our assets and limitations on changes in the nature of our business. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we were in compliance with the ABL Facility liquidity requirements and, therefore, the springing financial covenant requiring a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio of 1.0 to 1.0 was not applicable. 
 The ABL Facility provides for customary events of default, including, among other things, the event of nonpayment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts, a representation or warranty proving to have been materially incorrect when made, failure to perform or observe certain covenants within a specified period of time, a cross-default to certain material indebtedness, the bankruptcy or insolvency of the Company and certain of its subsidiaries, monetary judgment defaults of a specified amount, invalidity of any loan documentation, a change of control of the Company, and ERISA defaults resulting in liability of a specified amount. If an event of default exists (beyond any applicable grace or cure period), the administrative agent may, and at the direction of the requisite number of lenders shall, declare all amounts owing under the ABL Facility immediately due and payable, terminate such lenders commitments to make loans under the ABL Facility and/or exercise any and all remedies and other rights under the ABL Facility. For certain events of default related to insolvency and receivership, the commitments of the lenders will be automatically terminated and all outstanding loans and other amounts will become immediately due and payable. 
 Borrowings ) Letter of credit obligations 2 
 ) Borrowing capacity available 1 As of December 31, 2022, the ABL Facility has a maximum available borrowing base of billion. The borrowing base is determined by applying customary advance rates to eligible accounts receivable, inventory and certain mobile equipment. 
 2 We issued standby letters of credit with certain financial institutions in order to support business obligations including, but not limited to, workers' compensation, employee severance, insurance, operating agreements and environmental obligations. 
 
 83 | CLF 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 million paid in cash, and million common shares, with a fair value of million, delivered to noteholders in settlement of the premium due per the terms of the indenture, plus cash in respect of the accrued and unpaid interest on the 1.500 2025 Convertible Senior Notes to, but not including, the redemption date per the terms of the indenture. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we redeemed all million remaining aggregate principal amount outstanding of our 9.875 2025 Senior Secured Notes and all million aggregate principal amount outstanding of the IRBs with available liquidity. 
 Additionally, during the year ended December 31, 2022, we repurchased million in aggregate principal amount of our outstanding senior notes of various tranches with available liquidity at an average price of of par. 
 ) 6.750 2026 Senior Secured Notes ) 1.500 2025 Convertible Senior Notes ) 4.625 2029 Senior Notes 4.875 2024 Senior Secured Notes 6.250 2040 Senior Notes IRBs Total ) 
 DEBT MATURITIES 

labor agreement with the USW was ratified. The contract became effective on October 1, 2022, and covers approximately USW-represented employees at our United Taconite, Hibbing Taconite, Tilden and Empire mines. For the affected defined benefit pension plans, we agreed to increase the pre-2023 service multiplier to and the service multiplier applicable to service beginning in 2023 to for retirements after January 1, 2023. For the affected OPEB plans, we introduced a new Medicare Advantage plan to the Medicare-eligible retirees. Effective January 1, 2023, all Medicare-eligible retirees covered under this agreement will switch to this plan. The Medicare Advantage plan will offer similar benefits to the previous healthcare plan but will have significantly lower premiums due to increased government subsidies and our successful use of scale to negotiate better healthcare rates with our vendors. 
 84 | CLF 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 labor agreement with the USW, covering USW-represented employees at operating locations, was ratified. For the affected defined benefit pension plans, we agreed to increase the pre-2023 service multiplier to and the service multiplier applicable to service beginning in 2023 to for retirements after January 1, 2023. For the affected OPEB plans, we implemented a cap on healthcare costs for employees retiring after January 1, 2026. Separate from the labor agreements, we negotiated favorable Medicare Advantage Prescription Drug healthcare rates, which will go into effect January 1, 2023. Additionally, we paused the contribution requirement to the Cleveland-Cliffs Steel LLC VEBA based on earnings for the remainder of the labor agreement with the USW, which expires in September of 2026. 
 Additionally, we increased our contribution rate to the Steelworkers Pension Trust by to per eligible hour with both agreements. The increase was effective November 1, 2022. 
 These labor agreements triggered interim remeasurements on their ratification dates. All affected plans were remeasured again at December 31, 2022. 
 OBLIGATIONS AND FUNDED STATUS 
 Service cost Interest cost Plan amendments ) Actuarial gain ) ) ) ) Benefits paid ) ) ) ) Participant contributions Effect of settlement ) ) Other Benefit obligations end of year Change in plan assets: Fair value of plan assets beginning of year Actual return on plan assets ) ) Participant contributions Employer contributions Benefits paid ) ) ) ) Effect of settlement ) ) Fair value of plan assets end of year Funded status ) ) ) ) Amounts recognized in Statements of Financial Position: Non-current assets Current liabilities ) ) ) ) Non-current liabilities ) ) ) ) Total amount recognized ) ) ) ) Amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive loss (income): Net actuarial gain ) ) ) ) Prior service cost (credit) ) Net amount recognized ) ) ) ) 
 The accumulated benefit obligation for all defined benefit pension plans was million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 85 | CLF 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) ) ) ) Amortization: Net actuarial loss (gain) ) Prior service costs (credits) ) ) ) Settlements ) ) ) Net periodic benefit cost (credit) ) ) ) 
 For 2023, we estimate net periodic benefit cost (credit) as follows: 
 (In millions) Defined benefit pension plans ) OPEB plans ) Total ) 
 COMPONENTS OF OTHER COMPREHENSIVE LOSS (INCOME)) ) ) ) Demographic updates ) ) Mortality Per capita healthcare costs 1 
 ) ) Other ) ) ) ) Actuarial gain on benefit obligation ) ) ) ) Actual returns on assets under (over) expected ) Amortization of net actuarial gain (loss) ) ) ) Amortization of prior service credits (costs) ) ) Settlements Plan amendments 2 
 ) Total recognized in other comprehensive loss (income) ) ) ) 1 The gain in per capita healthcare costs in 2022 relating to our OPEB plans is primarily due to the negotiation of favorable Medicare Advantage Prescription Drug healthcare rates, which will go into effect January 1, 2023. Additionally, we expanded the Medicare Advantage program to retirees on some of our other plans which added additional savings. The negotiated rates extend through 2025. 
 2 The plan amendment loss related to our pension plans is attributable to the increase to the pre-2023 service multiplier to and the service multiplier applicable to service beginning in 2023 to for retirements after January 1, 2023. The plan amendment gain related to our OPEB plans is attributable to the implementation of a cap on healthcare costs for employees retiring after January 1, 2026 on one of our Cleveland-Cliffs Steel LLC plans as well as the extension of the Medicare Advantage offering to plans that previously didn't have the program. 
 
 86 | CLF 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

2022 2023 (Expected) 1 The 2021 pension contributions include million in deferred 2020 pension contributions in connection with the CARES Act that were paid on January 4, 2021. 
 2 Pursuant to the applicable bargaining agreements, benefits can be paid from certain VEBAs that are at least 70 funded (all VEBAs were over 70 funded at December 31, 2022). Certain agreements with plans holding VEBA assets have capped healthcare costs. For the Cleveland-Cliffs Steel LLC VEBA, we are required to make contributions based on earnings, and we may withdraw money from the VEBA plan to the extent funds are available for costs in excess of the cap. VEBA withdrawals are represented net of direct payments. There will be no further contributions to the Cleveland-Cliffs Steel LLC VEBA based on earnings for the remainder of labor agreement with the USW which expires September of 2026. 
 
 ESTIMATED FUTURE BENEFIT PAYMENTS 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028-2032 1 OPEB benefit payments are displayed net of participant contributions. 
 
 ASSUMPTIONS 
 The discount rates used to measure plan liabilities as of the December 31 measurement date are determined individually for each plan. The discount rates are determined by matching the projected cash flows used to determine the plan liabilities to a projected yield curve of high-quality corporate bonds available at the measurement date. Discount rates for expense are calculated using the granular approach for each plan. 
 Depending on the plan, we use either company-specific base mortality tables or tables issued by the Society of Actuaries. For tables issued by the Society of Actuaries, we use Pri-2012 mortality tables with adjustments for blue collar, white collar or no collar depending on the plan. Mortality is projected for all plans using Scale MP-2021 with generational projection for both years. 
 Interest crediting rate N/A N/A Compensation rate increase 
 87 | CLF 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Service cost discount rate Interest cost discount rate Interest crediting rate N/A N/A N/A Expected return on plan assets Compensation rate increase 
 Ultimate health care cost trend rate Year that the ultimate rate is reached 1 The health care trend rate for the next year is weighted for all of our OPEB plans and factors in our Medicare Advantage Prescription Drug pricing arrangements. 
 
 PLAN ASSETS 
 Our investment objectives with respect to our pension and OPEB assets are to maximize investment returns within reasonable and prudent levels of risk and maintain sufficient liquidity to meet benefit obligations over the life of each plan. The asset allocations are tailored to each individual plan and are determined by analyzing each plan's duration of benefit obligations, funded status and risk profile. Our investment strategy utilizes a broad mix of equity, fixed income and alternative investments to generate returns and manage risk. Equity investments are diversified across large-cap, mid-cap and small-cap companies located in the U.S. and worldwide, with a bias towards U.S. companies. Fixed income investments primarily include corporate bonds and government debt securities, which are generally customized based on a plan's obligation duration. To enhance our diversification, we also invest in hedge funds, private equity, structured credit, real estate and absolute return fixed income. 
 We review investment performance, asset allocations and policy compliance on a quarterly basis. In the fourth quarter of 2022, we increased our fixed income allocation for one of our more mature pension plans, which totaled billion on December 31, 2022. We also transitioned billion of pension and OPEB assets to be managed by an external investment advisor in a delegated manner. Due to the timing of this transition, the 2023 target allocation will not match our actual December 31, 2022 asset mix, as the investment strategy will require us to start reallocating assets in the first quarter of 2023. The anticipated changes in our asset allocation will be reflected in our 2023 expected return on assets. 
 The expected return on plan assets are calculated on a plan-by-plan basis and take into account each plan's strategic asset allocation. The calculation of rates by asset class are based primarily on our future expected returns and take into consideration the duration of the cash flows, active management and fees. 
 88 | CLF 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

Fixed income Hedge funds Private equity Structured credit Real estate Absolute return fixed income Total 
 FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS 
 Investments classified as Level 1 primarily include equity investments and fixed income mutual funds that are based on observable quoted market prices on an active exchange. Fixed income investments classified as Level 2 include U.S. Treasury STRIPS which are priced daily through a bond pricing vendor as well as corporate bonds, mortgage-backed securities and non-US bonds which have valuations based on their bid-ask spreads or quoted prices of securities with similar characteristics. 
 Hedge funds, private equity, structured credit and real estate investments are classified as Level 3 due to the absence of quoted market prices and inherent lack of liquidity. These investments are generally valued at estimated fair value based on financial inputs from our investment advisors, investment managers or third party appraisers. 
 Investment commitments are made in private equity funds and capital calls are made over the life of the funds to fund the commitments. As of December 31, 2022, remaining commitments for our private equity investments total million for our pension and OPEB plans. Committed amounts are funded from plan assets when capital calls are made. 
 As a practical expedient, in accordance with ASC 820-10, certain investments that are measured at fair value using the NAV per share have not been classified in the fair value hierarchy below. NAV is based on the value of the underlying assets owned by the fund, minus its liabilities, and then divided by its number of shares outstanding. 
 Global equities Fixed income: U.S. government securities 1 
 U.S. corporate bonds Non U.S. and other bonds Hedge funds Private equity Structured credit Real estate Absolute return fixed income Total 1 Includes cash equivalents. 

89 | CLF 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Global equities Fixed income: U.S. government securities 1 
 U.S. corporate bonds Hedge funds Private equity Structured credit Real estate Absolute return fixed income Total 1 Includes cash equivalents. 
 
 Actual return on plan assets: Relating to assets still held at the reporting date ) Relating to assets sold during the period Purchases Sales ) ) ) ) Acquired through business combinations Ending balance December 31 
 DEFINED CONTRIBUTION PLANS 
 Most employees are eligible to participate in various defined contribution plans. Certain of these plans have features with matching contributions or other Company contributions based on our financial results. Company contributions to these plans are expensed as incurred. Total expense from these plans was million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 MULTlEMPLOYER PLANS 
 We contribute to multiemployer pension plans according to collective bargaining agreements that cover certain union-represented employees. The risks of participating in these multiemployer plans are different from the risks of participating in single-employer pension plans in the following respects: 
 Assets contributed to a multiemployer plan by one employer may be used to provide benefits to employees of other participating employers. 
 If a participating employer stops contributing to a multiemployer plan, the unfunded obligations of the plan may be borne by the remaining participating employers. 
 If the multiemployer plan becomes significantly underfunded or is unable to pay its benefits, we may be required to contribute additional amounts in excess of the rate required by the collective bargaining agreements. 
 If we choose to stop participating in a multiemployer plan, we may be required to pay that plan an amount based on the underfunded status of the plan, referred to as a withdrawal liability. 
 90 | CLF 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

4/1/2025 to 9/1/2026 IAM National Pension Fund s National Pension Plan 51-6031295/ 
 Yes 5/15/2023 to 6/15/2025 Other Plans 5 
 Total 115 104 30 1 The most recent Pension Protection Act zone status available in 2022 and 2021 is for each plan's year-end at December 31, 2021 and 2020. The plan's actuary certifies the zone status. Generally, plans in the red zone are less than 65 funded, plans in the yellow zone are between 65 and 80 funded, and plans in the green zone are at least 80 funded. The IAM National Pension Fund's National Pension Plan voluntarily elected to place itself in the "Red Zone" in April 2019 and has implemented a rehabilitation plan to address its underfunded status. Additional contributions will be required as part of the rehabilitation plan until the plan exits the "Red Zone". 
 2 The "FIP/RP Status Pending/Implemented" column indicates plans for which a financial improvement plan or a rehabilitation plan is either pending or has been implemented, as defined by ERISA. 
 3 The surcharge represents an additional required contribution due as a result of the critical funding status of the plan. 
 4 We are a party to six collective bargaining agreements that require contributions to the Steelworkers Pension Trust and three collective bargaining agreements that require contributions to the IAM National Pension Fund's National Pension Plan. 
 5 Plans that are not individually significant to our Company are presented in aggregate. 
 
 With the ratification of our USW labor agreements in 2022, we increased our contribution rate to the Steelworkers Pension Trust by to per eligible hour. The increase was effective November 1, 2022. 
 We are one of the largest contributors to the Steelworkers Pension Trust. Our contributions exceeded 5 of total combined contributions in 2022 and 2021. As of January 1, 2022 (the last date for which we have information), the Steelworkers Pension Trust had a total actuarial liability of million and assets with a market value of million, for a funded ratio of about . 
 
 million new common shares plus million shares remaining available under the A R 2015 Equity Plan. As of December 31, 2022, there were million remaining shares available for grant under the 2021 Equity Plan. No additional grants were issued from the 2012 Amended Equity Plan or the A R 2015 Equity Plan after the date of approval of the 2021 Equity Plan; however, all awards previously granted under the predecessor plans will continue in accordance with the terms of the outstanding awards. 
 91 | CLF 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents ) ) Selling, general and administrative expenses ) ) ) Acquisition-related costs ) Stock based compensation expense ) ) ) Income tax benefit Stock based compensation expense, net of tax ) ) ) Decrease in basic earnings per common share ) ) ) Decrease in diluted earnings per common share ) ) ) 
 The total compensation cost related to outstanding awards not yet recognized is million at December 31, 2022. This expense is expected to be recognized over the remaining weighted-average period of years. 
 PERFORMANCE SHARES 
 Granted Granted - replacement awards Distributed ) ) ) Performance adjustment Forfeited/canceled ) ) ) Outstanding at end of year 
 On March 13, 2020, we granted million long-term performance plan awards and million performance shares as AK Steel replacement awards. The long-term performance plan awards are based on a three-year Adjusted EBITDA metric. 
 We value our performance shares using a Monte Carlo simulation on the grant date. The outstanding performance shares vest over a period of and are intended to be paid out in common shares. Performance is measured on the basis of relative TSR for the period and measured against the constituents of the S P Metals and Mining ETF Index. The number of shares actually earned at the end of the three-year period will vary, based on performance, from to of the number of performance shares granted. 
 RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS 
 Granted Granted - replacement awards Distributed ) ) ) Forfeited/canceled ) ) ) Outstanding at end of year 
 92 | CLF 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 cliff vesting terms. 
 STOCK OPTIONS 
 Granted - replacement awards Exercised ) ) ) Forfeited/canceled ) Outstanding at end of year Exercisable at end of year 
 Stock options granted to date generally vest over a period from one to with an expiration date at from the date of grant. On March 13, 2020, we granted million options as AK Steel replacement awards. The weighted average fair value of the converted options was per share and was calculated using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. 
 The total intrinsic value of options exercised in 2022 was million and the amount in 2021 was million. For options outstanding at December 31, 2022, the weighted-average remaining contractual life was years and the aggregate intrinsic value was million. For options exercisable at December 31, 2022, the weighted-average remaining contractual life was years and the aggregate intrinsic value was million. 
 NONEMPLOYEE DIRECTORS 
 Our nonemployee directors are entitled to receive restricted share awards under the Directors Plan. For 2022, 2021 and 2020, nonemployee directors were granted a specified number of restricted shares, with a value equal to , and , respectively. The number of shares is based on the closing price of our common shares on the date of the Annual Meeting. The restricted share awards issued under the Directors' Plan generally vest 12 months from the grant date. The awards are subject to any deferral election and the terms of the Directors Plan and an award agreement. 
 
 ) Foreign ) ) Total ) 
 93 | CLF 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 ) United States state local Foreign ) ) Deferred provision (benefit): United States federal ) United States state local ) ) Foreign ) ) ) Total income tax provision (benefit) from continuing operations ) 
 ) Increase (decrease) due to: Percentage depletion in excess of cost depletion ) ) ) ) ) State taxes, net ) Federal state provision to return ) Other items, net ) ) ) Provision for income tax expense (benefit) and effective income tax rate including discrete items ) 
 The decrease in income tax expense in 2022, as compared to the prior year, is directly related to the decrease in the pre-tax book income year-over-year. 
 The increase in income tax expense in 2021 from income tax benefit in 2020 is directly correlated to the increase in pre-tax book income year-over-year.) ) ) Derivative financial instruments ) ) Total ) ) ) 
 94 | CLF 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Pension and OPEB liabilities Environmental Product inventories State and local Lease liabilities Other liabilities Total deferred tax assets before valuation allowance Deferred tax asset valuation allowance ) ) Net deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Investment in ventures ) ) Lease assets ) ) Property, plant and equipment and mineral rights ) ) Other assets ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax assets (liabilities) ) ) 
 We had gross domestic (including states) and foreign NOLs of million and million, respectively, at December 31, 2022. We had gross domestic (including states) and foreign NOLs of million and million, respectively, at December 31, 2021. The U.S. federal NOLs will begin to expire in 2034 and state NOLs begin to expire in 2023. The foreign NOLs begin to expire in 2035. We had gross interest expense limitation carryforwards of million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. This interest expense can be carried forward indefinitely. 
 Change in valuation allowance: Included in income tax benefit ) ) ) Increase (decrease) from acquisitions ) Balance at end of year 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, we have a valuation allowance recorded of million and million, respectively, related to foreign deferred tax assets, and an additional million and million, respectively, against certain state NOLs, which are expected to expire before utilization. 
 During 2021, we recorded a decrease to the valuation allowance of million related to the election filed with our 2020 federal tax return to waive the pre-acquisition NOLs that are limited under Section 382 of the IRC. An offsetting decrease was recorded in the NOL deferred tax asset in the same period. These amounts related to a portion of the million valuation allowance recorded during 2020 through opening balance sheet adjustments to reflect the portion of federal and state NOLs that are limited under Section 382 of the IRC acquired through the AK Steel Merger. 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had cumulative undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries included in retained earnings. Accordingly, no provision has been made for U.S. deferred taxes related to future repatriation of earnings. 
 Increases for tax positions in current year Decrease due to tax positions in prior year ) ) ) Lapses in statutes of limitations ) Increases from acquisitions Unrecognized tax benefits balance as of December 31 
 95 | CLF 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Other non-current liabilities 
 If the unrecognized tax benefits were recognized, the full million would impact the effective tax rate. Interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits are million for the year ended December 31, 2022. We do not expect that the amount of unrecognized benefits will change significantly within the next 12 months. 
 Tax years 2016 and forward remain subject to examination for the U.S., and tax years 2018 and forward remain subject to examination for Canada. 
 
 Finance leases: Amortization of right-of-use assets Interest on lease liabilities Short-term leases Total 
 Other information related to leases was as follows: 
 Year Ended December 31, (In millions) 2022 2021 Cash paid for amounts included in measurement of lease liabilities: Operating leases within cash flows from operating activities Finance leases within cash flows from operating activities Finance leases within cash flows from financing activities Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new finance lease liabilities 1 
 Weighted-average remaining lease term - operating leases (in years) Weighted-average remaining lease term - finance leases (in years) Weighted-average discount rate - operating leases Weighted-average discount rate - finance leases 1 Right-of-use assets obtained in acquisitions are not included in this figure. 
 
 96 | CLF 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total future minimum lease payments Less: imputed interest Total lease payments Less: current portion of lease liabilities Long-term lease liabilities 

Less: current portion Long-term asset retirement obligations 1 Includes million and million related to our active operations as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Increase from acquisitions Reclassification from environmental obligations Accretion expense Remediation payments ) ) Revision in estimated cash flows Asset retirement obligation as of December 31 
 The increase from revision in estimated cash flows primarily relates to rising electricity costs associated with required water management systems related to closed coal mines in Pennsylvania. 
 97 | CLF 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 IRBs Level 1 ABL Facility - outstanding balance Level 2 Total 
 The valuation of financial assets classified in Level 2 was determined using a market approach based upon quoted prices for similar assets in active markets or other inputs that were observable. 
 
 Zinc Metric tons Not Applicable Electricity Megawatt hours January 2023 - December 2023 Tin Metric tons January 2023 - December 2023 
 Other non-current assets Other current liabilities ) ) Other non-current liabilities ) ) 
 
 billion. We are not obligated to make any purchases and the program may be suspended or 
 98 | CLF 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 million common shares at a cost of million in the aggregate. 
 1.500 2025 CONVERTIBLE SENIOR NOTES REDEMPTION 
 On December 1, 2021, we issued a notice of redemption for all million in aggregate principal amount outstanding of our 1.500 2025 Convertible Senior Notes. Our 1.500 2025 Convertible Senior Notes were redeemed on January 18, 2022, through a combination settlement, with the aggregate principal amount of million paid in cash, and million common shares, with a fair value of million, delivered to noteholders in settlement of the premium due per the terms of the indenture, plus cash in respect of the accrued and unpaid interest on the 1.500 2025 Convertible Senior Notes to, but not including, the redemption date per the terms of the indenture. 
 UNDERWRITTEN PUBLIC OFFERING 
 On February 11, 2021, we sold million of our common shares and million common shares were sold by an affiliate of ArcelorMittal in an underwritten public offering. In each case, shares were sold at a price per share of . Prior to this sale, ArcelorMittal held approximately million of our common shares, which were issued as a part of the consideration in connection with the AM USA Transaction. We did not receive any proceeds from the sale of the million common shares sold on behalf of ArcelorMittal. We used the net proceeds from the offering, plus cash on hand, to redeem million aggregate principal amount of our outstanding 2025 Senior Secured Notes. 
 SERIES B PARTICIPATING REDEEMABLE PREFERRED STOCK REDEMPTION 
 We had shares of our Series B Participating Redeemable Preferred Stock issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2020. During the third quarter of 2021, we redeemed all shares of our Series B Participating Redeemable Preferred Stock at a redemption price of billion using borrowings under our ABL Facility. 
 AMENDMENT TO ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION 
 On April 29, 2021, we filed a Certificate of Amendment to our Fourth Amended Articles of Incorporation, as amended, to increase the total number of authorized common shares from to . 
 PREFERRED STOCK 
 We have shares of Serial Preferred Stock, Class A, without par value, authorized, of which, are issued or outstanding as of December 31, 2022. We also have shares of Serial Preferred Stock, Class B, without par value, authorized, of which, are issued or outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 
 99 | CLF 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) ) Ending balance ) Derivative Instruments Beginning balance ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) Income tax ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications, net of tax ) Losses (gains) reclassified from AOCI to net income 1 
 ) ) Income tax expense (benefit) 2 
 ) Net losses (gains) reclassified from AOCI to net income ) ) Ending balance ) ) Pension and OPEB Beginning balance ) ) Other comprehensive income before reclassifications 4 
 Income tax ) ) ) Other comprehensive income before reclassifications, net of tax Losses (gains) reclassified from AOCI to net income 3 
 ) Income tax expense (benefit) 2 
 ) ) Net losses (gains) reclassified from AOCI to net income ) Ending balance ) Total AOCI Ending Balance ) 1 Amounts recognized in Cost of goods sold in the Statements of Consolidated Operations. 
 2 Amounts recognized in Income tax benefit (expense) in the Statements of Consolidated Operations. 
 3 Amounts recognized in Net periodic benefit credits other than service cost component in the Statements of Consolidated Operations. 
 4 Refer to NOTE 9 - PENSIONS AND OTHER POSTRETIREMENT BENEFITS for further information. 

million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which was included in our consolidated Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes . 
 100 | CLF 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

Property, plant and equipment, net Accounts payable ) ) Other assets (liabilities), net ) ) Noncontrolling interests ) ) 
 
 ) Income from continuing operations attributable to noncontrolling interest ) ) ) Net income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to Cliffs shareholders ) Income from discontinued operations, net of tax Net income (loss) attributable to Cliffs shareholders ) Weighted average number of shares: Basic Redeemable preferred shares Convertible senior notes 1 
 Employee stock plans Diluted Earnings (loss) per common share attributable to Cliffs common shareholders - basic 2 : 
 Continuing operations ) Discontinued operations ) Earnings (loss) per common share attributable to Cliffs common shareholders - diluted: Continuing operations ) Discontinued operations ) 1 On January 1, 2022, we adopted ASU 2020-06, Debt - Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging - Contracts in Entity's Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40). We utilized the modified retrospective method of adoption; using this approach, the guidance was applied to transactions outstanding as of the beginning of the fiscal year. 
 2 For the year ended December 31, 2021, basic earnings per share was calculated by dividing Net income (loss) attributable to Cliffs shareholders , less million of earnings attributed to Series B Participating Redeemable Preferred Stock, by the weighted average number of basic common shares outstanding during the period presented. 

101 | CLF 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

CONTINGENCIES 
 We are currently the subject of, or party to, various claims and legal proceedings incidental to our current and historical operations. These claims and legal proceedings are subject to inherent uncertainties and unfavorable rulings could occur. An unfavorable ruling could include monetary damages, additional funding requirements or an injunction. If an unfavorable ruling were to occur, there exists the possibility of a material adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations for the period in which the ruling occurs or future periods. However, based on currently available information we do not believe that any pending claims or legal proceedings will result in a material adverse effect in relation to our consolidated financial statements. 
 ENVIRONMENTAL CONTINGENCIES 
 Although we believe our operating practices have been consistent with prevailing industry standards, hazardous materials may have been released at operating sites or third-party sites in the past, including operating sites that we no longer own. If we reasonably can, we estimate potential remediation expenditures for those sites where future remediation efforts are probable based on identified conditions, regulatory requirements, or contractual obligations arising from the sale of a business or facility. For sites involving government required investigations, we typically make an estimate of potential remediation expenditures only after the investigation is complete and when we better understand the nature and scope of the remediation. In general, the material factors in these estimates include the costs associated with investigations, delineations, risk assessments, remedial work, governmental response and oversight, site monitoring, and preparation of reports to the appropriate environmental agencies. 
 
 The decrease in environmental obligations relates to a reclassification of million from environmental to asset retirement obligations as of December 31, 2022. 
 We cannot predict the ultimate costs for each site with certainty because of the evolving nature of the investigation and remediation process. Rather, to estimate the probable costs, we must make certain assumptions. The most significant of these assumptions is for the nature and scope of the work that will be necessary to investigate and remediate a particular site and the cost of that work. Other significant assumptions include the cleanup technology that will be used, whether and to what extent any other parties will participate in paying the investigation and remediation costs, reimbursement of past response costs and future oversight costs by governmental agencies, and the reaction of the governing environmental agencies to the proposed work plans. Costs for future investigation and remediation are not discounted to their present value, unless the amount and timing of the cash disbursements are readily known. To the extent that we have been able to reasonably estimate future liabilities, we do not believe that there is a reasonable possibility that we will incur a loss or losses that exceed the amounts we accrued for the environmental matters discussed below that would, either individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. However, since we recognize amounts in the consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP that exclude potential losses that are not probable or that may not be currently estimable, the ultimate costs of these environmental matters may be higher than the liabilities we currently have recorded in our consolidated financial statements. 
 Pursuant to RCRA (Resource Conservation and Recovery Act), which governs the treatment, handling and disposal of hazardous waste, the EPA and authorized state environmental agencies may conduct inspections of RCRA-regulated facilities to identify areas where there have been releases of hazardous waste or hazardous constituents into the environment and may order the facilities to take corrective action to remediate such releases. Likewise, the EPA or the states may require closure or post-closure care of residual, industrial and hazardous waste management units. Environmental regulators have the authority to inspect all of our facilities. While we cannot predict the future actions of these regulators, it is possible that they may identify conditions in future inspections of these facilities that they believe require corrective action. 
 Pursuant to CERCLA, the EPA and state environmental authorities have conducted site investigations at some of our facilities and other third-party facilities, portions of which previously may have been used for disposal of materials that are currently regulated. The results of these investigations are still pending, and we could be directed to spend funds for remedial activities at the former disposal areas. Because of the uncertain status of these investigations, however, we cannot reasonably predict whether or when such spending might be required or its magnitude. 
 102 | CLF 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 million civil penalty, along with other terms and conditions. Other parties to the consent decree include the United States, the State of Indiana, ELPC and HEC. The ELPC/HEC civil litigation was dismissed with prejudice on May 12, 2022. In addition, ArcelorMittal Burns Harbor LLC was served with a subpoena on December 5, 2019, from the United States District Court for the Northern District of Indiana, relating to the August 2019 event and has responded to the subpoena requests, including follow-up requests. With the resolution of monetary sanctions and injunctive relief requirements under the consent decree, we do not believe that the costs to resolve any other third-party claims, including potential natural resource damages claims, that may arise out of the August 2019 event are likely to have, individually or in the aggregate, a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
 In addition to the foregoing matters, we are or may be involved in proceedings with various regulatory authorities that may require us to pay fines, comply with more rigorous standards or other requirements or incur capital and operating expenses for environmental compliance. We believe that the ultimate disposition of any such proceedings will not have, individually or in the aggregate, a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
 TAX MATTERS 
 The calculation of our tax liabilities involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax regulations. We recognize liabilities for anticipated tax audit issues based on our estimate of whether, and the extent to which, additional taxes will be due. If we ultimately determine that payment of these amounts is unnecessary, we reverse the liability and recognize a tax benefit during the period in which we determine that the liability is no longer necessary. We also recognize tax benefits to the extent that it is more likely than not that our positions will be sustained when challenged by the taxing authorities. To the extent we prevail in matters for which liabilities have been established, or are required to pay amounts in excess of our liabilities, our effective tax rate in a given period could be materially affected. An unfavorable tax settlement would require use of our cash and result in an increase in our effective tax rate in the year of resolution. A favorable tax settlement would be recognized as a reduction in our effective tax rate in the year of resolution. Refer to NOTE 11 - INCOME TAXES for further information. 
 OTHER CONTINGENCIES 
 In addition to the matters discussed above, there are various pending and potential claims against us and our subsidiaries involving product liability, personal injury, commercial, employee benefits and other matters arising in the ordinary course of business. Because of the considerable uncertainties that exist for any claim, it is difficult to reliably or accurately estimate what the amount of a loss would be if a claimant prevails. If material assumptions or factual understandings we rely on to evaluate exposure for these contingencies prove to be inaccurate or otherwise change, we may be required to record a liability for an adverse outcome. If, however, we have reasonably evaluated potential future liabilities for all of these contingencies, including those described more specifically above, it is our opinion, unless we otherwise noted, that the ultimate liability from these contingencies, individually or in the aggregate, should not have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 
 103 | CLF 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the shareholders and the Board of Directors of 
 Cleveland-Cliffs Inc. 
 OPINION ON THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 We have audited the accompanying statements of consolidated financial position of Cleveland-Cliffs Inc. and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of consolidated operations, comprehensive income, cash flows, and changes in equity, for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated February 14, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 
 BASIS FOR OPINION 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 CRITICAL AUDIT MATTER 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 MINERAL RESERVES ASSET RETIREMENT OBLIGATIONS, VALUATION OF GOODWILL AND LONG-LIVED ASSETS AND DEPRECIATION, DEPLETION AND AMORTIZATION OF PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT REFER TO NOTES 5, 6, 7 AND 13 TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 Iron ore mineral reserve estimates, combined with estimated annual production levels, are used to determine the iron ore mine closure dates utilized in recording the fair value liability for asset retirement obligations for active operating iron ore mines. Since the liability represents the present value of the expected future obligation, a significant change in iron ore mineral reserves or iron ore mine lives could have a substantial effect on the recorded obligation. Iron ore mineral reserve estimates are also used in evaluating potential impairments of goodwill and iron ore mine asset groups as they are indicative of future cash flows and in determining maximum useful lives utilized to calculate depreciation, depletion and amortization of long-lived iron ore mine assets. 
 The Company performs an in-depth evaluation of its iron ore mineral reserve estimates by iron ore mine on a periodic basis, in addition to routine annual assessments. The determination of iron ore mineral reserves requires management, with the support of management s experts, to make significant estimates and assumptions related to key inputs including (1) the determination of the size and scope of the iron ore body through technical modeling, (2) the estimates of future iron ore prices recognizing that the price shall not exceed the three-year trailing average index price of iron ore adjusted to the Company s realized price, production costs and capital expenditures, and (3) management s mine plan for the proven and probable iron ore mineral reserves (collectively the iron ore mineral reserve inputs ). Changes in any of the judgments or assumptions related to the iron ore mineral reserve inputs can have a significant impact with respect to the accrual for asset retirement obligations, the impairment of goodwill and long-lived asset groups and the amount of depreciation, depletion and amortization expense. The consolidated asset retirement obligation balance was 520 million as of December 31, 2022, of which 196 million related to active iron ore mine operations. The total goodwill balance associated with the Company s Steelmaking reportable segment was 956 million as of December 31, 2022. The total asset balance associated with the Company s Steelmaking reportable segment was 18,070 million as of December 31, 2022, of which 1,559 million related to long-lived assets associated with the Company s combined iron ore mine asset groups. 
 104 | CLF 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Depreciation, depletion and amortization expense for the Company s combined iron ore mine asset groups was 161 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Given the significant judgments and assumptions made by management to estimate iron ore mineral reserves and the sensitivity of changes to iron ore mineral reserve estimates on the Company s recorded asset retirement obligations, goodwill and long-lived asset impairment considerations and calculated depreciation, depletion and amortization expense, performing audit procedures to evaluate the reasonableness of management s judgments and estimates related to the iron ore mineral reserve inputs required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort. 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 Our audit procedures related to management s significant judgments and assumptions related to iron ore mineral reserve quantities and the related iron ore mine closure dates included the following, among others: 
 We tested the operating effectiveness of internal controls related to the Company s estimation of iron ore mineral reserve quantities and the related iron ore mine closure dates. 
 We evaluated the experience, qualifications and objectivity of management s experts, including in-house iron ore mine engineers and the third-party Qualified Person. 
 For an iron ore mine subject to the Company s routine annual assessment we evaluated management s assessment by: 
 Understanding the process used by management to survey and analyze the geological and operational status of current year iron ore mine production. 
 Evaluating the historical accuracy of management s technical model as compared to actual iron ore mine production results. 
 Comparing the iron ore mine plan per the most recent Technical Report Summary, updated for current year depletion, to: 
 Presentations to the Audit Committee. 
 Asset retirement obligation valuation models, goodwill impairment analysis, information provided by asset group and depreciation, depletion and amortization expense calculations. 
 
 /s/ DELOITTE TOUCHE LLP 
 Cleveland, Ohio 
 February 14, 2023 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2004. 
 105 | CLF 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our President and Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure based solely on the definition of disclosure controls and procedures in Rule 13a-15(e) promulgated under the Exchange Act. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. 
 As of the end of the period covered by this report, we carried out an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our President and Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based on the foregoing, our President and Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 
 MANAGEMENT'S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as such term is defined under Rule 13a-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act. 
 Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the Company's consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 
 Internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit the preparation of the consolidated financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with appropriate authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company's assets that could have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Management conducted an assessment of the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 using the framework specified in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013), published by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 Based on such assessment, management has concluded that the Company's internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 The effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by (PCAOB ID No. ), an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report that appears herein. 
 February 14, 2023 
 CHANGES IN INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 
 There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting or in other factors that occurred during our last fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 106 | CLF 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the shareholders and the Board of Directors of 
 Cleveland-Cliffs Inc. 
 OPINION ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 
 We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Cleveland-Cliffs Inc. and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, of the Company and our report dated February 14, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 
 BASIS FOR OPINION 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 DEFINITION AND LIMITATIONS OF INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 /s/ DELOITTE TOUCHE LLP 

February 14, 2023 
 107 | CLF 2022 FORM 10-K 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 Not applicable. 
 108 | CLF 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 
 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 The information required to be furnished by this Item will be set forth in the definitive proxy statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (the "Proxy Statement") under the headings "Board Meetings and Committees Audit Committee", "Code of Business Conduct and Ethics", "Independence and Related Party Transactions", "Information Concerning Director Nominees and "Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports" and is incorporated herein by reference and made a part hereof from the Proxy Statement. The information regarding executive officers required by this Item is set forth in Part I - ITEM 1. Business hereof under the heading Information About Our Executive Officers , which information is incorporated herein by reference and made a part hereof. 
 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 The information required to be furnished by this Item will be set forth in the Proxy Statement under the headings Director Compensation , "Compensation Discussion and Analysis", Compensation Committee Report , Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation , "Compensation-Related Risk Assessment" and Executive Compensation and is incorporated herein by reference and made a part hereof from the Proxy Statement. 
 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 The information required to be furnished by this Item will be set forth in the Proxy Statement under the headings "Ownership of Equity Securities of the Company" and "Equity Compensation Plan Information" and is incorporated herein by reference and made a part hereof from the Proxy Statement. 
 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 The information required to be furnished by this Item will be set forth in the Proxy Statement under the heading Independence and Related Party Transactions and is incorporated herein by reference and made a part hereof from the Proxy Statement. 
 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 The information required to be furnished by this Item will be set forth in the Proxy Statement under the heading Ratification of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm and is incorporated herein by reference and made a part hereof from the Proxy Statement. 
 109 | CLF 2022 FORM 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 
 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 (a)(1) - List of Financial Statements 
 The following consolidated financial statements of Cleveland-Cliffs Inc. are included at ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA above: 
 Statements of Consolidated Financial Position - December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Statements of Consolidated Operations - Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Statements of Consolidated Comprehensive Income - Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Statements of Consolidated Cash Flows - Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Statements of Consolidated Changes in Equity - Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (a)(2) - Financial Statement Schedules 
 All schedules for which provision is made in the applicable accounting regulation of the SEC are not required under the related instructions or are inapplicable, and therefore have been omitted or are contained in the applicable financial statements or the notes thereto. 
 
 (a)(3) List of Exhibits 
 All documents referenced below have been filed pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 by Cleveland-Cliffs Inc., file number 1-09844, unless otherwise indicated. 
 Exhibit Number Exhibit Articles of Incorporation and Regulations of Cleveland-Cliffs Inc. 3.1 
 Fourth Amended Articles of Incorporation of Cliffs, as filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Ohio on September 25, 2020 (filed as Exhibit 3.2 to Cliffs Form 8-K on September 28, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference). 3.2 
 Certificate of Amendment to Fourth Amended Articles of Incorporation of Cliffs, as filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Ohio on December 7, 2020 (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to Cliffs' Form 8-K on December 9, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference). 3.3 
 Certificate of Amendment to Fourth Amended Articles of Incorporation of Cliffs, as amended, as filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Ohio on April 29, 2021 (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to Cliffs' Form 8-K on April 30, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 3.4 
 Regulations of Cliffs (filed as Exhibit 3.2 to Cliffs Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2011 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 Instruments defining rights of security holders, including indentures 4.1 
 Indenture, dated as of March 17, 2010, between Cliffs Natural Resources Inc. (n/k/a Cleveland-Cliffs Inc.) and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.3 to Cliffs Registration Statement on Form S-3 (Registration No. 333-186617) on February 12, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 4.2 
 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 20, 2010, between Cliffs Natural Resources Inc. (n/k/a Cleveland-Cliffs Inc.) and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, including Form of 6.25 Notes due 2040 (filed as Exhibit 4.4 to Cliffs Form 8-K on September 17, 2010 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 4.3 
 Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 31, 2011, between Cliffs Natural Resources Inc. (n/k/a Cleveland-Cliffs Inc.) and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (filed as Exhibit 4(b) to Cliffs Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2011 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 4.4 
 Seventh Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 7, 2013, between Cliffs Natural Resources Inc. (n/k/a Cleveland-Cliffs Inc.) and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to Cliffs' Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference). 4.5 
 Indenture, dated as of May 13, 2019, among Cleveland-Cliffs Inc., the Guarantors party thereto and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, including Form of 5.875 Senior Notes due 2027 (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to Cliffs' Form 8-K on May 14, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference). 4.6 
 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 13, 2020, among Cleveland-Cliffs Inc., the Additional Guarantors party thereto and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.4 to Cliffs' Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 110 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Number Exhibit 4.7 
 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 22, 2020, among Cleveland-Cliffs Inc., the Additional Guarantors party thereto and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.6 to Cliffs Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference). 4.8 
 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 9, 2020, among Cleveland-Cliffs Inc., the Additional Guarantors party thereto and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.24 to Cliffs Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference). 4.9 
 Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 18, 2020, among Cleveland-Cliffs Inc., the Additional Guarantors party thereto and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.25 to Cliffs Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference). 4.10 
 Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 22, 2021, among Cleveland-Cliffs Inc., the Additional Guarantor party thereto and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.11 to Cliffs Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 4.11 
 Indenture, dated as of March 13, 2020, among Cleveland-Cliffs Inc., the Guarantors party thereto and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee and first lien notes collateral agent, including Form of 6.75 Senior Secured Notes due 2026 (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to Cliffs Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference). 4.12 
 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 22, 2020, among Cleveland-Cliffs Inc., the Additional Guarantors party thereto and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee and first lien notes collateral agent (filed as Exhibit 4.9 to Cliffs Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference). 4.13 
 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 19, 2020, among Cleveland-Cliffs Inc., the Guarantors party thereto and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee and first lien notes collateral agent, including Form of 6.75 Senior Secured Notes due 2026 (filed as Exhibit 4.10 to Cliffs Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference). 4.14 
 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 9, 2020, among Cleveland-Cliffs Inc., the Additional Guarantors party thereto and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee and first lien notes collateral agent (filed as Exhibit 4.29 to Cliffs Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference). 4.15 
 Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 18, 2020, among Cleveland-Cliffs Inc., the Additional Guarantors party thereto and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee and first lien notes collateral agent (filed as Exhibit 4.30 to Cliffs Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference). 4.16 
 Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 22, 2021, among Cleveland-Cliffs Inc., the Additional Guarantor party thereto and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee and first lien notes collateral agent (filed as Exhibit 4.17 to Cliffs Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 4.17 
 Indenture, dated as of March 16, 2020, among Cleveland-Cliffs Inc., the Guarantors party thereto and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, including Form of 7.00 Senior Notes due 2027 (filed as Exhibit 4.7 to Cliffs Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference). 4.18 
 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 22, 2020, among Cleveland-Cliffs Inc., the Additional Guarantors party thereto and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.7 to Cliffs Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference). 4.19 
 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 9, 2020, among Cleveland-Cliffs Inc., the Additional Guarantors party thereto and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.38 to Cliffs Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference). 4.20 
 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 18, 2020, among Cleveland-Cliffs Inc., the Additional Guarantors party thereto and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.39 to Cliffs Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference). 4.21 
 Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 22, 2021, among Cleveland-Cliffs Inc., the Additional Guarantor party thereto and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.22 to Cliffs Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 4.22 
 Indenture, dated as of February 17, 2021, among Cleveland-Cliffs Inc., the Guarantors party thereto and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, including Forms of 4.625 Senior Guaranteed Notes due 2029 and 4.875 Senior Guaranteed Notes due 2031 (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to Cliffs' Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 4.23 
 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 22, 2021, among Cleveland-Cliffs Inc., the Additional Guarantor party thereto and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.30 to Cliffs Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 4.24 
 Form of Common Share Certificate (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to Cliffs Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 4.25 
 Description of Securities Registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (filed herewith). 
 
 111 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Number Exhibit Material contracts 10.1 
 Form of Change in Control Severance Agreement (covering newly hired officers) (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to Cliffs Form 8-K/A on September 16, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.2 
 Form of 2016 Change in Control Severance Agreement (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Cliffs 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.3 
 Cleveland-Cliffs Inc. 2012 Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Plan (Amended and Restated effective October 26, 2021) (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to Cliffs Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.4 
 Form of Director and Officer Indemnification Agreement between Cleveland-Cliffs Inc. and Directors and Officers (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Cliffs Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.5 
 Cleveland-Cliffs Inc. 2021 Nonemployee Directors Compensation Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Cliffs Form 8-K on April 30, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.6 
 Form of Restricted Shares Agreement for Nonemployee Directors (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to Cliffs Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.7 
 Form of Deferred Shares Agreement for Nonemployee Directors (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to Cliffs Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 10.8 
 Trust Agreement No. 1 (Amended and Restated effective June 1, 1997), dated June 12, 1997, by and between Cleveland-Cliffs Inc and KeyBank National Association, Trustee, with respect to the Cleveland-Cliffs Inc Supplemental Retirement Benefit Plan, Severance Pay Plan for Key Employees and certain executive agreements (filed as Exhibit 10.10 to Cliffs Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2011 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.9 
 Trust Agreement No. 1 Amendments to Exhibits, effective as of January 1, 2000, by and between Cleveland-Cliffs Inc and KeyBank National Association, as Trustee (filed as Exhibit 10.11 to Cliffs Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2011 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.10 
 First Amendment to Trust Agreement No. 1, effective September 10, 2002, by and between Cleveland-Cliffs Inc and KeyBank National Association, as Trustee (filed as Exhibit 10.12 to Cliffs Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2011 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.11 
 Second Amendment to Trust Agreement No. 1 between Cliffs Natural Resources Inc. (f/k/a Cleveland-Cliffs Inc) and KeyBank National Association, Trustee, entered into and effective as of December 31, 2008 (filed as Exhibit 10(y) to Cliffs Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2008 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.12 
 Third Amendment to Trust Agreement No. 1 between Cliffs Natural Resources Inc. (f/k/a Cleveland-Cliffs Inc) and KeyBank National Association, Trustee, entered into and effective as of July 28, 2014 (filed as Exhibit 10.15 to Cliffs Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.13 
 Amended and Restated Trust Agreement No. 2, effective as of October 15, 2002, by and between Cleveland-Cliffs Inc and KeyBank National Association, Trustee, with respect to Executive Agreements and Indemnification Agreements with the Company s Directors and certain Officers, the Company s Severance Pay Plan for Key Employees, and the Retention Plan for Salaried Employees (filed as Exhibit 10.14 to Cliffs Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2011 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.14 
 Second Amendment to Amended and Restated Trust Agreement No. 2 between Cliffs Natural Resources Inc. (f/k/a Cleveland-Cliffs Inc) and KeyBank National Association, Trustee, entered into and effective as of December 31, 2008 (filed as Exhibit 10(aa) to Cliffs Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2008 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.15 
 Third Amendment to Amended and Restated Trust Agreement No. 2 between Cliffs Natural Resources Inc. (f/k/a Cleveland-Cliffs Inc) and KeyBank National Association, Trustee, entered into and effective as of July 28, 2014 (filed as Exhibit 10.18 to Cliffs Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.16 
 Trust Agreement No. 7, dated as of April 9, 1991, by and between Cleveland-Cliffs Inc and KeyBank National Association, Trustee, with respect to the Cleveland-Cliffs Inc Supplemental Retirement Benefit Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.23 to Cliffs Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2011 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.17 
 First Amendment to Trust Agreement No. 7, by and between Cleveland-Cliffs Inc and KeyBank National Association, Trustee, dated as of March 9, 1992 (filed as Exhibit 10.24 to Cliffs Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2011 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.18 
 Second Amendment to Trust Agreement No. 7, dated November 18, 1994, by and between Cleveland-Cliffs Inc and KeyBank National Association, Trustee (filed as Exhibit 10.25 to Cliffs Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2011 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.19 
 Third Amendment to Trust Agreement No. 7, dated May 23, 1997, by and between Cleveland-Cliffs Inc and KeyBank National Association, Trustee (filed as Exhibit 10.26 to Cliffs Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2011 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 112 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Number Exhibit 10.20 
 Fourth Amendment to Trust Agreement No. 7, dated July 15, 1997, by and between Cleveland-Cliffs Inc and KeyBank National Association, Trustee (filed as Exhibit 10.27 to Cliffs Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2011 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.21 
 Amendment to Exhibits to Trust Agreement No. 7, effective as of January 1, 2000, by and between Cleveland-Cliffs Inc and KeyBank National Association, Trustee (filed as Exhibit 10.28 to Cliffs Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2011 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.22 
 Sixth Amendment to Trust Agreement No. 7 between Cliffs Natural Resources Inc. (f/k/a Cleveland-Cliffs Inc) and KeyBank National Association, Trustee, entered into and effective as of December 31, 2008 (filed as Exhibit 10(oo) to Cliffs Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2008 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.23 
 Seventh Amendment to Trust Agreement No. 7 between Cliffs Natural Resources Inc. (f/k/a Cleveland-Cliffs Inc) and KeyBank National Association, Trustee, entered into and effective as of July 28, 2014 (filed as Exhibit 10.34 to Cliffs Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.24 
 Trust Agreement No. 10, dated as of November 20, 1996, by and between Cleveland-Cliffs Inc and KeyBank National Association, Trustee, with respect to the Cleveland-Cliffs Inc Nonemployee Directors Compensation Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.36 to Cliffs Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2011 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.25 
 First Amendment to Trust Agreement No. 10 between Cliffs Natural Resources Inc. (f/k/a Cleveland-Cliffs Inc) and KeyBank National Association, Trustee, entered into and effective as of December 31, 2008 (filed as Exhibit 10(ww) to Cliffs Form 10-K for the period ended February 26, 2009 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.26 
 Second Amendment to Trust Agreement No. 10 between Cliffs Natural Resources Inc. (f/k/a Cleveland-Cliffs Inc) and KeyBank National Association, Trustee, entered into and effective as of July 28, 2014 (filed as Exhibit 10.45 to Cliffs Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.27 
 Separation and Release Agreement, by and between Maurice D. Harapiak and Cleveland-Cliffs Inc., effective April 22, 2022 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Cliffs' Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference). 10.28 
 Letter Agreement, by and between Lourenco Goncalves and Cliffs Natural Resources Inc., signed as of September 11, 2014 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Cliffs Form 8-K/A on September 16, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.29 
 Cleveland-Cliffs Inc and Subsidiaries Management Performance Incentive Plan Summary, effective January 1, 2004 (filed as Exhibit 10.47 to Cliffs Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2011 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.30 
 Cliffs Natural Resources Inc. 2017 Executive Management Performance Incentive Plan effective January 1, 2017 (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Cliffs' Form 8-K on April 27, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference). 10.31 
 Cliffs Natural Resources Inc. 2015 Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Cliffs Form 8-K on May 21, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.32 
 Cliffs Natural Resources Inc. Amended and Restated 2015 Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Cliffs Form 8-K on April 27, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.33 
 Form of Cleveland-Cliffs Inc. Amended and Restated 2015 Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan Restricted Stock Unit Award Memorandum and Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Cliffs Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference). 10.34 
 Form of Cleveland-Cliffs Inc. Amended and Restated 2015 Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan Performance Share Award Memorandum and Performance Share Award Agreement (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to Cliffs Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference). 10.35 
 Form of Cleveland-Cliffs Inc. Amended and Restated 2015 Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan Cash Incentive Award Memorandum (TSR) and Cash Incentive Award Agreement (TSR) (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to Cliffs Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference). 10.36 
 Cleveland-Cliffs Inc. 2021 Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Cliffs Form 8-K on April 30, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.37 
 Form of Cleveland-Cliffs Inc. 2021 Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan Restricted Stock Unit Award Memorandum and Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Cliffs Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference). 10.38 
 Form of Cleveland-Cliffs Inc. 2021 Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan Performance Share Award Memorandum (TSR) and Performance Share Award Agreement (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Cliffs Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference). 10.39 
 Form of Cleveland-Cliffs Inc. 2021 Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan Cash Incentive Award Memorandum (TSR) and Cash Incentive Award Agreement (TSR) (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to Cliffs Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 113 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Number Exhibit 10.40 
 Cleveland-Cliffs Inc. Supplemental Retirement Benefit Plan (as Amended and Restated effective October 26, 2021) (filed as Exhibit 10.40 to Cliffs Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.41 
 Asset-Based Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of March 13, 2020, among Cleveland-Cliffs Inc., the lenders party thereto from time to time and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Cliffs Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference). 10.42 
 First Amendment to Asset-Based Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of March 27, 2020, among Cleveland-Cliffs Inc., the lenders party thereto from time to time and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Cliffs Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference). 10.43 
 Second Amendment to Asset-Based Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of December 9, 2020, among Cleveland-Cliffs Inc., the lenders party thereto from time to time and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent (filed as Exhibit 10.42 to Cliffs Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference). 10.44 
 Third Amendment to Asset-Based Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of December 17, 2021, among Cleveland-Cliffs Inc., the lenders party thereto from time to time and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Cliffs Form 8-K on December 23, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 21 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant (filed herewith). 22 
 Schedule of the obligated group, including the parent and issuer and the subsidiary guarantors that have guaranteed the obligations under the 6.750 2026 Senior Secured Notes, the 5.875 2027 Senior Notes, the 7.000 2027 Senior Notes, the 4.625 2029 Senior Notes and the 4.875 2031 Senior Notes issued by Cleveland-Cliffs Inc. (filed herewith). 
 23.1 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (filed herewith). 23.2 
 Consent of SLR Consulting US LLC (f/k/a SLR International Corporation) regarding Hibbing Taconite Property, Minnesota, USA (filed herewith). 23.3 
 Consent of SLR Consulting US LLC (f/k/a SLR International Corporation) regarding Minorca Property, Minnesota, USA (filed herewith). 23.4 
 Consent of SLR Consulting US LLC (f/k/a SLR International Corporation) regarding Northshore Property, Minnesota, USA (filed herewith). 23.5 
 Consent of SLR Consulting US LLC (f/k/a SLR International Corporation) regarding United Taconite Property, Minnesota, USA (filed herewith). 23.6 
 Consent of SLR Consulting US LLC (f/k/a SLR International Corporation) regarding Tilden Property, Michigan, USA (filed herewith). 24 
 Power of Attorney (filed herewith). 31.1 
 Certification Pursuant to 15 U.S.C. Section 7241, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, signed and dated by Lourenco Goncalves as of February 14, 2023 (filed herewith). 
 31.2 
 Certification Pursuant to 15 U.S.C. Section 7241, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, signed and dated by Celso L. Goncalves Jr. as of February 14, 2023 (filed herewith). 
 32.1 
 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, signed and dated by Lourenco Goncalves, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Cleveland-Cliffs Inc., as of February 14, 2023 (filed herewith). 
 32.2 
 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, signed and dated by Celso L. Goncalves Jr., Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer of Cleveland-Cliffs Inc., as of February 14, 2023 (filed herewith). 
 95 
 Mine Safety Disclosures (filed herewith). 96.1 
 Technical Report Summary on the Hibbing Taconite Property, Minnesota, USA, prepared for the Company by SLR International Corporation with an effective date of December 31, 2021 (filed as Exhibit 96.1 to Cliffs Form 8-K on February 11, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference). 96.2 
 Technical Report Summary on the Minorca Property, Minnesota, USA, prepared for the Company by SLR International Corporation with an effective date of December 31, 2021 (filed as Exhibit 96.2 to Cliffs Form 8-K on February 11, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference). 96.3 
 Technical Report Summary on the Northshore Property, Minnesota, USA, prepared for the Company by SLR International Corporation with an effective date of December 31, 2021 (filed as Exhibit 96.3 to Cliffs Form 8-K on February 11, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference). 96.4 
 Technical Report Summary on the United Taconite Property, Minnesota, USA, prepared for the Company by SLR International Corporation with an effective date of December 31, 2021 (filed as Exhibit 96.4 to Cliffs Form 8-K on February 11, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 114 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Number Exhibit 96.5 
 Technical Report Summary on the Tilden Property, Michigan, USA, prepared for the Company by SLR International Corporation with an effective date of December 31, 2021 (filed as Exhibit 96.5 to Cliffs Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 101 The following financial information from Cleveland-Cliffs Inc.'s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 formatted in Inline XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language) includes: (i) the Statements of Consolidated Financial Position, (ii) the Statements of Consolidated Operations, (iii) the Statements of Consolidated Comprehensive Income, (iv) the Statements of Consolidated Cash Flows, (v) the Statements of Consolidated Changes in Equity, and (vi) Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 104 The cover page from this Annual Report on Form 10-K, formatted in Inline XBRL. 
 _______________ 
 Indicates management contract or other compensatory arrangement. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 None. 
 115 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 CLEVELAND-CLIFFS INC. By: /s/ K. A. Floriani Name: Kimberly A. Floriani Title: Senior Vice President, Controller Chief Accounting Officer Date: February 14, 2023 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Signatures Title Date /s/ C. L. Goncalves Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) February 14, 2023 C. L. Goncalves /s/ C. L. Goncalves Jr. Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) February 14, 2023 C. L. Goncalves Jr. /s/ K. A. Floriani Senior Vice President, Controller Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) February 14, 2023 K. A. Floriani Director February 14, 2023 J. T. Baldwin Director February 14, 2023 R. P. Fisher, Jr. Director February 14, 2023 W. K. Gerber Director February 14, 2023 S. M. Green Director February 14, 2023 R. S. Michael, III Director February 14, 2023 J. L. Miller Director February 14, 2023 G. Stoliar Director February 14, 2023 D. C. Taylor Director February 14, 2023 A. M. Yocum 
 The undersigned, by signing his name hereto, does sign and execute this Annual Report on Form 10-K pursuant to a Power of Attorney executed on behalf of the above-indicated directors of the registrant and filed herewith as Exhibit 24 on behalf of the registrant. 
 By: /s/ C. L. Goncalves Jr. (C. L. Goncalves Jr., as Attorney-in-Fact) 
 116 

<EX-4.25>
 2
 clf-2022123110xkex425.htm
 EX-4.25

Document 

EXHIBIT 4.25 
 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES REGISTERED UNDER 
 SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 The following is a summary of the terms and provisions of the common shares, par value 0.125 per share Common Shares ), of Cleveland-Cliffs Inc., an Ohio corporation (the Company ), and is qualified by reference to the Company s articles of incorporation and regulations, which are incorporated by reference herein and attached as exhibits to the Company s most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and to applicable provisions of Ohio law. 
 Common Shares 
 The Company has authorized 1,200,000,000 Common Shares. The holders of Common Shares are entitled to one vote for each share on all matters upon which shareholders have the right to vote and, upon proper notice, are entitled to cumulative voting rights in the election of directors. The Common Shares do not have any preemptive rights, are not subject to redemption and do not have the benefit of any sinking fund. Holders of Common Shares are entitled to receive such dividends as the Company s directors from time to time may declare out of funds legally available therefor. Entitlement to dividends is subject to the preferences granted to other classes of securities the Company has or may have outstanding in the future. In the event of the Company s liquidation, holders of Common Shares are entitled to share in any of the Company s assets remaining after satisfaction in full of its liabilities and satisfaction of such dividend and liquidation preferences as may be possessed by the holders of other classes of securities the Company has or may have outstanding in the future. 
 Preferred Stock 
 The Company has authorized 3,000,000 shares of serial preferred stock, Class A, without par value Class A Preferred Stock ), and 4,000,000 shares of serial preferred stock, Class B, without par value Class B Preferred Stock and, collectively with the Class A Preferred Stock, Preferred Stock ). Under the Company s articles of incorporation, the Company s board of directors can issue, without further shareholder action, up to 3,000,000 shares of Class A Preferred Stock and up to 4,000,000 shares of Class B Preferred Stock, in each case, with such rights and restrictions as the Company s board of directors may determine, subject to any shares of Preferred Stock of the applicable class then outstanding. 
 In some cases, the issuance of Preferred Stock could delay, defer or prevent a change in control and make it harder to remove present management, without further action by the Company s shareholders. Under some circumstances, Preferred Stock could also decrease the amount of earnings and assets available for distribution to holders of Common Shares if the Company liquidates or dissolves and could also restrict or limit dividend payments to holders of Common Shares. 
 Ohio Control Share Acquisition Statute 
 The Ohio Control Share Acquisition Statute requires the prior authorization of the shareholders of certain corporations in order for any person to acquire, either directly or indirectly, shares of that corporation that would entitle the acquiring person to exercise or direct the exercise of 20 or more of the voting power of that corporation in the election of directors or to exceed specified other percentages of voting power. In the event an acquiring person proposes to make such an acquisition, the person is required to deliver to the corporation a statement disclosing, among other things, the number of shares owned, directly or indirectly, by the person, the range of voting power that may result from the proposed acquisition and the identity of the acquiring person. Within 10 days after receipt of this statement, the corporation must call a special meeting of shareholders to vote on the proposed acquisition. The acquiring person may complete the proposed acquisition only if the acquisition is approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of the voting power of all shares entitled to vote in the election of directors represented at the meeting excluding the voting power of all interested shares. Interested shares include any shares held by the acquiring person and those held by officers and directors who are employees of the corporation as well as by certain others, including many holders commonly characterized as arbitrageurs. The Ohio Control Share Acquisition Statute does not apply to a corporation if its articles of incorporation or code of regulations state that the statute does not apply to such corporation. Neither the Company s articles of incorporation nor its regulations contain a provision opting out of this statute. 

Ohio Interested Shareholder Statute 
 Chapter 1704 of the Ohio Revised Code prohibits certain corporations from engaging in a chapter 1704 transaction with an interested shareholder for a period of three years after the date of the transaction in which the person became an interested shareholder, unless, among other things 
 the articles of incorporation expressly provide that the corporation is not subject to the statute (the Company has not made this election) or 
 the board of directors of the corporation approves the chapter 1704 transaction or the acquisition of the shares before the date the shares were acquired. 
 After the three-year moratorium period, the corporation may not consummate a chapter 1704 transaction unless, among other things, it is approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds of the voting power in the election of directors and the holders of a majority of the voting shares, excluding all shares beneficially owned by an interested shareholder or an affiliate or associate of an interested shareholder, or the shareholders receive certain minimum consideration for their shares. A chapter 1704 transaction includes certain mergers, sales of assets, consolidations, combinations and majority share acquisitions involving an interested shareholder. An interested shareholder is defined to include, with limited exceptions, any person who, together with affiliates and associates, is the beneficial owner of a sufficient number of shares of the corporation to entitle the person, directly or indirectly, alone or with others, to exercise or direct the exercise of 10 or more of the voting power in the election of directors after taking into account all of the person s beneficially owned shares that are not then outstanding. 

</EX-4.25>

<EX-21>
 3
 clf-2022123110xkex21.htm
 EX-21

Document 

EXHIBIT 21 
 CLEVELAND-CLIFFS INC. SUBSIDIARIES AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 Name Place of Incorporation or Organization Cannon Automotive Solutions - Bowling Green, Inc. Delaware Cleveland-Cliffs Burns Harbor LLC Delaware Cleveland-Cliffs Cleveland Works LLC Delaware Cleveland-Cliffs Columbus LLC Delaware Cleveland-Cliffs FPT Services Company Ohio Cleveland-Cliffs Investments Inc. Ohio Cleveland-Cliffs Kote Inc. Delaware Cleveland-Cliffs Kote L.P. Delaware Cleveland-Cliffs Minorca Mine Inc. Delaware Cleveland-Cliffs Monessen Coke LLC Delaware Cleveland-Cliffs Plate LLC Delaware Cleveland-Cliffs Railways Inc. Delaware Cleveland-Cliffs Riverdale LLC Delaware Cleveland-Cliffs Services Holding Company Ohio Cleveland-Cliffs South Chicago & Indiana Harbor Railway Inc. Delaware Cleveland-Cliffs Steel Corporation Delaware Cleveland-Cliffs Steel Holding Corporation Delaware Cleveland-Cliffs Steel Holdings Inc. Ohio Cleveland-Cliffs Steel LLC Delaware Cleveland-Cliffs Steel Management Inc. Delaware Cleveland-Cliffs Steel Properties Inc. Delaware Cleveland-Cliffs Steelton LLC Delaware Cleveland-Cliffs Steelworks Railway Inc. Delaware Cleveland-Cliffs Tek Inc. Delaware Cleveland-Cliffs Tek Kote Acquisition Corporation Ohio Cleveland-Cliffs Tek L.P. Delaware Cleveland-Cliffs Tooling and Stamping Company Delaware Cleveland-Cliffs Tooling and Stamping Holdings LLC Delaware Cleveland-Cliffs Tubular Components LLC Delaware Cleveland-Cliffs Weirton LLC Delaware Cliffs Mining Company Delaware Cliffs Minnesota Mining Company Delaware Cliffs Steel Inc. Ohio Cliffs TIOP Holding, LLC Delaware Cliffs TIOP, Inc. Michigan Cliffs TIOP II, LLC Delaware Cliffs UTAC Holding LLC Delaware Ferrous Processing and Trading Company Michigan Fleetwood Metal Industries, LLC Delaware FPT Cleveland, LLC Michigan IronUnits LLC Delaware Lake Superior & Ishpeming Railroad Company Michigan 

Name Place of Incorporation or Organization Metallics Sales Company Delaware Mid-Vol Coal Sales, Inc. West Virginia Mountain State Carbon, LLC Delaware Northshore Mining Company Delaware Silver Bay Power Company Delaware SNA Carbon, LLC Delaware The Cleveland-Cliffs Iron Company Ohio Tilden Mining Company L.C. Michigan United Taconite LLC Delaware 

</EX-21>

<EX-22>
 4
 clf-2022123110xkex22.htm
 EX-22

Document 
 EXHIBIT 22 

 The following entities are included in the obligated group as of December 31, 2022, as defined in the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Cleveland Cliffs Inc. to which this document is being filed as an exhibit, including Cleveland-Cliffs Inc., as the parent and issuer, and the subsidiary guarantors that have guaranteed the obligations under the 6.750 2026 Senior Secured Notes, the 5.875 2027 Senior Notes, the 7.000 2027 Senior Notes, the 4.625 2029 Senior Notes and the 4.875 2031 Senior Notes issued by Cleveland-Cliffs Inc. 
 Exact Name of Issuer or Guarantor Subsidiary (1) (2) State of Incorporation or Organization IRS Employer Identification Number Cleveland-Cliffs Inc. Ohio 34-1464672 Cannon Automotive Solutions - Bowling Green, Inc. Delaware 26-0766559 Cleveland-Cliffs Burns Harbor LLC Delaware 20-0653414 Cleveland-Cliffs Cleveland Works LLC Delaware 04-3634649 Cleveland-Cliffs Columbus LLC Delaware 01-0807137 Cleveland-Cliffs Investments Inc. Ohio 31-1283531 Cleveland-Cliffs Kote Inc. Delaware 36-3665216 Cleveland-Cliffs Kote L.P. Delaware 36-3665288 Cleveland-Cliffs Minorca Mine Inc. Delaware 36-2814042 Cleveland-Cliffs Monessen Coke LLC Delaware 25-1850170 Cleveland-Cliffs Plate LLC Delaware 20-0653500 Cleveland-Cliffs Railways Inc. Delaware 56-2348283 Cleveland-Cliffs Riverdale LLC Delaware 74-3062732 Cleveland-Cliffs South Chicago & Indiana Harbor Railway Inc. Delaware 04-3634638 Cleveland-Cliffs Steel Corporation Delaware 31-1267098 Cleveland-Cliffs Steel Holding Corporation Delaware 31-1401455 Cleveland-Cliffs Steel Holdings Inc. Ohio 85-4084783 Cleveland-Cliffs Steel LLC Delaware 71-0871875 Cleveland-Cliffs Steel Management Inc. Delaware 51-0390893 Cleveland-Cliffs Steel Properties Inc. Delaware 51-0390894 Cleveland-Cliffs Steelton LLC Delaware 20-0653772 Cleveland-Cliffs Steelworks Railway Inc. Delaware 04-3634622 Cleveland-Cliffs Tek Inc. Delaware 36-3519946 Cleveland-Cliffs Tek Kote Acquisition Corporation Ohio 85-4304182 Cleveland-Cliffs Tek L.P. Delaware 363525438 Cleveland-Cliffs Tooling and Stamping Company Delaware 22-3639336 Cleveland-Cliffs Tooling and Stamping Holdings LLC Delaware 31-1283531 Cleveland-Cliffs Tubular Components LLC Delaware 31-1283531 Cleveland-Cliffs Weirton LLC Delaware 56-2435202 Cliffs Mining Company Delaware 34-1120353 Cliffs Minnesota Mining Company Delaware 42-1609117 Cliffs Steel Inc. Ohio 87-3972693 Cliffs TIOP Holding, LLC Delaware 47-2182060 Cliffs TIOP, Inc. Michigan 34-1371049 Cliffs TIOP II, LLC Delaware 61-1857848 Cliffs UTAC Holding LLC Delaware 26-2895214 Fleetwood Metal Industries, LLC Delaware 98-0508950 IronUnits LLC Delaware 34-1920747 Lake Superior & Ishpeming Railroad Company Michigan 38-6005761 Metallics Sales Company Delaware 84-2076079 Mid-Vol Coal Sales, Inc. West Virginia 55-0761501 Mountain State Carbon, LLC Delaware 31-1267098 Northshore Mining Company Delaware 84-1116857 

EXHIBIT 22 

 Exact Name of Issuer or Guarantor Subsidiary (1) (2) State of Incorporation or Organization IRS Employer Identification Number Silver Bay Power Company Delaware 84-1126359 SNA Carbon, LLC Delaware 31-1267098 The Cleveland-Cliffs Iron Company Ohio 34-0677332 Tilden Mining Company L.C. Michigan 34-1804848 United Taconite LLC Delaware 42-1609118 (1) The address and phone number of each issuer and guarantor subsidiary is c o Cleveland-Cliffs Inc., 200 Public Square, Suite 3300, Cleveland, Ohio 44114, (216) 694-5700. (2) Cleveland-Cliffs Inc. is the issuer, all other entities listed are guarantor subsidiaries. 

</EX-22>

<EX-23.1>
 5
 clf-2022123110xkex231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 23.1 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in 
 Registration Statement No. 333-237324 on Form S-3 
 Registration Statement No. 333-184620 on Form S-8 pertaining to the Cliffs Natural Resources Inc. 2012 Incentive Equity Plan 
 Registration Statement No. 333-197687 on Form S-8 pertaining to the Cliffs Natural Resources Inc. Amended and Restated 2012 Incentive Equity Plan 
 Registration Statement No. 333-197688 on Form S-8 pertaining to the Cliffs Natural Resources Inc. 2014 Nonemployee Directors Compensation Plan 
 Registration Statement No. 333-204369 on Form S-8 pertaining to the Cliffs Natural Resources Inc. 2015 Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan 
 Registration Statement No. 333-210954 on Form S-8 pertaining to the Cliffs Natural Resources Inc. Amended and Restated 2014 Nonemployee Directors Compensation Plan 
 Registration Statement No. 333-217506 on Form S-8 pertaining to the Cliffs Natural Resources Inc. Amended and Restated 2015 Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan 
 Registration Statement No. 333-237144 on Form S-8 pertaining to the Cliffs Natural Resources Inc. Amended and Restated 2015 Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan 
 Registration Statement No. 333-255571 on Form S-8 pertaining to the Cleveland-Cliffs Inc. 2021 Nonemployee Directors Compensation Plan and 
 Registration Statement No. 333-255572 on Form S-8 pertaining to the Cleveland-Cliffs Inc. 2021 Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan 
 of our reports dated February 14, 2023, relating to the financial statements of Cleveland-Cliffs Inc. and the effectiveness of Cleveland-Cliffs Inc. s internal control over financial reporting, appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 s DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP 
 Cleveland, Ohio 
 February 14, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 6
 clf-2022123110xkex232.htm
 EX-23.2

Document 
 EXHIBIT 23.2 SLR Consulting US LLC 
 22118 20 th Ave SE, Suite G202, Bothell, WA 98021 USA 

February 13, 2023 
 CONSENT OF QUALIFIED PERSON 
 Re Form 10-K of Cleveland-Cliffs Inc. (the Company 
 SLR Consulting US LLC SLR ), in connection with the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Form 10-K ), consents to 
 the incorporation by reference by the Company and use of the technical report titled Technical Report Summary on the Hibbing Taconite Property, Minnesota, USA (the Technical Report Summary ), with an effective date of December 31, 2021 and dated February 7, 2022, that was prepared in accordance with Subpart 1300 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, as an exhibit to and referenced in the Form 10-K 
 the incorporation by reference of the Technical Report Summary into the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-3 (Registration No. 333-237324) and Registration Statements on Form S-8 (Registration Nos. 333-255571, 333-255572, 333-237144, 333-217506, 333-210954, 333-204369, 333-197687, 333-197688 and 333-184620) (collectively, the Registration Statements 
 the use of and references to our name, including our status as an expert or qualified person (as defined in Subpart 1300 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission), in connection with the Form 10-K, the Registration Statements and the Technical Report Summary and 
 any extracts from or a summary of the Technical Report Summary in the Form 10-K and incorporated by reference in the Registration Statements and the use of any information derived, summarized, quoted, or referenced from the Technical Report Summary, or portions thereof, that was prepared by us, that we supervised the preparation of, and or that was reviewed and approved by us, that is included or incorporated by reference in the Form 10-K and the Registration Statements. 
 SLR is responsible for authoring, and this consent pertains to, the Technical Report Summary. SLR certifies that it has read the Form 10-K and that it fairly and accurately represents the information in the Technical Report Summary for which it is responsible. 
 SLR Consulting US LLC (formerly SLR International Corporation) 
 Per 
 
 (Signed) Richard J. Lambert 
 Richard J. Lambert, P.E., P.Eng. 
 Global Technical Director 
 Technical Director, Mining Advisory US 
 
 www.slrconsulting.com 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-23.3>
 7
 clf-2022123110xkex233.htm
 EX-23.3

Document 
 EXHIBIT 23.3 SLR Consulting US LLC 
 22118 20 th Ave SE, Suite G202, Bothell, WA 98021 USA 

February 13, 2023 
 CONSENT OF QUALIFIED PERSON 
 Re Form 10-K of Cleveland-Cliffs Inc. (the Company 
 SLR Consulting US LLC SLR ), in connection with the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Form 10-K ), consents to 
 the incorporation by reference by the Company and use of the technical report titled Technical Report Summary on the Minorca Property, Minnesota, USA (the Technical Report Summary ), with an effective date of December 31, 2021 and dated February 7, 2022, that was prepared in accordance with Subpart 1300 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, as an exhibit to and referenced in the Form 10-K 
 the incorporation by reference of the Technical Report Summary into the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-3 (Registration No. 333-237324) and Registration Statements on Form S-8 (Registration Nos. 333-255571, 333-255572, 333-237144, 333-217506, 333-210954, 333-204369, 333-197687, 333-197688 and 333-184620) (collectively, the Registration Statements 
 the use of and references to our name, including our status as an expert or qualified person (as defined in Subpart 1300 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission), in connection with the Form 10-K, the Registration Statements and the Technical Report Summary and 
 any extracts from or a summary of the Technical Report Summary in the Form 10-K and incorporated by reference in the Registration Statements and the use of any information derived, summarized, quoted, or referenced from the Technical Report Summary, or portions thereof, that was prepared by us, that we supervised the preparation of, and or that was reviewed and approved by us, that is included or incorporated by reference in the Form 10-K and the Registration Statements. 
 SLR is responsible for authoring, and this consent pertains to, the Technical Report Summary. SLR certifies that it has read the Form 10-K and that it fairly and accurately represents the information in the Technical Report Summary for which it is responsible. 
 SLR Consulting US LLC (formerly SLR International Corporation) 
 Per 
 
 (Signed) Richard J. Lambert 
 Richard J. Lambert, P.E., P.Eng. 
 Global Technical Director 
 Technical Director, Mining Advisory US 
 
 www.slrconsulting.com 

</EX-23.3>

<EX-23.4>
 8
 clf-2022123110xkex234.htm
 EX-23.4

Document 
 EXHIBIT 23.4 SLR Consulting US LLC 
 22118 20 th Ave SE, Suite G202, Bothell, WA 98021 USA 

February 13, 2023 
 CONSENT OF QUALIFIED PERSON 
 Re Form 10-K of Cleveland-Cliffs Inc. (the Company 
 SLR Consulting US LLC SLR ), in connection with the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Form 10-K ), consents to 
 the incorporation by reference by the Company and use of the technical report titled Technical Report Summary on the Northshore Property, Minnesota, USA (the Technical Report Summary ), with an effective date of December 31, 2021 and dated February 7, 2022, that was prepared in accordance with Subpart 1300 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, as an exhibit to and referenced in the Form 10-K 
 the incorporation by reference of the Technical Report Summary into the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-3 (Registration No. 333-237324) and Registration Statements on Form S-8 (Registration Nos. 333-255571, 333-255572, 333-237144, 333-217506, 333-210954, 333-204369, 333-197687, 333-197688 and 333-184620) (collectively, the Registration Statements 
 the use of and references to our name, including our status as an expert or qualified person (as defined in Subpart 1300 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission), in connection with the Form 10-K, the Registration Statements and the Technical Report Summary and 
 any extracts from or a summary of the Technical Report Summary in the Form 10-K and incorporated by reference in the Registration Statements and the use of any information derived, summarized, quoted, or referenced from the Technical Report Summary, or portions thereof, that was prepared by us, that we supervised the preparation of, and or that was reviewed and approved by us, that is included or incorporated by reference in the Form 10-K and the Registration Statements. 
 SLR is responsible for authoring, and this consent pertains to, the Technical Report Summary. SLR certifies that it has read the Form 10-K and that it fairly and accurately represents the information in the Technical Report Summary for which it is responsible. 
 SLR Consulting US LLC (formerly SLR International Corporation) 
 Per 
 
 (Signed) Richard J. Lambert 
 Richard J. Lambert, P.E., P.Eng. 
 Global Technical Director 
 Technical Director, Mining Advisory US 
 
 www.slrconsulting.com 

</EX-23.4>

<EX-23.5>
 9
 clf-2022123110xkex235.htm
 EX-23.5

Document 
 EXHIBIT 23.5 SLR Consulting US LLC 
 22118 20 th Ave SE, Suite G202, Bothell, WA 98021 USA 

February 13, 2023 
 CONSENT OF QUALIFIED PERSON 
 Re Form 10-K of Cleveland-Cliffs Inc. (the Company 
 SLR Consulting US LLC SLR ), in connection with the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Form 10-K ), consents to 
 the incorporation by reference by the Company and use of the technical report titled Technical Report Summary on the United Taconite Property, Minnesota, USA (the Technical Report Summary ), with an effective date of December 31, 2021 and dated February 7, 2022, that was prepared in accordance with Subpart 1300 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, as an exhibit to and referenced in the Form 10-K 
 the incorporation by reference of the Technical Report Summary into the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-3 (Registration No. 333-237324) and Registration Statements on Form S-8 (Registration Nos. 333-255571, 333-255572, 333-237144, 333-217506, 333-210954, 333-204369, 333-197687, 333-197688 and 333-184620) (collectively, the Registration Statements 
 the use of and references to our name, including our status as an expert or qualified person (as defined in Subpart 1300 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission), in connection with the Form 10-K, the Registration Statements and the Technical Report Summary and 
 any extracts from or a summary of the Technical Report Summary in the Form 10-K and incorporated by reference in the Registration Statements and the use of any information derived, summarized, quoted, or referenced from the Technical Report Summary, or portions thereof, that was prepared by us, that we supervised the preparation of, and or that was reviewed and approved by us, that is included or incorporated by reference in the Form 10-K and the Registration Statements. 
 SLR is responsible for authoring, and this consent pertains to, the Technical Report Summary. SLR certifies that it has read the Form 10-K and that it fairly and accurately represents the information in the Technical Report Summary for which it is responsible. 
 SLR Consulting US LLC (formerly SLR International Corporation) 
 Per 
 
 (Signed) Richard J. Lambert 
 Richard J. Lambert, P.E., P.Eng. 
 Global Technical Director 
 Technical Director, Mining Advisory US 
 
 www.slrconsulting.com 

</EX-23.5>

<EX-23.6>
 10
 clf-2022123110xkex236.htm
 EX-23.6

Document 
 EXHIBIT 23.6 SLR Consulting US LLC 
 22118 20 th Ave SE, Suite G202, Bothell, WA 98021 USA 

February 13, 2023 
 CONSENT OF QUALIFIED PERSON 
 Re Form 10-K of Cleveland-Cliffs Inc. (the Company 
 SLR Consulting US LLC SLR ), in connection with the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Form 10-K ), consents to 
 the incorporation by reference by the Company and use of the technical report titled Technical Report Summary on the Tilden Property, Michigan, USA (the Technical Report Summary ), with an effective date of December 31, 2021 and dated February 7, 2022, that was prepared in accordance with Subpart 1300 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, as an exhibit to and referenced in the Form 10-K 
 the incorporation by reference of the Technical Report Summary into the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-3 (Registration No. 333-237324) and Registration Statements on Form S-8 (Registration Nos. 333-255571, 333-255572, 333-237144, 333-217506, 333-210954, 333-204369, 333-197687, 333-197688 and 333-184620) (collectively, the Registration Statements 
 the use of and references to our name, including our status as an expert or qualified person (as defined in Subpart 1300 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission), in connection with the Form 10-K, the Registration Statements and the Technical Report Summary and 
 any extracts from or a summary of the Technical Report Summary in the Form 10-K and incorporated by reference in the Registration Statements and the use of any information derived, summarized, quoted, or referenced from the Technical Report Summary, or portions thereof, that was prepared by us, that we supervised the preparation of, and or that was reviewed and approved by us, that is included or incorporated by reference in the Form 10-K and the Registration Statements. 
 SLR is responsible for authoring, and this consent pertains to, the Technical Report Summary. SLR certifies that it has read the Form 10-K and that it fairly and accurately represents the information in the Technical Report Summary for which it is responsible. 
 SLR Consulting US LLC (formerly SLR International Corporation) 
 Per 
 
 (Signed) Richard J. Lambert 
 Richard J. Lambert, P.E., P.Eng. 
 Global Technical Director 
 Technical Director, Mining Advisory US 
 
 www.slrconsulting.com 

</EX-23.6>

<EX-24>
 11
 clf-2022123110xkex24.htm
 EX-24

Document 

EXHIBIT 24 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 KNOW ALL PEOPLE BY THESE PRESENTS, that the undersigned Directors and officers of Cleveland-Cliffs Inc., an Ohio corporation Company ), hereby constitute and appoint C. Lourenco Goncalves, Celso L. Goncalves Jr., James D. Graham and Kimberly A. Floriani, and each of them, their true and lawful attorney or attorneys-in-fact, with full power of substitution and revocation, for them and in their name, place and stead, to sign on their behalf as a Director or officer of the Company, or both, as the case may be, an Annual Report on Form 10-K pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, and to sign any and all amendments to such Annual Report, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorney or attorneys-in-fact, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as they might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorney or attorneys-in-fact or any of them or their substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 Executed as of the 10 th day of February, 2023. 
 s C. L. Goncalves s C. L. Goncalves Jr. C. L. Goncalves, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer C. L. Goncalves Jr., 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 
 s K. A. Floriani s J. T. Baldwin K. A. Floriani, Senior Vice President, Controller & Chief Accounting Officer J. T. Baldwin, Director s R. P. Fisher, Jr. s W. K. Gerber R. P. Fisher, Jr., Director W. K. Gerber, Director s S. M. Green s R. S. Michael, III S. M. Green, Director R. S. Michael, III, Director s J. L. Miller s G. Stoliar J. L. Miller, Director G. Stoliar, Director s D. C. Taylor s A. M. Yocum D. C. Taylor, Director A. M. Yocum, Director 

</EX-24>

<EX-31.1>
 12
 clf-2022123110xkex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Lourenco Goncalves, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Cleveland-Cliffs Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)), for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected or is reasonably likely to materially affect the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 14, 2023 By s Lourenco Goncalves Lourenco Goncalves Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 13
 clf-2022123110xkex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Celso L. Goncalves Jr., certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Cleveland-Cliffs Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)), for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected or is reasonably likely to materially affect the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 14, 2023 By s Celso L. Goncalves Jr. Celso L. Goncalves Jr. Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 14
 clf-2022123110xkex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Cleveland-Cliffs Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Form 10-K ), I, Lourenco Goncalves, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to such officer s knowledge 
 (1) The Form 10-K fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m or 78o(d)) and 
 (2) The information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of the dates and for the periods expressed in the Form 10-K. 
 Date February 14, 2023 By s Lourenco Goncalves Lourenco Goncalves Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 15
 clf-2022123110xkex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Cleveland-Cliffs Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Form 10-K ), I, Celso L. Goncalves Jr., Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to such officer s knowledge 
 (1) The Form 10-K fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m or 78o(d)) and 
 (2) The information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of the dates and for the periods expressed in the Form 10-K. 
 Date February 14, 2023 By s Celso L. Goncalves Jr. Celso L. Goncalves Jr. Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-95>
 16
 clf-2022123110xkex95.htm
 EX-95

Document 

EXHIBIT 95 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 The operation of our mines located in the United States is subject to regulation by MSHA under the FMSH Act. MSHA inspects these mines on a regular basis and issues various citations and orders when it believes a violation has occurred under the FMSH Act. We present information below regarding certain mining safety and health citations that MSHA has issued with respect to our mining operations. In evaluating this information, consideration should be given to factors such as (i) the number of citations and orders will vary depending on the size of the mine (ii) the number of citations issued will vary from inspector to inspector and mine to mine, and (iii) citations and orders can be contested and appealed and, in that process, are often reduced in severity and amount, and are sometimes dismissed. 
 Under the Dodd-Frank Act, each operator of a coal or other mine is required to include certain mine safety results within its periodic reports filed with the SEC. As required by the reporting requirements included in 1503(a) of the Dodd-Frank Act, we present the following items regarding certain mining safety and health matters, for the period presented, for each of our mine locations that are covered under the scope of the Dodd-Frank Act 
 (A) The total number of violations of mandatory health or safety standards that could significantly and substantially contribute to the cause and effect of a coal or other mine safety or health hazard under section 104 of the FMSH Act (30 U.S.C. 814) for which the operator received a citation from MSHA 
 (B) The total number of orders issued under section 104(b) of the FMSH Act (30 U.S.C. 814(b)) 
 (C) The total number of citations and orders for unwarrantable failure of the mine operator to comply with mandatory health or safety standards under section 104(d) of the FMSH Act (30 U.S.C. 814(d)) 
 (D) The total number of imminent danger orders issued under section 107(a) of the FMSH Act (30 U.S.C. 817(a)) 
 (E) The total dollar value of proposed assessments from MSHA under the FMSH Act (30 U.S.C. 801 et seq.) 
 (F) Legal actions pending before the Federal Mine Safety and Health Review Commission involving such coal or other mine as of the last day of the period 
 (G) Legal actions instituted before the Federal Mine Safety and Health Review Commission involving such coal or other mine during the period and 
 (H) Legal actions resolved before the Federal Mine Safety and Health Review Commission involving such coal or other mine during the period. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, our mine locations did not receive any flagrant violations under section 110(b)(2) of the FMSH Act (30 U.S.C. 820(b)(2)) and did not receive any written notices of a pattern of violations, or the potential to have a pattern of such violations, under section 104(e) of the FMSH Act (30 U.S.C. 814(e)). In addition, there were no mining-related fatalities at any of our mine locations during this same period. 

Following is a summary of the information described above for the year ended December 31, 2022 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 (A) (B) (C) (D) (E) (F) (G) (H) Mine Name MSHA ID No. Operation Section 104 S&S Citations Section 104(b) Orders Section 104(d) Orders Section 107(a) Citations & Orders Total Dollar Value of MSHA Proposed Assessments (1) Legal Actions Pending as of Last Day of Period Legal Actions Instituted During Period Legal Actions Resolved During Period Tilden 2000422 Iron Ore 34 430,256 2 (2) 3 2 Empire 2001012 Iron Ore Northshore Plant 2100831 Iron Ore 6 44,860 5 10 Northshore Mine 2100209 Iron Ore 864 United Taconite Plant 2103404 Iron Ore 30 159,698 4 (3) 7 6 United Taconite Mine 2103403 Iron Ore 3 1,324 2 Hibbing 2101600 Iron Ore 5 32,330 1 (4) 5 5 Minorca Mine 2102449 
 Iron Ore 25 1 120,934 1 2 AK Coal North Fork 3610041 Coal Coal Innovations #1 3609406 Coal Virginia Point No. 1 Surface Mine 4407172 Coal 1,528 Low Gap Surface Mine 4605741 Coal 1 2,997 Eckman Surface Mine 4608647 Coal 1,392 Redhawk Surface Mine 4609300 Coal Dry Branch Surface Mine 4609395 Coal 2 1 2 40,563 2 (5) 2 Dans Branch Surface Mine 4609517 Coal Eckman Loadout 4603341 Coal Roadfork Loadout 4608278 Coal Eckman Plant 4609357 Coal 1 2,026 Mine No. 35 4608131 Coal Mine No. 39 4609261 Coal 37 33,166 1 (6) 2 5 Mine No. 43 4609496 Coal 28 1 70,099 2 (7) 4 4 Mine No. 44 4609523 Coal 2 2,154 
 (1) Amounts included under the heading Total Dollar Value of MSHA Proposed Assessments are the total dollar amounts for proposed assessments received from MSHA on or before December 31, 2022. 
 (2) This number consists of 2 pending legal actions related to contests of proposed penalties referenced in Subpart C of FMSH Act's procedural rules. 
 (3) This number consists of 4 pending legal actions related to contests of proposed penalties referenced in Subpart C of FMSH Act's procedural rules. 
 (4) This number consists of 1 pending legal action related to contests of proposed penalties referenced in Subpart C of FMSH Act's procedural rules. 
 (5) This number consists of 2 pending legal actions related to contests of proposed penalties referenced in Subpart C of FMSH Act's procedural rules. 
 (6) This number consists of 1 pending legal action related to contests of proposed penalties referenced in Subpart C of FMSH Act's procedural rules. 
 (7) This number consists of 2 pending legal actions related to contests of proposed penalties referenced in Subpart C of FMSH Act's procedural rules. 

</EX-95>

<EX-101.SCH>
 17
 clf-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 18
 clf-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 19
 clf-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 20
 clf-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 21
 clf-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

