<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230224_10-K_edgar_data_1136869_0000950170-23-004264.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>35832851</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>522767</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3159818</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>18550678</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3926687</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>8706210</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-004264.hdr.sgml : 20230224
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230224094633
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-004264
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		147
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230224
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230224

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ZIMMER BIOMET HOLDINGS, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001136869
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ORTHOPEDIC, PROSTHETIC & SURGICAL APPLIANCES & SUPPLIES [3842]
		IRS NUMBER:				134151777
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-16407
		FILM NUMBER:		23663008

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		345 EAST MAIN STREET
		CITY:			WARSAW
		STATE:			IN
		ZIP:			46580
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5742676131

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		345 EAST MAIN STREET
		CITY:			WARSAW
		STATE:			IN
		ZIP:			46580

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ZIMMER HOLDINGS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20010315

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-004264.txt : 20230224

10-K
 1
 zbh-20221231.htm
 10-K

10-K 

I have 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE 
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For year ended 
 Commission file number 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State of Incorporation) 
 
 (IRS Employer Identification No.) 

, 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 . 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
 No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
 Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by checkmark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by checkmark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of shares held by non-affiliates w as (based on the closing price of these shares on the New York Stock Exchange on June 30, 2022 and assuming solely for the purpose of this calculation that all directors and executive officers of the registrant are affiliates ). As of February 7, 2023, shares of the registrant s .01 par value common stock were outstanding. 
 Documents Incorporated by Reference 

ZIMMER BIOMET HOLDINGS, INC. 
 ANNUAL REPORT 
 Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 This Annual Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of federal securities laws, including, among others, statements regarding sales and earnings guidance and any statements about our expectations, plans, intentions, strategies or prospects. We generally use the words may, will, expects, believes, anticipates, plans, estimates, projects, assumes, guides, targets, forecasts, sees, seeks, should, could, would, predicts, potential, strategy, future, opportunity, work toward, intends, guidance, confidence, positioned, design, strive, continue, look forward to and similar expressions to identify forward-looking statements. All statements other than statements of historical or current fact are, or may be deemed to be, forward-looking statements. Such statements are based upon the current beliefs, expectations and assumptions of management and are subject to significant risks, uncertainties and changes in circumstances that could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. These risks, uncertainties and changes in circumstances include, but are not limited to: the effects of business disruptions such as the COVID-19 pandemic, either alone or in combination with other risks on our business and operations; the risks and uncertainties related to our ability to successfully execute our restructuring plans; control of costs and expenses; our ability to attract, retain and develop the highly skilled employees, senior management, independent agents and distributors we need to support our business; the possibility that the anticipated synergies and other benefits from mergers and acquisitions will not be realized, or will not be realized within the expected time periods; the risks and uncertainties related to our ability to successfully integrate the operations, products, employees and distributors of acquired companies; the effect of the potential disruption of management s attention from ongoing business operations due to integration matters related to mergers and acquisitions; the effect of mergers and acquisitions on our relationships with customers, suppliers and lenders and on our operating results and businesses generally; the ability to form and implement alliances; dependence on a limited number of suppliers for key raw materials and other inputs and for outsourced activities; the risk of disruptions in the supply of materials and components used in manufacturing or sterilizing our products; supply and prices of raw materials and products; breaches or failures of our information technology systems or products, including by cyberattack, unauthorized access or theft; challenges relating to changes in and compliance with governmental laws and regulations affecting our U.S. and international businesses, including regulations of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA and foreign government regulators, such as more stringent requirements for regulatory clearance of products; the outcome of government investigations; dependence on new product development, technological advances and innovation; shifts in the product category or regional sales mix of our products and services; competition; pricing pressures; changes in customer demand for our products and services caused by demographic changes or other factors; the impact of healthcare reform and cost containment measures, including efforts sponsored by government agencies, legislative bodies, the private sector and healthcare purchasing organizations, through reductions in reimbursement levels and otherwise; the impact of substantial indebtedness on our ability to service our debt obligations and/or refinance amounts outstanding under our debt obligations at maturity on terms favorable to us, or at all; changes in tax obligations arising from examinations by tax authorities and from changes in tax laws in jurisdictions where we do business, including those expected to occur as a result of the base erosion and profit shifting project undertaken by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development and otherwise; challenges to the tax-free nature of the ZimVie Inc. ZimVie spinoff transaction and the subsequent liquidation of our retained interest in ZimVie; the risk of additional tax liability due to the recategorization of our independent agents and distributors to employees; the risk that material impairment of the carrying value of our intangible assets, including goodwill, could negatively affect our operating results; changes in general domestic and international economic conditions, including interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations; changes in general industry and market conditions, including domestic and international growth, inflation and currency exchange rates; the domestic and international business impact of political, social and economic instability, tariffs, trade restrictions and embargoes, sanctions, wars, disputes and other conflicts, including on our ability to operate in, export from or collect accounts receivable in affected countries; challenges relating to changes in and compliance with governmental laws and regulations affecting our U.S. and international businesses, including regulations of the FDA and foreign government regulators relating to medical products, healthcare fraud and abuse laws and data privacy and security laws; the success of our quality and operational excellence initiatives; the ability to remediate matters identified in inspectional observations or warning letters issued by the FDA and other regulators, while continuing to satisfy the demand for our products; product liability, intellectual property and commercial litigation losses; and the ability to obtain and maintain adequate intellectual property protection. 
 See also the section titled Risk Factors (refer to Part I, Item 1A of this report) for further discussion of certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from the forward-looking 

statements. Readers of this report are cautioned not to rely on these forward-looking statements, since there can be no assurance that these forward-looking statements will prove to be accurate. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and we expressly disclaim any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. You are advised, however, to consult any further disclosures we make on related subjects in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K. This cautionary note is applicable to all forward-looking statements contained in this report. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I 
 
 4 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 
 4 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 
 14 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 26 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 
 26 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 26 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 26 

PART II 
 
 27 

Item 5. 
 Market for the Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 27 

Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 
 29 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 29 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 38 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 40 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 93 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 93 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 
 94 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 94 

PART III 
 
 95 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 95 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 95 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 95 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 
 95 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 95 

PART IV 
 
 96 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 96 

Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 
 101 

PART I 
 Item 1. B usiness 
 Overview 
 Zimmer Biomet is a global medical technology leader with a comprehensive portfolio designed to maximize mobility and improve health. We design, manufacture and market orthopedic reconstructive products; sports medicine, biologics, extremities and trauma products; craniomaxillofacial and thoracic CMFT products; surgical products; and a suite of integrated digital and robotic technologies that leverage data, data analytics and artificial intelligence. We collaborate with healthcare professionals around the globe to advance the pace of innovation. Our products and solutions help treat patients suffering from disorders of, or injuries to, bones, joints or supporting soft tissues. Together with healthcare professionals, we help millions of people live better lives. In this report, Zimmer Biomet, we, us, our, the Company and similar words refer collectively to Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. and its subsidiaries. Zimmer Biomet Holdings refers to the parent company only. 
 Zimmer Biomet Holdings was incorporated in Delaware in 2001. Our history dates to 1927, when Zimmer Manufacturing Company, a predecessor, was founded in Warsaw, Indiana. On August 6, 2001, we were spun off from our former parent and became an independent public company. In 2015, we acquired LVB Acquisition, Inc. LVB ), the parent company of Biomet, Inc. Biomet ), and LVB and Biomet became our wholly-owned subsidiaries. In connection with the merger, we changed our name from Zimmer Holdings, Inc. to Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. 
 On March 1, 2022, we completed the spinoff of our spine and dental businesses into a new public company, ZimVie Inc. ZimVie ). The transaction was intended to benefit our stockholders by enhancing the focus of both Zimmer Biomet and ZimVie to meet the needs of patients and customers and, therefore, achieve faster growth and deliver greater value for all stakeholders. 
 Customers, Sales and Marketing 
 Our primary customers include orthopedic surgeons, neurosurgeons, and other specialists, hospitals, stocking distributors, healthcare dealers and, in their capacity as agents, healthcare purchasing organizations or buying groups. These customers range from large multinational enterprises to independent clinicians. 
 We market and sell products through two principal channels: 1) direct to healthcare institutions, such as hospitals and ambulatory surgery centers, referred to as direct channel accounts; and 2) through stocking distributors and healthcare dealers. With direct channel accounts and some healthcare dealers, inventory is generally consigned to sales agents or customers. With sales to stocking distributors, some healthcare dealers and some hospitals, title to product passes upon shipment. Consignment sales represented approximately 85 percent of our net sales in 2022. No individual customer accounted for more than 1 percent of our net sales for 2022. 
 We stock inventory in our warehouse facilities and retain title to consigned inventory in an effort to have sufficient quantities available when products are needed for surgical procedures. Safety stock levels are determined based on a number of factors, including demand, manufacturing lead times and quantities required to maintain service levels. 
 We also carry trade accounts receivable balances based on credit terms that are generally consistent with local market practices. 
 We utilize a network of sales associates, sales managers and support personnel, some of whom are employed or contracted by independent distributors and sales agencies. We invest a significant amount of time and expense in training sales associates in how to use specific products and how to best inform surgeons of product features and uses. Sales force representatives must have strong technical selling skills and medical education to provide technical support for surgeons. 
 In response to the different healthcare systems throughout the world, our sales and marketing strategies and organizational structures differ by region. We utilize a global approach to sales force training, marketing and medical education to provide consistent, high quality service. Additionally, we keep current with key surgical developments and other issues related to orthopedic surgeons, neurosurgeons, other specialists, and the medical procedures they perform. 
 4 

We allocate resources to achieve our operating profit goals through three regional operating segments. Our operating segments are comprised of the Americas; Europe, Middle East and Africa EMEA ); and Asia Pacific. The following is a summary of our operating segments. See Note 19 to our consolidated financial statements for more information regarding our segments. 
 Americas. The Americas operating segment is our largest operating segment. This segment is comprised principally of the U.S. and includes other North, Central and South American markets. This segment also includes research, development engineering, medical education and brand management for our product category headquarter locations. The U.S. accounts for approximately 95 percent of net sales in this region. The U.S. sales force consists of a combination of employees and independent sales agents, most of whom sell products exclusively for Zimmer Biomet. The sales force in the U.S. receives a commission on product sales and is responsible for many operating decisions and costs. 
 In this region, we contract with group purchasing organizations and managed care accounts and have promoted unit growth by offering volume discounts to customer healthcare institutions within a specified group. Generally, we are designated as one of several preferred purchasing sources for specified products, although members are not obligated to purchase our products. Contracts with group purchasing organizations generally have a term of three years, with extensions as warranted. 
 EMEA. The EMEA operating segment is our second largest operating segment. France, Germany, Italy, Spain and the United Kingdom (the UK collectively account for approximately 55 percent of net sales in the region. This segment also includes other key markets, including Switzerland, Benelux, Nordic, Central and Eastern Europe, the Middle East and Africa. Our sales force in this segment is comprised of direct sales associates, commissioned agents, independent distributors and sales support personnel. In most European countries, healthcare is sponsored by the government and therefore government budgets impact healthcare spending, which can affect our sales in this segment. 
 Asia Pacific. The Asia Pacific operating segment includes key markets such as Japan, China, Australia, New Zealand, Korea, Taiwan, India, Thailand, Singapore, Hong Kong and Malaysia. Japan is the largest market within this segment, accounting for approximately 50 percent of the region s sales. In Japan and most countries in the Asia Pacific region, we maintain a network of dealers, who act as order agents on behalf of hospitals in the region, and sales associates, who build and maintain relationships with orthopedic surgeons and neurosurgeons in their markets. The knowledge and skills of these sales associates play a critical role in providing service, product information and support to surgeons. In certain countries of this region, healthcare is sponsored by governments. Most notably, in 2021 the Chinese government began to implement a nationwide volume-based procurement VBP process across certain of our product categories that negatively affected our net sales due to distributor inventory reductions, ongoing pricing negotiations with distributor partners, revaluation of channel inventory and volume reductions as patients deferred procedures until after VBP pricing became effective in 2022. 
 Seasonality 
 Our business is seasonal in nature to some extent, as many of our products are used in elective procedures, which typically decline during the summer months and can increase at the end of the year once annual deductibles have been met on health insurance plans. Additionally, with sales to customers where title to product passes upon shipment, these customers may purchase items in large quantities if incentives are offered or if there are new product offerings in a market, which could cause period-to-period differences in sales. Due to the COVID-19 global pandemic, typical seasonal patterns were disrupted in 2020 and 2021, but started to return to normal in 2022. 
 Distribution 
 We distribute our products both through large, centralized warehouses and through smaller, market specific facilities, depending on the needs of the market. We maintain large, centralized warehouses in the U.S. and Europe to be able to efficiently distribute our products to customers in those regions. In addition to these centralized warehouses, we maintain smaller distribution facilities in the U.S. and in each of the countries where we have a direct sales presence. In many locations, our inventory is consigned to the healthcare institution. 
 We generally ship our orders via expedited courier. Since most of our sales occur at the time of an elective procedure, we generally do not have firm orders. 
 5 

Products 
 Our products include orthopedic reconstructive products; sports medicine, biologics, extremities and trauma products; CMFT products; surgical products; and a suite of integrated digital and robotic technologies. 
 
 KNEES 
 Total knee replacement surgeries typically include a femoral component, a patella (knee cap), a tibial tray and an articular surface (placed on the tibial tray). Knee replacement surgeries include first-time, or primary, joint replacement procedures and revision procedures for the replacement, repair or enhancement of an implant or component from a previous procedure. There are also procedures for partial reconstruction of the knee, which treat limited knee degeneration and involve the replacement of only one side, or compartment, of the knee with a unicompartmental knee prosthesis. Our significant knee brands include the Persona Knee, NexGen Knee Implants, Vanguard Knee, and Oxford Partial Knee. Additionally, our ROSA Robot utilizes robotic technologies to assist a surgeon with implant positioning in total knee arthroplasty or partial knee arthroplasty. 
 
 HIPS 
 Total hip replacement surgeries replace both the head of the femur and the socket portion of the pelvis (acetabulum) of the natural hip. Hip procedures include first-time, or primary, joint replacement as well as revision procedures. Hip implant procedures involve the use of bone cement to attach or affix the prosthetic components to the surrounding bone, or are press-fit into bone, which means that they have a surface that bone affixes to through either ongrowth or ingrowth technologies. Our significant hip brands include the Taperloc Hip System, Avenir Complete Hip System, Arcos Modular Hip System, and G7 Acetabular System. In 2021, we entered the robotic assistance market for hips with our ROSA Robot. 
 
 S.E.T. 
 Our S.E.T. product category includes sports medicine, biologics, foot and ankle, extremities, trauma and CMFT products. Our sports medicine products are primarily for the repair of soft tissue injuries, most commonly used in the knee and shoulder. Our biologics products are used as early intervention for joint preservation or to support surgical procedures. Our foot and ankle and extremities products are designed to treat arthritic conditions and fractures in the foot, ankle, shoulder, elbow and wrist. Our trauma products are used to stabilize damaged or broken bones and their surrounding tissues to support the body s natural healing process. Our CMFT product division includes face and skull reconstruction products as well as products that fixate and stabilize the bones of the chest in order to facilitate healing or reconstruction after open heart surgery, trauma or for deformities of the chest. Our significant S.E.T. brands include the JuggerKnot Soft Anchor System, Gel-One Cross-linked Hyaluronate, Comprehensive Shoulder, Natural Nail System, and SternaLock System. Gel-One is a registered trademark of Seikagaku Corporation. 
 
 OTHER 
 Our other product category primarily includes our robotic, surgical and bone cement products. 
 Research and Development 
 We have extensive research and development activities to develop new surgical techniques, including robotic techniques, materials, biologics and product designs. The research and development teams work closely with our strategic brand marketing function. The rapid commercialization of innovative new materials, biologics products, implant and instrument designs and surgical techniques remains one of our core strategies and continues to be an important driver of sales growth. 
 We are broadening our offerings in certain of our product categories and exploring new technologies, including artificial intelligence and machine learning, with possible applications in multiple areas. Our primary research and development facility is located in Warsaw, Indiana. We have other research and development personnel based in, among other places, Canada, China, France, Switzerland and other U.S. locations. As of December 31, 2022, we employed approximately 2,100 research and development employees worldwide. 
 We expect to continue to identify innovative technologies, which may include acquiring complementary products or businesses, establishing technology licensing arrangements or strategic alliances. 
 6 

Government Regulation and Compliance 
 Our operations, products and customers are subject to extensive government regulation by numerous government agencies, both within and outside the U.S. We are subject to supranational, national, regional and local regulations affecting, among other things, the development, design, manufacturing, product standards, packaging, advertising, promotion, labeling, marketing and postmarket surveillance of medical products and medical devices in many of the countries in which our products are sold. Our global regulatory environment is increasingly stringent, unpredictable and complex. There is a global trend toward increased regulatory activity related to medical products and medical devices. 
 
 Medical Product and Medical Device Regulation 
 In the U.S., numerous laws and regulations govern the processes by which our products are brought to market. These include the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, as amended FDCA ), and associated regulations. U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA regulations control all aspects of the development, manufacturing, advertising, promotion, marketing, distribution and postmarket surveillance of medical products and medical devices. All of our devices marketed in the U.S. have been cleared or approved by the FDA, except for those exempt from FDA premarket clearance and approval and those in commercial distribution prior to May 28, 1976. The process of obtaining FDA clearance or approval to market a product is resource intensive, lengthy, and costly. FDA review may involve substantial delays that adversely affect the marketing and sale of our products. Most of our new products fall into a classification that requires the submission of a Premarket Notification (510(k)) to the FDA before we can market the new device. This process requires us to demonstrate that the device to be marketed is at least as safe and effective as, that is, substantially equivalent to, a legally marketed device. Other devices we develop and market require stringent FDA clinical investigation and Premarket Approval PMA requirements, including submission of clinical and laboratory data that establishes that the new medical device is safe and effective. Additionally, certain of our new products incorporate innovations related to artificial intelligence, machine learning and software as a medical device, which are subject to emerging FDA oversight and regulation. 
 We are subject to FDA Quality System regulations governing design and manufacturing practices, testing, manufacturing quality assurance, labeling and record keeping and reporting requirements for our products, which apply both to our own and to our third-party manufacturers' operations. We are required to establish a quality system by which we monitor our (and our third-party manufacturers') manufacturing processes and maintain records that show compliance with FDA regulations and manufacturers' written specifications and procedures. 
 There are also requirements of state and local governments with which we must comply in the manufacture and marketing of our products. 
 The FDA conducts announced and unannounced periodic and on-going inspections of medical device manufacturers to determine compliance with its Quality System, and other applicable, regulations. If in connection with these inspections the FDA believes the manufacturer has failed to comply with applicable regulations and/or procedures, it may issue inspectional observations on Form FDA-483 Form 483 that would necessitate prompt corrective action. If FDA inspectional observations are not addressed and/or corrective action is not taken in a timely manner and to the FDA s satisfaction, the FDA may issue a warning letter (which would similarly necessitate prompt corrective action) and/or proceed directly to other forms of enforcement action, including the imposition of operating restrictions, including ceasing operations on one or more facilities, enjoining and restraining legal violations pertaining to products, seizing products, negotiating the entry of a consent decree and permanent injunction against us, recommending prosecution to the U.S. Department of Justice (the DOJ ), and assessing civil or criminal penalties against our officers, employees or us. Any adverse regulatory action, depending on its magnitude, may restrict us from effectively manufacturing, marketing and selling our products and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. For information regarding a warning letter and certain Form 483 inspectional observations that we are addressing at a single Zimmer Biomet site, see Note 21 to our consolidated financial statements. 
 The FDA, in cooperation with U.S. Customs and Border Protection CBP ), administers controls over the import of medical devices into the U.S. and can prevent the importation of products the FDA deems to violate the FDCA or its implementing regulations. The CBP imposes its own regulatory requirements on the import of our products, including inspection and possible sanctions for noncompliance. We are also subject to foreign trade controls administered by certain U.S. government agencies, including the Bureau of Industry and Security within the Commerce Department and the Office of Foreign Assets Control within the Treasury Department OFAC ). In 
 7 

addition, exported medical products are subject to the regulatory requirements of each country to which the medical product is exported. 
 
 The European Union (the EU adopted the European Medical Device Directive (the MDD ), which created a single set of medical device regulations for products marketed in all member countries. The EU Medical Device Regulation (the EU MDR took effect in May 2021, replacing the MDD. The EU MDR imposes significant additional premarket and postmarket requirements. Products currently certified per the existing MDD regulations must be certified to the new EU MDR regulation prior to the current MDD certificate expiry or May 2024, whichever comes first. Industry members, EU Notified Bodies and individual EU country heath administrations have voiced concern over the lack of progress in the issuance of MDR certifications and the subsequent impact on product availability on the European market as the May 2024 deadline nears. Subsequently the EU Commission recommended action to ensure medical device access to patients, which we expect to be detailed and forthcoming in 2023. The UK additionally is in the process of creating a new medical device framework (the UK MDR following its exit from the European Union. The new regulation, initially scheduled to be implemented in 2023, is anticipated to be delayed until 2024. The UK, in the meantime, continues to allow product meeting the current EU regulations to be marketed. 
 
 Our quality management system is based upon the requirements of ISO 13485, the FDA Quality System regulations, the MDD, the EU MDR, the UK MDR and other applicable regulations for the markets in which we sell. Our principal manufacturing sites are certified to ISO 13485 and audited at regular intervals. Additionally, our principal sites are certified under the Medical Device Single Audit Program MDSAP ), a voluntary audit program developed by regulatory authorities in Australia, Brazil, Canada, Japan, and the United States to assess compliance with the quality management system regulatory requirements of those countries. MDSAP audits are conducted by an MDSAP-recognized auditing organization and can fulfill the needs of the participating regulatory jurisdictions, replacing standard surveillance audits by the regulatory authorities in those countries. 
 
 We are subject to supranational, national, regional, state and local laws and regulations concerning healthcare cost containment, including price regulation, competitive pricing, coverage and payment policies, comparative effectiveness reviews and other methods, including through efforts to reduce healthcare fraud and abuse, false claims and anti-kickback laws as well as the U.S. Physician Payments Sunshine Act and similar state and foreign healthcare professional payment transparency laws. Many authorities have increased their enforcement activities with respect to medical products manufacturers in recent years. Violations of these laws are punishable by criminal and/or civil sanctions, including, in some instances, fines, imprisonment and exclusion from participation in certain government healthcare programs. 
 
 Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and Related Laws 
 Our operations outside the U.S. are subject to the extraterritorial application of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the FCPA ). Our global operations are also subject to non-U.S. anti-corruption laws, such as the United Kingdom Bribery Act. As part of our global compliance program, we seek to address anti-corruption risks proactively. On January 12, 2017, we resolved previously-disclosed FCPA matters involving Biomet and certain of its subsidiaries. As part of that settlement, we entered into a Deferred Prosecution Agreement with the DOJ, which concluded on February 9, 2021, six months following certification to the DOJ and the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC by an independent compliance monitor that our compliance program, including its policies and procedures, is reasonably designed and implemented to prevent and detect violations of the FCPA and is functioning effectively. 
 Environmental Laws 
 All of our facilities and operations are subject to complex national, state and local environmental and occupational safety laws and regulations, including those relating to discharges of substances in the air, water and land, the handling, storage and disposal of wastes and the clean-up of properties contaminated by pollutants. We do not expect that the ongoing costs of compliance with these environmental requirements will have a material impact on our consolidated earnings, capital expenditures or competitive position. 
 Data Privacy Laws 
 We are subject to evolving supranational, national, state and international data privacy and security laws and regulations that govern the collection, use, disclosure, transfer, location, storage, disposal and protection of 
 8 

health-related and other personal information, including laws and regulations that regulate and restrict cross-border data transfers. Certain of these laws and regulations impose time-sensitive notification requirements to governmental authorities or consumers. We are also subject to emerging guidance governing data security and cyber risk management for medical devices. Failure to comply with any such data protection laws and regulations could result in government enforcement actions (which could include civil and/or criminal penalties), private litigation and/or adverse publicity and could negatively affect our operating results and business. Information regarding the risks associated with data privacy and protection laws may be found in Item 1A. Risk Factors If we fail to comply with data privacy and security laws and regulations, we could face substantial penalties and our business, operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 Competition 
 The orthopedics and broader musculoskeletal care industry is highly competitive. In the global markets for our knees, hips, and S.E.T. products, our major competitors include the DePuy Synthes Companies of Johnson Johnson, Stryker Corporation and Smith Nephew plc. There are smaller competitors in these product categories as well who have success by focusing on smaller subsegments of the industry. 
 Competition within the industry is primarily based on technology, innovation, quality, reputation, customer service and pricing. A key factor in our continuing success in the future will be our ability to develop new products and technologies and improve existing products and technologies. 
 Manufacturing and Raw Materials 
 We manufacture our products at various sites. We also strategically outsource some manufacturing to qualified suppliers who are highly capable of producing components. 
 The manufacturing operations at our facilities are designed to incorporate the cellular concept for production and to implement tenets of a manufacturing philosophy focused on continuous improvement efforts in product quality, lead time reduction and capacity optimization. Our continuous improvement efforts are driven by Lean and Six Sigma methodologies. In addition, at certain of our manufacturing facilities, many of the employees are cross-trained to perform a broad array of operations. 
 We generally target operating our manufacturing facilities at optimal levels of total capacity. We continually evaluate the potential to in source and outsource production as part of our manufacturing strategy to provide value to our stakeholders. 
 In most of our manufacturing network, we have improved our manufacturing processes to harmonize and optimize our quality systems and to protect our profitability and offset the impact of inflationary costs. We have, for example, employed computer-assisted robots and multi-axis grinders to precision polish medical devices; automated certain manufacturing and inspection processes, including on-machine inspection and process controls; purchased state-of-the-art equipment; in-sourced core products and processes; and negotiated cost reductions from third-party suppliers. 
 We use a diverse and broad range of raw materials in the manufacturing of our products. We purchase all of our raw materials and select components used in manufacturing our products from external suppliers. In addition, we purchase some supplies from single sources for reasons of quality assurance, sole source availability, cost effectiveness or constraints resulting from regulatory requirements. We work closely with our suppliers to assure continuity of supply while maintaining high quality and reliability. To date, we have not experienced any significant difficulty in locating and obtaining the materials necessary to fulfill our production schedules. 
 Intellectual Property 
 Patents and other proprietary rights are important to the continued success of our business. We also rely upon trade secrets, know-how, continuing technological innovation and licensing opportunities to develop and maintain our competitive position. We protect our proprietary rights through a variety of methods, including confidentiality agreements and proprietary information agreements with suppliers, employees, consultants and others who may have access to proprietary information. We own or control through licensing arrangements over 6,000 issued patents and patent applications throughout the world that relate to aspects of the technology incorporated in many of our products. 
 9 

Human Capital 
 As of December 31, 2022, we employed approximately 18,000 employees worldwide, including approximately 2,100 employees dedicated to research and development. Approximately 8,000 employees are located within the U.S. and approximately 10,000 employees are located outside of the U.S., primarily throughout Europe and in Japan and China. We have approximately 7,600 employees dedicated to manufacturing our products worldwide. 
 Our mission is to alleviate pain and improve the quality of life for people around the world. Our commitment to patients shapes all day-to-day decisions at Zimmer Biomet. To be able to accomplish our mission, we have established guiding principles. These guiding principles are central to our human capital management policies and practices. The guiding principles are: 
 Respect the contributions and perspectives of all employees 

Commit to the highest standards of patient safety, quality and integrity 

Focus our resources in areas where we will make a difference 

Ensure the company s return is equivalent to the value we provide our customers and patients 

Give back to our communities and people in need. 

Diversity, Equity and Inclusion 
 We believe that each of us as individuals can drive change every day. We remain wholly committed to creating, supporting and celebrating diverse and equal workplaces and communities. Together, we will continue to foster and embrace diversity and inclusion within our team and our communities, and commit our voices and our resources to community groups, business platforms and other organizations united to driving meaningful change and sustained improvement. 
 We believe that representation matters. As of December 31, 2022, women made up approximately 35 percent of our total employee population, and approximately 25 percent of positions at Director level and above. People of Color POC made up approximately 23 percent of our total employee population in the U.S., and comprised approximately 15 percent of positions at Director level and above. We have established 2026 representation goals for women and POC at all levels of the organization, guided by internal data and external benchmarking. 
 Core to our values is our commitment to stand together against hatred, discrimination and injustice, and we advance these values through our actions and investments. With this in mind, we have committed to the following initiatives to drive and accelerate change both within our own organization and around the globe. We have shared these commitments publicly and are tracking our progress against them: 
 Engage our 18,000 global employees in cultural awareness and inclusion programming; 

Invest 1 million and provide executive sponsorship to support ongoing programs and elevate the impact of our employee resource groups; 

Commit at least 5 million over five years through the Zimmer Biomet Foundation to non-profit organizations dedicated to combating racism and supporting diversity, equality and justice. The Zimmer Biomet Foundation is an independent, non-profit organization established in 2018 to address the needs of our global community; 

Match, through the Zimmer Biomet Foundation, employee financial contributions to non-profit organizations, including those dedicated to combating racism and supporting diversity, equality and justice; 

Expand our student and early career internship programs to attract and develop more Black leaders; and 

Continue our financial support of Movement is Life, Inc., a nonprofit multidisciplinary coalition seeking to eliminate racial, ethnic and gender disparities in muscle and joint health. 

10 

Employee Engagement 
 We value our employees input and to that end, from time to time, we conduct comprehensive employee engagement surveys that ultimately inform our actions towards improving employee engagement. Surveys attempt to assess five drivers of engagement including purpose, culture, leadership, personal growth and belonging. The key results of surveys, and commensurate action plans, are shared with our Board of Directors and with our employee base. Employee engagement is the degree to which employees invest their cognitive, emotional, and behavioral energies toward positive organizational outcomes. While we strive for engagement scores to sequentially improve, the outcomes of the surveys can be influenced by many factors that are internal and external to the company. 
 We believe it is critical to keep our employees engaged through frequent and transparent communication. This is accomplished through town halls, video and written messages, news and recognition on our intranet site, and various other methods. 
 Health, Safety and Wellness 
 The physical and mental health, financial wellbeing, and work/life balance of our employees is vital to accomplishing our mission. We sponsor wellness programs designed to enhance physical, financial and mental wellbeing for our employees. We encourage participation in these programs through regular communications, educational sessions and other incentives. 
 We are also intensely focused on the health and safety of our team members in the workplace. Our environmental, health and safety team constantly monitors various metrics to ensure we are providing a safe environment in which to work. In 2022, our Total Recordable Incident Rate was 0.29 and our Lost Time Incident Rate was 0.11. These results are shared with relevant regulatory agencies as required and presented to our Board of Directors. 
 Cybersecurity 
 We have established a cybersecurity program intended to protect the confidentiality, integrity and availability of our systems, data and products in a manner consistent with industry best practices and the NIST Cybersecurity framework. We are currently ISO 27001 certified for our surgery planning ecosystem and continue to maintain this industry certification while expanding its scope. The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors receives cybersecurity updates at least quarterly. The Audit Committee considers cybersecurity risk individually and within our overall risk management framework. We obtain periodic assessments of our cybersecurity program from independent third-party experts, the results of which assessments are reported to our Audit Committee. Our Chief Information Security Officer CISO leads our cybersecurity program through our global information security operations team. Our CISO reports to our Chief Information Officer, who in turn reports to our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer. 
 Under our program, cybersecurity issues are analyzed by subject matter experts, including in IT, risk and compliance, for potential financial, operational, legal, reputational and other risks, based on, among other factors, the nature of the matter and the potential breadth of impact. Matters involving potential data breaches are considered against applicable data breach notification requirements. Matters determined to present potential material impacts to our financial results, operations, and/or reputation are required to be immediately reported to the Audit Committee, as appropriate, in accordance with our escalation framework. In addition, we have established procedures providing that members of management responsible for overseeing the operation of our disclosure controls and procedures are informed in a timely manner of known cybersecurity risks and incidents that may materially impact our operations and that timely public disclosure is made, as appropriate. 
 Our cybersecurity program includes a variety of policies, procedures and attributes including training requirements, threat monitoring and detection, threat containment, risk assessments, third-party penetration testing and security requirements for third-party vendors. From time to time, the program adds new types of artificial intelligence and machine learning processes, techniques and procedures in an effort to combat evolving and adaptive cybersecurity threats. Our global cybersecurity program involves strict separation of duties from other IT functional areas and has established roles that define the responsibility of cybersecurity within our organization. Our global cybersecurity team has a process to address organizational risk through an IT risk committee to evaluate and determine the best approach to mitigate the risk internally and externally. We maintain business continuity, contingency and recovery plans to be used if we experience a cybersecurity incident. We refine our cybersecurity procedures, policies and 
 11 

program based on a variety of factors including lessons learned from previous successful and unsuccessful cyber attacks. Like other large multi-national corporations, we have experienced instances of successful phishing attacks on our email systems and expect to be subject to similar attacks in the future. We also are subject to other cyber-attacks, including state-sponsored cyberattacks, industrial espionage, insider threats, computer denial-of-service attacks, computer viruses, ransomware and other malware, payment fraud or other cyber incidents. However, as of December 31, 2022, we had not yet detected any material information security breaches. Based on our cybersecurity program, we do not maintain dedicated cybersecurity insurance as of December 31, 2022. We continue to evaluate our cybersecurity posture for any changes that could affect the long-term organizational strategy and adjust it based on threats globally. Additional information regarding cybersecurity risks may be found in Item 1A. Risk Factors - We are increasingly dependent on sophisticated information technology and if we fail to effectively maintain or protect our information systems or data, including from data breaches, our business could be adversely affected . 
 
 INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 
 The following table sets forth certain information with respect to our executive officers as of February 15, 2023. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 

Bryan Hanson 
 
 56 
 
 Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Rachel Ellingson 
 
 53 
 
 Senior Vice President and Chief Strategy Officer 

Chad Phipps 
 
 51 
 
 Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary 

Paul Stellato 
 
 48 
 
 Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer 

Ivan Tornos 
 
 47 
 
 Chief Operating Officer 

Suketu Upadhyay 
 
 53 
 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Wilfred van Zuilen 
 
 53 
 
 President, Europe, Middle East and Africa 

Lori Winkler 
 
 61 
 
 Senior Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer 

Sang Yi 
 
 60 
 
 President, Asia Pacific 

Mr. Hanson was appointed President and Chief Executive Officer and a member of the Board of Directors in December 2017. He was subsequently named Chairman of the Board of Directors in May 2021. Previously, Mr. Hanson served as Executive Vice President and President, Minimally Invasive Therapies Group of Medtronic plc from January 2015 until joining Zimmer Biomet. Prior to that, he was Senior Vice President and Group President, Covidien of Covidien plc from October 2014 to January 2015; Senior Vice President and Group President, Medical Devices and United States of Covidien from October 2013 to September 2014; Senior Vice President and Group President of Covidien for the Surgical Solutions business from July 2011 to October 2013; and President of Covidien s Energy-based Devices business from July 2006 to June 2011. Mr. Hanson held several other positions of increasing responsibility in sales, marketing and general management with Covidien from October 1992 to July 2006. Mr. Hanson has also served as a member of the board of directors of Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc. since October 2022. 
 
 Ms. Ellingson was appointed Senior Vice President and Chief Strategy Officer in April 2018 and was designated as an executive officer in January 2021. Prior to joining Zimmer Biomet, Ms. Ellingson served as a member of the executive leadership team of St. Jude Medical in positions of increasing responsibility from 2012 until 2017, most recently as Vice President, Corporate Strategy from 2015 until 2017. Before joining St. Jude Medical, Ms. Ellingson served as Vice President, Business Development and Investor Relations at AGA Medical Corporation. Prior to joining AGA Medical, Ms. Ellingson had more than 15 years of experience in investment banking, rising to the position of Managing Director, Medical Technology Investment Banking with Bank of America. She has served as a member of the board of directors of Biolife Solutions, Inc. since April 2021. 
 Mr. Phipps was appointed Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary in May 2007. He has global responsibility for the Company s Legal Affairs and he serves as Secretary to the Board of Directors. Mr. Phipps also oversees the Company s Government Affairs activities. Previously, Mr. Phipps served as Associate General Counsel and Corporate Secretary from December 2005 to May 2007. He joined the Company in September 2003 as Associate Counsel and Assistant Secretary. Prior to joining the Company, he served as Vice President and General Counsel of L N Sales and Marketing, Inc. in Pennsylvania and he practiced law with the firm of Morgan, Lewis Bockius in Philadelphia, focusing on corporate and securities law, mergers and acquisitions and financial 
 12 

transactions. Since June 2022, Mr. Phipps has served as a director of Movement is Life, Inc., a 501(c)(3) charity focused on reducing healthcare disparities and for which we are a principal financial donor. 
 Mr. Stellato was appointed Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer in May 2022. Previously, he served as Vice President Finance, Global Business Services from March 2019 through April 2022, with Xylem Inc. Xylem ), a global provider of water technology products and services. He joined Xylem upon its spinoff from ITT Corporation ITT in October 2011 and served as Xylem s Vice President Finance, Financial Planning and Analysis through August 2017. He was promoted to Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer in August 2017 after serving as Interim Corporate Controller starting in August 2016, and became Vice President Finance, Global Business Services in March 2019. Prior to Xylem s spinoff from ITT in October 2011, Mr. Stellato served with ITT beginning in May 2003, having served most recently as ITT s General Auditor and prior to that, as Manager - Investor Relations. He began his career in public accounting with Ernst Young LLP and Arthur Andersen LLP and is a certified public accountant. 
 Mr. Tornos was appointed Chief Operating Officer in March 2021. Previously, he served as the Company s Group President, Global Businesses and the Americas since December 2019 and prior to that as Group President, Orthopedics since joining the Company in November 2018. Prior to joining Zimmer Biomet, Mr. Tornos served as Worldwide President of the Global Urology, Medical and Critical Care Divisions of Becton, Dickinson and Company BD (and previously, C. R. Bard, Inc. Bard )) from June 2017 until October 2018. From June 2017 until BD s acquisition of Bard in December 2017, Mr. Tornos also continued to serve as President, EMEA of Bard, a position to which he was appointed in September 2013. Mr. Tornos joined Bard in August 2011 and, prior to his appointment as President, EMEA, served as Vice President and General Manager with leadership responsibility for Bard s business in Southern Europe, Central Europe and the Emerging Markets Region of the Middle East and Africa. Before joining Bard, Mr. Tornos served as Vice President and General Manager of the Americas Pharmaceutical and Medical/Imaging Segments of Covidien International from April 2009 to August 2011. Before that, he served as International Vice President, Business Development and Strategy with Baxter International Inc. from July 2008 to April 2009 and, prior to that, Mr. Tornos spent 11 years with Johnson Johnson in positions of increasing responsibility. He has also served as a member of the board of directors at PHC Holdings Corporation since September 2021. 
 Mr. Upadhyay was appointed Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer in July 2019. Prior to joining Zimmer Biomet, Mr. Upadhyay served as Senior Vice President, Global Financial Operations at Bristol-Myers Squibb Company from November 2016 until June 2019. Before joining Bristol-Myers Squibb, he served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Endo International plc from September 2013 to November 2016. Prior to his tenure at Endo International, Mr. Upadhyay served as Interim Chief Financial Officer as well as Senior Vice President of Finance, Corporate Controller and Principal Accounting Officer of BD. Prior to his role as BD s Interim Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Controller, Mr. Upadhyay was the Senior Vice President of Global Financial Planning and Analysis and also held the role of Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of BD s international business. Before joining BD in 2010, Mr. Upadhyay held a number of leadership roles across AstraZeneca PLC and Johnson Johnson. Mr. Upadhyay spent the early part of his career in public accounting with KPMG. He has also served as a member of the board of directors of Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated since May 2022. 
 Mr. van Zuilen was appointed President, Europe, Middle East and Africa in June 2021. Prior to joining Zimmer Biomet, Mr. van Zuilen served in various roles for Medtronic plc, including as Vice President, North Western Europe from October 2020 to May 2021, as Vice President, Restorative Therapies Group EMEA from February 2017 through September 2020, and as Vice President, Advanced Surgical Technologies Europe, Surgical Solution Group, from October 2011 through January 2017. He served in other roles of increasing responsibility with Medtronic plc through January 1998. Before joining Medtronic, he spent more than five years in medical sales, most recently with Baxter BV (Edwards Lifesciences). 
 Ms. Winkler joined Zimmer Biomet as Group Vice President of Human Resources in February 2020 and was appointed Senior Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer in February 2021. Prior to joining Zimmer Biomet, she served Cardinal Health, Inc. as a Worldwide Vice President of Human Resources in the Medical Segment from November 2016 through January 2020. Before joining Cardinal Health, Ms. Winkler served more than 20 years with Johnson and Johnson, including its subsidiary companies DePuy and Cordis, most recently as Global Head, Human Resources Global Finance from April 2011 through November 2016. She has served as an independent voting member of the board of directors of Family Promise, Inc., a 501(c)(3) charity focused on housing and homelessness, since August 2022. 
 13 

Mr. Yi was appointed President, Asia Pacific in June 2015. He is responsible for the sales, marketing and distribution of products, services and solutions in the Asia Pacific region. Mr. Yi joined the Company in March 2013 as Senior Vice President, Asia Pacific. Previously, he served as Vice President and General Manager of St. Jude Medical for Asia Pacific and Australia from 2005 to 2013. Prior to that, Mr. Yi held several leadership positions over a ten-year period with Boston Scientific Corporation, ultimately serving as Vice President for North Asia. 
 AVAILABLE INFORMATION 
 Our Internet address is www.zimmerbiomet.com. We routinely post important information for investors on our website in the Investor Relations section, which may be accessed from our homepage at www.zimmerbiomet.com or directly at https://investor.zimmerbiomet.com. We use this website as a means of disclosing material, non-public information and for complying with our disclosure obligations under Regulation FD. Accordingly, investors should monitor the Investor Relations section of our website, in addition to following our press releases, SEC filings, public conference calls, presentations and webcasts. Our goal is to maintain the Investor Relations website as a portal through which investors can easily find or navigate to pertinent information about us, free of charge, including: 
 our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended Exchange Act ), as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file that material with or furnish it to the SEC; 

announcements of investor conferences and events at which our executives talk about our products and competitive strategies, as well as archives of these events; 

press releases on quarterly earnings, product announcements, legal developments and other material news that we may post from time to time; 

corporate governance information including our Corporate Governance Guidelines, Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, Code of Ethics for Chief Executive Officer and Senior Financial Officers, information concerning our Board of Directors and its committees, including the charters of the Audit Committee, Compensation and Management Development Committee, Corporate Governance Committee and Quality, Regulatory and Technology Committee, and other governance-related policies; 

stockholder services information, including ways to contact our transfer agent and information on how to sign up for direct deposit of dividends or enroll in our dividend reinvestment plan; and 

opportunities to sign up for email alerts and RSS feeds to have information provided in real time. 

The information available on our website is not incorporated by reference in, or a part of, this or any other report we file with or furnish to the SEC. 
 Item 1A. Ris k Factors 
 We operate in a rapidly changing economic and technological environment that presents numerous risks, many of which are driven by factors that we cannot control or predict. Our business, financial condition and results of operations may be impacted by a number of factors. In addition to the factors discussed elsewhere in this report, the following risks and uncertainties could materially harm our business, financial condition or results of operations, including causing our actual results to differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements. The following list of significant risk factors is not all-inclusive or necessarily in order of importance. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us, or that we currently deem immaterial, also may materially adversely affect us in future periods. You should carefully consider these risks and uncertainties before investing in our securities. 
 Risks Related to our Business, Operations and Strategy 
 
 Business and economic conditions, including disruptions related to the COVID-19 pandemic, have adversely impacted, and may, either alone or in combination with other risks, in the future adversely impact, our business, results of operations and financial condition, the nature and extent of which are uncertain and unpredictable. 
 Our operations expose us to risks from business interruptions that may arise from a variety of sources, including public health crises and outbreaks of diseases, such as the COVID-19 pandemic and its variants, supply chain 
 14 

disruptions, trade and tariff disputes and global conflicts, that can, singly or in combination with other factors, adversely affect our business and financial results. We experienced a sustained decline in elective surgical procedures globally due to the COVID-19 pandemic and its associated effects, including deferrals of elective surgical procedures and staffing shortages at hospitals. Surgical volumes generally recovered over the course of 2022, but may return to lower levels due to future COVID-19 variants and resurgences. 
 We continue to experience risks and uncertainty in several aspects of our business including relating to global, regional and national supply chain disruption; dynamic economic conditions; foreign exchange rate volatility; inflation; workforce availability changes; healthcare staffing challenges and changes in government spending. We expect several of these factors to continue, and there can be no assurance that we will successfully manage these risks without adverse impacts to our business or financial results. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has illustrated that the occurrence of one risk can have unpredictable effects on other risks, such as we experienced with supply chain disruptions connected to the COVID-19 pandemic. The occurrence of any one or more risks described in these Risk Factors or otherwise may have unpredictable effects on other risks, our business, operations or financial results which may be comparable to, or more adverse than, those we experienced in connection with the COVID-19 pandemic. Therefore, we are also at risk from business and other risks and uncertainties, either alone or in combination with other risk factors. 
 Our restructuring programs may not be successful or we may not fully realize the expected cost savings and/or operating efficiencies from our restructuring initiatives. 
 In December 2019, our Board of Directors approved, and we initiated, a global restructuring program (the 2019 Restructuring Plan with an objective of reducing costs to allow us to further invest in higher priority growth opportunities, which is ongoing. In December 2021, our management also initiated a global restructuring program (the 2021 Restructuring Plan to further reduce costs and to reorganize our global operations in preparation for the spinoff of ZimVie. Restructuring initiatives involve complex plans and actions that may include, or result in, workforce reductions, global plant closures and/or consolidations, product portfolio rationalizations and asset impairments. Additionally, as a result of restructuring initiatives, we may experience a loss of continuity, loss of accumulated knowledge and/or inefficiencies during transitional periods. Restructuring initiatives present significant risks that may impair our ability to achieve anticipated operating enhancements and/or cost reductions, or otherwise harm our business, including higher than anticipated costs in implementing our restructuring programs, as well as management distraction. For more information on our restructuring programs, see Note 5 to our consolidated financial statements. If we fail to achieve some or all of the expected benefits of restructuring, it could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Our success largely depends on our ability to attract, retain, develop and motivate our human capital, including our senior management, and on our ability to have meaningful succession plans in place to prepare for foreseen and unforeseen changes. 
 Our future performance depends, in large part, on the continued skills, experiences, competencies and services of our senior management and other key talent, including our ability to attract, retain, develop and motivate our highly skilled employees, senior management, independent agents and distributors. Competition for talent in our business is significant. Our ability to attract and retain key talent, in particular senior management, is dependent on a number of factors, including prevailing market conditions, our ability to offer competitive compensation packages and our ability to be perceived as a preferred place to work. Effective succession planning is also important to our long-term success; failure to ensure effective transfer of knowledge and orderly transitions involving key employees could hinder our business. 
 We may not be able to effectively integrate acquired businesses into our operations or achieve expected cost savings or profitability from our acquisitions. 
 Our acquisitions involve numerous risks, including: 
 unforeseen difficulties in integrating personnel and sales forces, operations, manufacturing, logistics, research and development, information technology, compliance, vendor management, communications, purchasing, accounting, marketing, administration and other systems and processes; 

difficulties harmonizing and optimizing quality systems and operations; 

diversion of financial and management resources from existing operations; 

15 

unforeseen difficulties related to entering geographic regions or markets where we do not have prior experience; 

potential loss of key employees; 

unforeseen risks and liabilities associated with businesses acquired, including any unknown vulnerabilities in acquired technology or compromises of acquired data; and/or 

inability to generate sufficient revenue or realize sufficient cost savings to offset acquisition or investment costs. 

As a result, if we fail to evaluate and execute acquisitions properly, we might not achieve the anticipated benefits of such acquisitions, and we may incur costs in excess of what we anticipate. These risks would likely be greater in the case of larger acquisitions. 
 Interruption of manufacturing operations could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We and our third-party manufacturers have manufacturing sites all over the world. In some instances, however, the manufacturing of certain of our product lines is concentrated in one or more plants, some of which plants are geographically concentrated. Damage to one or more facilities from weather or natural disaster-related events, vulnerabilities in technology, cyber-attacks against our information systems or the information systems of our business partners (such as ransomware attacks), or issues in manufacturing arising from failure to follow specific internal protocols and procedures, compliance concerns relating to the Quality System Regulation QSR and Good Manufacturing Practice requirements, equipment breakdown or malfunction, reductions in operations and/or worker absences, trade impediments or other factors could adversely affect the ability to manufacture our products. In the event of an interruption in manufacturing, we may be unable to move quickly to alternate means of producing affected products or to meet customer demand. We have experienced such interruptions due to the COVID-19 pandemic, and we may experience such interruptions in the future due to the pandemic or otherwise. In the event of a significant interruption, for example, as a result of a failure to follow regulatory protocols and procedures, we may experience lengthy delays in resuming production of affected products due primarily to the need for regulatory approvals. The global supply chain has been and continues to be negatively impacted by COVID-19 and a variety of other macro factors which has, in part, resulted in challenges to meet end market demand in some instances. We expect similar challenges in 2023. As a result, we may experience loss of market share, which we may be unable to recapture, and harm to our reputation, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Disruptions in the supply of the materials and components used in manufacturing our products or the sterilization of our products by third-party suppliers could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We purchase many of the materials and components used in manufacturing our products from third-party suppliers, and we outsource some key manufacturing activities. Certain of these materials and components and outsourced activities can only be obtained from a single source or a limited number of sources due to quality considerations, expertise, costs or constraints resulting from regulatory requirements. In certain cases, we may not be able to establish additional or replacement suppliers for such materials or components or outsourced activities in a timely or cost effective manner, due to market constraints or as a result of FDA and other worldwide regulations that require validation of materials and components prior to their use in our products and the complex nature of our and many of our suppliers' manufacturing processes and the need for clearance or approval of significant changes by worldwide regulatory bodies prior to implementation. A reduction or interruption in the supply of materials or components used in manufacturing our products, such as due to one or more suppliers experiencing reductions in operations and/or worker absences due to a pandemic or otherwise; an inability to timely develop and validate alternative sources if required; or a significant increase in the price of such materials or components could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 In addition, many of our products require sterilization prior to sale, and we utilize a mix of internal resources and contract sterilizers to perform this service. To the extent we or our contract sterilizers are unable to sterilize our products, whether due to capacity, availability of materials for sterilization, regulatory or other constraints, including federal and state regulations on the use of ethylene oxide, or reductions in operations and/or worker absences due to the COVID-19 pandemic or otherwise, we may be unable to transition to other contract sterilizers, sterilizer locations or sterilization methods in a timely or cost effective manner or at all, which could have a material impact on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 16 

Moreover, we are subject to the SEC s rule regarding disclosure of the use of certain minerals, known as conflict minerals (tantalum, tin and tungsten (or their ores) and gold), which are mined from the Democratic Republic of the Congo and adjoining countries. This rule could adversely affect the sourcing, availability and pricing of materials used in the manufacture of our products, which could adversely affect our manufacturing operations and our profitability. In addition, we are incurring additional costs to comply with this rule, including costs related to determining the source of any relevant minerals, metals and other materials used in our products. We have a complex supply chain, and we may not be able to sufficiently verify the origins of the minerals and metals used in our products through our due diligence procedures. As a result, we may face reputational challenges with our customers and other stakeholders. 
 We are increasingly dependent on sophisticated information technology and if we fail to effectively maintain or protect our information systems or data, including from data breaches, our business could be adversely affected. 
 We are increasingly dependent on sophisticated information technology for our products and infrastructure. As a result of technology initiatives, expanding and evolving privacy and cybersecurity laws, changes in our system platforms and integration of new business acquisitions, we have been consolidating and integrating the number of systems we operate and have upgraded and expanded our information systems capabilities. In addition, some of our products and services incorporate software or information technology that collects data regarding patients and patient therapy, and some software and other products we provide to customers connect to our systems for maintenance and other purposes. We also have outsourced elements of our operations to third parties, and, as a result, we manage a number of third-party suppliers who may or could have access to our confidential information, including, but not limited to, intellectual property, proprietary business information and personal information of patients, employees and customers (collectively Confidential Information ). 
 Our information systems, and those of third-party suppliers with whom we contract, require an ongoing commitment of significant resources to maintain, protect and enhance existing systems and develop new systems to keep pace with continuing changes in information technology, evolving systems and regulatory standards, changing threats and vulnerabilities, and the increasing need to protect patient and customer information. In addition, given their size and complexity, these systems could be vulnerable to service interruptions or to security breaches from inadvertent or intentional actions by our employees, third-party vendors and/or business partners, or from cyber-attacks by malicious third parties attempting to gain unauthorized access to our products, systems or Confidential Information. 
 Like other large multi-national corporations, we have experienced instances of successful phishing attacks on our email systems and expect to be subject to similar attacks in the future. We also are subject to other cyber-attacks, including state-sponsored cyber-attacks, industrial espionage, insider threats, computer denial-of-service attacks, computer viruses, ransomware and other malware, payment fraud or other cyber incidents. In addition, as a result of our adoption of remote work arrangements in many positions, a significant number of our employees who are able to work remotely are doing so, and malicious cyber actors may increase malware campaigns and phishing emails targeting teleworkers, which exposes us to additional cybersecurity risks. Our incident response efforts, business continuity procedures and disaster recovery planning may not be sufficient for all eventualities. If we fail to maintain or protect our information systems and data integrity effectively, we could: 
 lose existing customers, vendors and business partners; 

have difficulty attracting new customers; 

have problems in determining product cost estimates and establishing appropriate pricing; 

suffer outages or disruptions in our operations or supply chain; 

have difficulty preventing, detecting, and controlling fraud; 

have disputes with customers, physicians, and other healthcare professionals; 

have regulatory sanctions or penalties imposed; 

incur increased operating expenses; 

be subject to issues with product functionality that may result in a loss of data, risk to patient safety, field actions and/or product recalls; 

incur expenses or lose revenues as a result of a data privacy breach; or 

suffer other adverse consequences. 

While we have invested heavily in the protection of our data and information technology, there can be no assurance that our activities related to consolidating the number of systems we operate, upgrading and expanding our information systems capabilities, protecting and enhancing our systems and implementing new systems will be 
 17 

successful. We will continue to dedicate significant resources to protect against unauthorized access to our systems and work with government authorities to detect and reduce the risk of future cyber incidents; however, cyber-attacks are becoming more sophisticated, frequent and adaptive. Therefore, despite our efforts, we cannot assure that cyber-attacks or data breaches will not occur or that systems issues will not arise in the future. Any significant breakdown, intrusion, breach, interruption, corruption or destruction of these systems could have a material adverse effect on our business and reputation and could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Our success depends on our ability to effectively develop and market our products against those of our competitors. 
 We operate in a highly competitive environment. Our present or future products could be rendered obsolete or uneconomical by technological advances by one or more of our present or future competitors or by other therapies, including biological therapies. To remain competitive, we must continue to develop and acquire new products and technologies and improve existing products and technologies. Competition is primarily on the basis of technology, innovation, quality, reputation, customer service and pricing. In markets outside of the U.S., other factors influence competition as well, including local distribution systems, complex regulatory environments and differing medical philosophies and product preferences. Our competition may have greater financial, marketing and other resources than us; respond more quickly to new or emerging technologies; undertake more extensive marketing campaigns; operate more effective sales and distribution channels; adopt more aggressive pricing policies; or be more successful in attracting potential customers, employees and strategic partners. Any of these factors, alone or in combination, could cause us to have difficulty maintaining or increasing sales of our products. 
 If we fail to retain the employees, independent agents and distributors upon whom we rely heavily to market our products, customers may not buy our products and our revenue and profitability may decline. 
 Our marketing success in the U.S. and abroad depends significantly upon our employees , agents and distributors sales and service expertise in the marketplace. Many of these agents have developed professional relationships with existing and potential customers because of the agents detailed knowledge of products and instruments. A loss of a significant number of our agents could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 If we do not introduce new products in a timely manner, our products may become obsolete over time, customers may not buy our products and our revenue and profitability may decline. 
 Demand for our products may change, in certain cases, in ways we may not anticipate because of evolving customer needs, changing demographics, slowing industry growth rates, declines in the musculoskeletal implant market, the introduction of new products and technologies and evolving surgical philosophies and industry standards. 
 Without the timely introduction of new products and enhancements, our products may become obsolete over time. If that happens, our revenue and operating results would suffer. The success of our new product offerings will depend on several factors, including our ability to properly identify and anticipate customer needs; commercialize new products in a timely manner; manufacture and deliver instruments and products in sufficient volumes on time; differentiate our offerings from competitors offerings; achieve positive clinical outcomes for new products; satisfy the increased demands by healthcare payors, providers and patients for shorter hospital stays, faster post-operative recovery and lower-cost procedures; innovate and develop new materials, product designs and surgical techniques; and provide adequate medical education relating to new products. 
 In addition, new materials, product designs and surgical techniques that we develop may not be accepted quickly, in some or all markets, because of, among other factors, entrenched patterns of clinical practice, the need for regulatory clearance and uncertainty with respect to third-party reimbursement. 
 Moreover, innovations generally require a substantial investment in research and development before we can determine their commercial viability, and we may not have the financial resources necessary to fund the research, development and production. In addition, even if we are able to successfully develop enhancements or new generations of our products, these enhancements or new generations of products may not produce revenue in excess of the costs of development and they may be quickly rendered obsolete by changing customer preferences or the introduction by our competitors of products embodying new technologies or features. 
 
 If third-party payors decline to reimburse our customers for our products or reduce reimbursement levels, the demand for our products may decline and our ability to sell our products profitably may be harmed. In addition, 
 18 

we are subject to cost containment measures in the United States and other countries, resulting in pricing pressures, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 We sell our products and services to hospitals, doctors and other healthcare providers, which receive reimbursement for the healthcare services provided to their patients from third-party payors, such as domestic and international government programs, private insurance plans and managed care programs. These third-party payors may deny reimbursement if they determine that a product or service used in a procedure was not in accordance with cost-effective treatment methods, as determined by the third-party payor, or was used for an unapproved indication. Third-party payors may also decline to reimburse for experimental procedures and products. In addition, third-party payors are increasingly attempting to contain healthcare costs by limiting both coverage and the level of reimbursement for medical products and services. If third-party payors deny or decline reimbursement, reduce reimbursement levels or change reimbursement models for our products, demand for our products may decline, or we may experience increased pressure to reduce the prices of our products, which could have a material adverse effect on our sales and results of operations. 
 Many customers for our products have formed group purchasing organizations in an effort to contain costs. Group purchasing organizations negotiate pricing arrangements with medical supply manufacturers and distributors, and these negotiated prices are made available to a group purchasing organization s affiliated hospitals and other members. If we are not one of the providers selected by a group purchasing organization, affiliated hospitals and other members may be less likely to purchase our products, and, if the group purchasing organization has negotiated a strict compliance contract for another manufacturer s products, we may be precluded from making sales to members of the group purchasing organization for the duration of the contractual arrangement. Our failure to respond to the cost-containment efforts of group purchasing organizations may cause us to lose market share to our competitors and could have a material adverse effect on our sales and results of operations. 
 Initiatives to limit the growth of general healthcare expenses and hospital costs are ongoing in the markets in which we do business, and we have experienced downward pressure on product pricing and other effects of healthcare reform in our international markets. These initiatives are sponsored by government agencies, legislative bodies and the private sector and include price regulation and competitive pricing. For example, China has implemented a volume-based procurement VBP process designed to reduce medical spending, which has in the past resulted in, and could in the future result in, reduced margins on covered devices and products, required renegotiation of distributor arrangements, and incurrence of inventory-related charges. In cases where our product is not selected in VBP, sales of that product are substantially impacted. Pricing pressure has also increased due to continued consolidation among healthcare providers, trends toward managed care, the shift toward governments becoming the primary payors of healthcare expenses, reductions in reimbursement levels and government laws and regulations relating to reimbursement and pricing generally. If key participants in government healthcare systems reduce the reimbursement levels for our products, including through political changes or transitions, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may be adversely affected. 
 Financial, Credit and Liquidity Risks 
 We incurred substantial additional indebtedness in connection with previous mergers and acquisitions and may not be able to meet all of our debt obligations, and interest rate risk could adversely affect our indebtedness. 
 We incurred substantial additional indebtedness in connection with previous mergers and acquisitions. At December 31, 2022, our total indebtedness was 5.7 billion. As of December 31, 2022, our debt service principal obligations (excluding interest, leases and equipment notes), during the next 12 months are expected to be 0.5 billion. As a result of the increase in our debt, demands on our cash resources have increased. The increased level of debt could, among other things: 
 require us to dedicate a large portion of our cash flow from operations to the servicing and repayment of our debt, thereby reducing funds available for working capital, capital expenditures, research and development expenditures and other general corporate requirements; 

limit our ability to obtain additional financing to fund future working capital, capital expenditures, research and development expenditures and other general corporate requirements; 

limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry in which we operate; 

restrict our ability to make strategic acquisitions or dispositions or to exploit business opportunities; 

place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less debt; 

19 

adversely affect our credit rating, with the result that the cost of servicing our indebtedness might increase and our ability to obtain surety bonds could be impaired; 

adversely affect the market price of our common stock; and 

limit our ability to apply proceeds from a future offering or asset sale to purposes other than the servicing and repayment of debt. 

In addition, the interest rates applicable to certain of our debt obligations are based on a fluctuating rate of interest determined by reference to the Secure Overnight Financing Rate SOFR or the rate of interest last quoted by The Wall Street Journal as the Prime Rate in the United States. Any increase in interest rates applicable to our debt obligations would increase our cost of borrowing and could adversely affect our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 We may have additional tax liabilities. 
 We are subject to income taxes in the U.S. and many foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in determining our worldwide provision for income taxes. In the ordinary course of our business, there are many transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. We are regularly under audit by tax authorities. Although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, the final determination of tax audits and any related litigation could be materially different from our historical income tax provisions and accruals. The results of an audit or litigation could have a material effect on our financial statements in the period or periods for which that determination is made. 
 Proposed changes in tax laws in countries in which we do business, if enacted, could lead to changes in tax laws that could negatively impact our effective tax rate. 
 Changes in the tax laws and regulations of the jurisdictions where we do business, including an increase in tax rates or an adverse change in the treatment of an item of income or expense, could result in a material increase in our tax expense and/or tax payments, could increase tax uncertainty and could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations. For example, changes in the tax laws of foreign jurisdictions are expected to occur as a result of pillar two of the base erosion and profit shifting plan Pillar Two undertaken by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development, which would require profits earned in jurisdictions in which we operate to be subject to a minimum 15 percent income tax rate. In December 2022, the European Union Council established effective dates of January 1, 2024 and January 1, 2025 for different aspects of Pillar Two. We are continuing to evaluate the potential impact on future periods of the Pillar Two, pending legislative adoption by additional individual countries, including those within the European Union. 
 The spinoff of ZimVie Inc. and the divestiture of our retained interest in ZimVie Inc. could result in substantial tax liability. 
 We obtained Internal Revenue Service IRS rulings and an opinion as to the tax-free nature of the spinoff under the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. We subsequently obtained supplemental IRS rulings as to the tax-free nature of our divestiture of retained shares of ZimVie common stock following the spinoff, which divestiture completed in February 2023. The IRS rulings and opinion are based, among other things, on various factual assumptions and representations we made. If any of these assumptions or representations are, or become, inaccurate or incomplete, reliance on the opinion and rulings may be jeopardized. If the spinoff, or the subsequent divestiture of our retained interest in ZimVie, does not qualify for tax-free treatment for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the resulting tax liability to us, to our stockholders and to ZimVie stockholders could be substantial. 
 If our independent agents and distributors are characterized as employees, we would be subject to additional tax and other liabilities. 
 We structure our relationships with independent agents and distributors in a manner that we believe results in an independent contractor relationship, not an employee relationship. Although we believe that our independent agents and distributors are properly characterized as independent contractors, tax or other regulatory authorities may in the future challenge our characterization of these relationships. Further, we have been subject to lawsuits challenging 
 20 

the characterization of these relationships. Changes in classification from independent contractor to employee can result in a change to various requirements associated with the payment of wages, tax withholding, and the provision of unemployment, health, and other traditional employer-employee related benefits. If regulatory authorities or state, federal or foreign courts were to determine our independent agents or distributors are employees, and not independent contractors, we would be required to withhold income taxes, to withhold and pay social security, Medicare and similar taxes and to pay unemployment and other related payroll taxes. We would also be liable for unpaid past taxes and subject to penalties. As a result, any determination that our independent agents and distributors are our employees could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Future material impairments in the carrying value of our intangible assets, including goodwill, would negatively affect our operating results. 
 Goodwill and intangible assets represent a significant portion of our assets. At December 31, 2022, we had 8.6 billion in goodwill and 5.1 billion of intangible assets. The goodwill results from our acquisition activity and represents the excess of the consideration transferred over the fair value of the net assets acquired. We assess at least annually whether events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of our intangible assets may not be recoverable. As discussed further in Note 11 to our consolidated financial statements, in the fourth quarter of 2022, we recorded goodwill impairment charges of 289.8 million as a result of, among other factors, changes in foreign currency exchange rates in our European-based currencies, inflation and a higher interest rate environment; in the first quarter of 2020, we recorded goodwill impairment charges of 470.0 million as a result of the adverse impacts from the COVID-19 pandemic and a change in our reportable segments; and in the second quarter of 2022 and 2021, we recorded 3.0 million and 16.3 million, respectively, of in-process research and development IPR D intangible asset impairments on certain IPR D projects. If the operating performance at one or more of our reporting units falls significantly below current levels, including if elective surgical procedures return to lower levels due to a resurgence of the COVID-19 pandemic or otherwise, if competing or alternative technologies emerge, if market conditions or future cash flow estimates for one or more of our businesses decline, or as a result of restructuring initiatives pursuant to which we reorganize our reporting units, we could be required to record additional impairment charges. Any write-off of a material portion of our goodwill or unamortized intangible assets would negatively affect our results of operations. 
 Global Operational Risks 
 We conduct a significant amount of our sales activity outside of the U.S., which subjects us to additional business risks and may cause our profitability to decline due to increased costs. 
 We sell our products in more than 100 countries and derived approximately 42 percent of our net sales in 2022 from outside the U.S. We intend to continue to pursue growth opportunities in sales internationally, including in emerging markets, which could expose us to additional risks associated with international sales and operations. Our international operations are, and will continue to be, subject to a number of risks and potential costs, including: 
 changes in foreign medical reimbursement policies and programs; 

differences in and changes to foreign regulatory requirements, such as more stringent requirements for regulatory clearance of products; 

differing local product preferences and product requirements; 

fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates; 

the effects of inflation, including the effects of different rates of inflation in different countries, on our costs and the costs of our products; 

diminished protection of intellectual property in some countries outside of the U.S.; 

trade protection measures, import or export requirements, new or increased tariffs, trade embargoes and sanctions and other trade barriers, which may prevent us from shipping products to or receiving products from a particular market, restrict our access to certain sources of raw materials and other inputs, increase our operating costs and disrupt our ability to collect payment for our products and services in particular markets; 

foreign exchange controls that might prevent us from repatriating cash earned in countries outside the U.S.; 

complex data privacy and cybersecurity requirements and labor relations laws; 

extraterritorial effects of U.S. laws such as the FCPA; 

21 

effects of foreign anti-corruption laws, such as the UK Bribery Act; 

difficulty in staffing and managing foreign operations; 

labor force instability; 

potentially negative consequences from changes in tax laws; and 

political, social and economic instability and uncertainty, including wars, other conflict and sovereign debt issues. 

Violations of foreign laws or regulations could result in fines, criminal sanctions against us, our officers or our employees, prohibitions on the conduct of our business and damage to our reputation. 
 Wars and other conflicts may increase certain of these risks and may adversely affect our business and financial performance, including by limiting our ability to operate in, or export from, certain markets. Losing access to such markets or exports may have a material adverse effect on our business in the affected market and may limit our ability to operate some of our businesses globally. 
 We anticipate that the effects of emerging, expanding and new conflicts, such as a possible expansion of the Russian-Ukrainian conflict or a conflict involving China and Taiwan, would not be limited to the specific markets involved. For example, the U.S. and other countries have imposed sanctions on Russia, certain of its governmental bodies, certain businesses and certain individuals due to the invasion of Ukraine, and additional sanctions may continue to be imposed. Similar sanctions could be expected to emerge from other conflicts. Sanctions, and other civil, political and economic effects of such conflicts may have adverse impacts globally, including supply chain continuity disruption; inflationary pressures and increased costs of raw materials and inputs; manufacturing or shipping delays; increased shipping costs; inability to ship products to or from certain countries potentially resulting in an inability to sell certain products globally; and increased disruptions and delays on our ability to collect payment for our products and services in particular markets. While Russia and Ukraine do not constitute material portions of our business, a significant escalation or expansion of economic disruption or of the conflict s current scope, or the emergence of new conflicts involving other countries, could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 We are subject to risks arising from currency exchange rate fluctuations, which can increase our costs, cause our profitability to decline and expose us to counterparty risks. 
 A substantial portion of our foreign revenues is generated in Europe and Japan. The U.S. Dollar value of our foreign-generated revenues varies with currency exchange rate fluctuations. Significant increases in the value of the U.S. Dollar relative to the Euro, the Japanese Yen, the Swiss Franc or other currencies could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. Although we address currency risk management through regular operating and financing activities, and, on a limited basis, through the use of derivative financial instruments, those actions may not prove to be fully effective or may create additional financial obligations for us. Further, if the counterparties to the derivative financial instrument transactions fail to honor their obligations due to financial distress or otherwise, we would be exposed to potential losses or the inability to recover anticipated gains from those transactions. 
 Legal, Regulatory and Compliance Risks 
 We are subject to costly and complex laws and governmental regulations relating to the development, design, product standards, packaging, advertising, promotion, postmarket surveillance, manufacturing, labeling and marketing of our products, non-compliance with which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our global regulatory environment is increasingly stringent, unpredictable and complex. The products we design, develop, manufacture and market are subject to rigorous regulation by the FDA and numerous other supranational, national, federal, regional, state and local governmental authorities. The process of obtaining regulatory approvals and clearances to market these products can be costly and time consuming and approvals might not be granted for future products on a timely basis, if at all. Delays in receipt of, or failure to obtain, approvals for future products, or loss of approval for current products, could result in delayed realization of product revenues or in substantial additional costs. 
 Both before and after a product is commercially released, we have ongoing responsibilities under FDA regulations and other supranational, national, federal, regional, state and local requirements globally. These requirements relate to quality systems, recordkeeping, labeling, promotional requirements, adverse event reporting regulations and other matters, which are subject to continual review and are monitored rigorously through periodic inspections by regulators, which may result in observations (such as on FDA Form 483), and in some cases warning letters, that 
 22 

require corrective action, or other forms of enforcement. Furthermore, regulators strictly regulate the promotional claims that we may make about approved or cleared products. 
 In the EU, for example, the EU MDR became effective in May 2021 and includes significant additional premarket and post-market requirements. Complying with the requirements of this regulation requires us to incur significant expense. Additionally, the availability of recognized European notified body services certified to the new EU MDR requirements is limited, which may delay the marketing approval for some of our products under the EU MDR. 
 If a regulator were to conclude that we are not in compliance with applicable laws or regulations, that any of our products are ineffective or pose an unreasonable health risk, or that we have marketed or promoted a product for use other than as indicated in labelling approved by the regulator, the regulator could ban such products; detain or seize adulterated or misbranded products; order a recall, repair, replacement, or refund of payment of such products; refuse to grant pending premarket approval applications; refuse to provide certificates for exports; require us to notify healthcare professionals and others that the products present unreasonable risks of substantial harm to the public health; and subject us to fines, injunctions or other penalties. The regulator may also impose operating restrictions, including a ceasing of operations at one or more facilities, enjoining and restraining certain violations of applicable law pertaining to our products, seizing our products, and/or assessing civil or criminal penalties against our officers, employees or us. Regulators could also issue a corporate warning letter or a recidivist warning letter or negotiate the entry of a consent decree of permanent injunction with us, and/or recommend prosecution. Any adverse regulatory action, depending on its magnitude, may restrict us from effectively manufacturing, marketing and selling our products and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 In August 2018, we received a warning letter from the FDA related to observed non-conformities with current good manufacturing practice requirements of the QSR at our Warsaw North Campus manufacturing facility. As of February 24, 2023, this warning letter remained pending. Until the violations are corrected, we may become subject to additional regulatory action by the FDA as described above, the FDA may refuse to grant premarket approval applications and/or the FDA may refuse to grant export certificates, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Additional information regarding these and other FDA regulatory matters can be found in Note 21 to our consolidated financial statements. 
 Our products and operations are also often subject to the rules of industrial standards bodies, such as the International Standards Organization. If we fail to adequately address any of these regulations, our business could be harmed. 
 If we fail to comply with healthcare fraud and abuse laws and regulations, we could face substantial penalties and our business, operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 The sales, marketing and pricing of products and relationships that medical products companies have with healthcare providers are under increased scrutiny around the world. Our industry is subject to various laws and regulations pertaining to healthcare fraud and abuse, including the False Claims Act, the Anti-Kickback Statute, the Stark law, the Physician Payments Sunshine Act, the Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act and similar laws and regulations in the U.S. and around the world. In addition, we are subject to various laws concerning anti-corruption and anti-bribery matters (including the FCPA), sales to countries or persons subject to economic sanctions and other matters affecting our international operations. Violations of these laws are punishable by criminal and/or civil sanctions, including, in some instances, fines, imprisonment and, within the U.S., exclusion from participation in government healthcare programs, including Medicare, Medicaid and Veterans Administration health programs. These laws are administered by, among others, the DOJ, the Office of Inspector General of the Department of Health and Human Services, the SEC, the OFAC, the Bureau of Industry and Security of the U.S. Department of Commerce and state attorneys general. 
 If we fail to comply with data privacy and security laws and regulations, we could face substantial penalties and our business, operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 We process personal and personal health data in our business, particularly through our ZBEdge TM ecosystem, our suite of integrated digital and robotic technologies, incorporating data-powered insights across the continuum of care. In addition, some of our products and services incorporate software or information technology that processes health data regarding patients and patient therapy for treatment, health care, maintenance and other purposes. Further, we obtain and process personal data related to our employees, individual business partners (such as physicians and consultants), and website visitors located around the world. These data and information-focused activities carry additional risk. 
 23 

We are subject to supranational, national, state and international data privacy and security laws and regulations that govern the collection, use, disclosure, transfer, storage, location, disposal and protection of health-related and other personal information. In addition to U.S. federal laws and regulations, a number of U.S. states have also enacted data privacy and security laws and regulations that govern the collection, use, disclosure, transfer, storage, disposal, and protection of personal information, such as social security numbers, medical and financial information, biometric data and other personal information. The FDA has issued guidance to which we may be subject concerning data security for medical devices. These laws and regulations may be more restrictive and not preempted by U.S. federal laws. The legislative and regulatory framework for privacy and data protection issues worldwide is rapidly evolving as countries continue to adopt privacy and data security laws that may apply to us, both because our operations are located in those countries and/or because we provide services to customers in those countries. In addition, certain of our affiliates and associates are subject to privacy, security and breach notification regulations established under these and other international, national, state and foreign laws. We, and certain of our affiliates and associates, are also subject to reporting requirements relating to certain data and other breaches. 
 The interpretation and enforcement of the laws and regulations described above are uncertain and subject to change, and may require substantial costs to monitor and implement compliance with any additional requirements. In addition, new and more stringent multinational, national and state privacy legislation and regulations may be adopted in 2023 and beyond. We cannot predict all the jurisdictions in which new legislation, regulation or enforcement might arise, the scope of such legislation, regulation and enforcement, or the potential impact to our business and operations of any such changes. Failure to comply with U.S. and international data protection laws and regulations, and the disclosure of any data or related breach, could result in government enforcement actions (which could include substantial civil and/or criminal penalties and injunctive relief), private litigation and/or adverse publicity and could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Pending and future product liability claims and litigation could adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations and impair our reputation. 
 Our business exposes us to potential product liability risks that are inherent in the design, manufacture and marketing of medical devices. In the ordinary course of business, we are the subject of product liability lawsuits alleging that component failures, manufacturing flaws, design defects or inadequate disclosure of product-related risks or product-related information resulted in an unsafe condition or injury to patients. As discussed further in Note 21 to our consolidated financial statements, we are defending product liability lawsuits relating to the Durom Acetabular Component Durom Cup ), certain products within the M/L Taper and M/L Taper with Kinectiv Technology hip stems and Versys Femoral Head implants, and the M2a-Magnum TM hip system. We are also currently defending a number of other product liability lawsuits and claims related to various other products. Any product liability claim brought against us, with or without merit, can be costly to defend. Product liability lawsuits and claims, safety alerts or product recalls, regardless of their ultimate outcome, could have a material adverse effect on our business and reputation and on our ability to attract and retain customers. 
 We are substantially dependent on patent and other proprietary rights, and failing to protect such rights or to be successful in litigation related to our rights or the rights of others may result in our payment of significant monetary damages and/or royalty payments, negatively impact our ability to sell current or future products, or prohibit us from enforcing our patent and other proprietary rights against others. 
 Claims of intellectual property infringement and litigation regarding patent and other intellectual property rights are commonplace in our industry and are frequently time consuming and costly. At any given time, we may be involved as either plaintiff or defendant in a number of patent infringement actions, the outcomes of which may not be known for prolonged periods of time. While it is not possible to predict the outcome of patent and other intellectual property litigation, such litigation has in the past resulted in, and could in the future result in, our payment of significant monetary damages and/or royalty payments, negatively impact our ability to sell current or future products, or prohibit us from enforcing our patent and proprietary rights against others, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 Our success depends in part on our proprietary technology, processes, methodologies and information. We rely on a combination of patent, copyright, trademark, trade secret and other intellectual property laws and nondisclosure, license, assignment and confidentiality arrangements to establish, maintain and protect our proprietary rights, as well as the intellectual property rights of third parties whose assets we license. However, the steps we have taken to protect our intellectual property rights, and the rights of those from whom we license intellectual property, may not be adequate to prevent unauthorized use, misappropriation or theft of our intellectual property. Further, our currently pending or future patent applications may not result in patents being issued to us, patents issued to or licensed by us in the past or in the future may be challenged or circumvented by competitors, and such patents may 
 24 

be found invalid, unenforceable or insufficiently broad to protect our technology or to provide us with any competitive advantage. Third parties could obtain patents that may require us to negotiate licenses to conduct our business, and the required licenses may not be available on reasonable terms or at all. We also cannot be certain that others will not independently develop substantially equivalent proprietary information. 
 In addition, intellectual property laws differ in various jurisdictions in which we operate and are subject to change at any time, which could further restrict our ability to protect our intellectual property and proprietary rights. In particular, a portion of our revenues is derived from jurisdictions where adequately protecting intellectual property rights may prove more challenging or impossible. We may also not be able to detect unauthorized uses or take timely and effective steps to remedy unauthorized conduct. To prevent or respond to unauthorized uses of our intellectual property, we might be required to engage in costly and time-consuming litigation or other proceedings and we may not ultimately prevail. Any failure to establish, maintain or protect our intellectual property or proprietary rights could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 
 We are involved in legal proceedings that may result in adverse outcomes. 
 In addition to intellectual property and product liability claims and lawsuits, we are involved in various commercial and securities litigation and claims and other legal proceedings that arise from time to time in the ordinary course of our business. Although we believe there are substantial defenses in these matters, litigation and other claims are subject to inherent uncertainties and management s view of these matters may change in the future. Given the uncertain nature of legal proceedings generally, we are not able in all cases to estimate the amount or range of loss that could result from an unfavorable outcome. We could in the future incur judgments or enter into settlements of claims that could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations in any particular period. 
 Risks Related to Our Organizational Documents and Jurisdiction of Incorporation 
 Anti-takeover provisions in our organizational documents could delay or prevent a change of control. 
 Certain provisions of our Restated Certificate of Incorporation, our Restated By-Laws and the Delaware General Corporation Law may have an anti-takeover effect and may delay, defer or prevent a merger, acquisition, tender offer, takeover attempt or other change of control transaction that a stockholder might consider in its best interest, including those attempts that might result in a premium over the market price for the shares held by our stockholders. 
 These provisions provide for, among other things: 
 the ability of our board of directors to issue one or more series of preferred stock without further stockholder action; 

advance notice for nominations of directors by stockholders and for stockholders to include matters to be considered at our annual meetings; 

certain limitations on convening special stockholder meetings; and 

the prohibition on engaging in a business combination with an interested stockholder for three years after the time at which a person became an interested stockholder unless certain conditions are met, as set forth in Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law. 

These anti-takeover provisions could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us, even if the third party s offer may be considered beneficial by many of our stockholders. As a result, our stockholders may be limited in their ability to obtain a premium for their shares. 
 Our Restated By-Laws designate certain Delaware courts as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees. 
 Our Restated By-Laws provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, a state court located within the State of Delaware (or, if no state court located in the State of Delaware has jurisdiction, the federal district court for the District of Delaware) will be the sole and exclusive forum for any stockholder (including any beneficial owner) to bring (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers or other employees to us or our stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim against us or any of our directors, officers or other employees arising pursuant to any provision of the Delaware General Corporation Law or our Restated Certificate of Incorporation or our Restated By-Laws, as either may be amended from time to time, or (iv) any action asserting a 
 25 

claim against us or any of our directors, officers or other employees governed by the internal affairs doctrine. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of our common stock is deemed to have received notice of and consented to the foregoing provisions. This choice of forum provision may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees, which may discourage such lawsuits against us and our directors, officers and employees. Alternatively, if a court were to find this choice of forum provision inapplicable to, or unenforceable in respect of, one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Item 1B. Unresolve d Staff Comments 
 Not Applicable. 
 Item 2. Pr operties 
 We own or lease approximately 280 different facilities around the world, of which approximately half are in the U.S. Our corporate headquarters is in Warsaw, Indiana. Warsaw, Indiana is also home to our most significant manufacturing, research and development R D ), and other business activities for our Knees, Hips and S.E.T. product divisions. Internationally, our EMEA regional headquarters is in Switzerland and our Asia Pacific regional headquarters is in Singapore. 
 We have approximately 25 manufacturing locations in the U.S. and internationally. Our most significant locations outside of the U.S. are in Switzerland, Ireland, the U.K., China, and Puerto Rico. We primarily own our manufacturing facilities in the U.S.; internationally, we occupy both owned and leased manufacturing facilities. 
 We maintain sales and administrative offices and warehouse and distribution facilities in more than 45 countries around the world. These local market facilities are primarily leased due to common businesses practices and to allow us to be more adaptable to changing needs in the market. 
 We distribute our products both through large, centralized warehouses and through smaller, market specific facilities, depending on the needs of the market. We maintain large, centralized warehouses in the U.S. and the Netherlands to be able to efficiently distribute our products to customers in the U.S. and EMEA. 
 We believe that all of the facilities and equipment are in good condition, well maintained and able to operate at present levels. We believe the current facilities, including manufacturing, warehousing, R D and office space, provide sufficient capacity to meet ongoing demands. 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 Information pertaining to certain legal proceedings in which we are involved can be found in Note 21 to our consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this report and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Item 4. Mine Saf ety Disclosures 
 Not Applicable. 
 26 

PART II 
 Item 5. Market for the Registrant s Common Equity, Related S tockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Market for the Registrant s Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters 
 Our common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange and the SIX Swiss Exchange under the symbol ZBH. As of February 7, 2023, there were approximately 14,540 holders of record of our common stock. A substantially greater number of holders of our common stock are street name or beneficial holders, whose shares of record are held by banks, brokers and other financial institutions. 
 We expect to continue paying cash dividends on a quarterly basis; however, future dividends are subject to approval of the Board of Directors and may be adjusted as business needs or market conditions change. 
 The information required by this Item concerning equity compensation plans is incorporated herein by reference to Item 12 of this report. 
 The graph below shows the cumulative total stockholder return on our common stock compared to the S P 500 Stock Index, the S P 500 Health Care Equipment Index and the common stock of a selected group of peer issuers (the Peer Group ). The chart assumes 100 was invested on December 31, 2017 in Zimmer Biomet common stock and each index and that dividends were reinvested. Returns over the indicated period should not be considered indicative of future returns. 
 The Peer Group is a group of publicly traded companies, including other large healthcare equipment and services companies, life sciences services companies and companies with whom we compete for business and for executive talent, which companies we use as a market reference point for performance comparisons, executive compensation levels, equity usage and incentive plan design and industry trend analysis. The Peer Group is selected by our Compensation and Management Development Committee from time to time, most recently in May 2022, and currently consists of the following issuers: Agilent Technologies, Inc.; Align Technology, Inc.; Baxter International Inc.; Becton Dickinson and Company; Boston Scientific Corporation; DexCom, Inc.; Edwards Lifesciences Corporation; Hologic, Inc.; Intuitive Surgical, Inc.; Laboratory Corporation of America Holdings; Quest Diagnostics Incorporated; Stryker Corporation; Teleflex Incorporated; and The Cooper Companies, Inc. We have selected the Peer Group to replace the S P 500 Health Care Equipment Index because we believe it better reflects our relative market performance and to provide consistency in evaluating our relative executive compensation practices. 

27 

Company/Index 
 
 2017 

2018 

2019 

2020 

2021 

2022 

Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. 

100.00 

86.69 

126.03 

130.77 

108.51 

113.18 

S P 500 Stock Index 

100.00 

95.62 

125.72 

148.85 

191.58 

156.88 

S P 500 Health Care Equipment Index 

100.00 

116.24 

150.32 

176.83 

211.05 

171.25 

Peer Group 

100.00 

112.39 

147.56 

171.63 

208.11 

165.99 

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 The following table summarizes repurchases of common stock settled during the three months ended December 31, 2022: 

Period 
 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased 

Average Price Paid per Share 

Total Number of Shares Purchased as a Part of Publicly Announced Program (1) 

Maximum Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that may yet be Purchased Under the Program (1) 

October 2022 

- 

- 

- 

1,000,000,000 

November 2022 

- 

- 

- 

1,000,000,000 

December 2022 

1,185,064 

126.58 

1,185,064 

850,000,131 

Total 

1,185,064 

126.58 

1,185,064 

850,000,131 

(1) In February 2016, our Board of Directors authorized a 1.0 billion share repurchase program effective March 1, 2016, with no expiration date. 
 
 28 

Item 6. [Reserved] 

Item 7.	Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 On March 1, 2022, we completed the spinoff of our spine and dental businesses into ZimVie. The historical results of our spine and dental businesses have been reflected as discontinued operations in our consolidated financial statements in our 2022 results through the date of the spinoff and in the prior year periods. In addition, as of December 31, 2021, the assets and liabilities associated with these businesses are classified as assets and liabilities of discontinued operations in our consolidated balance sheet. See Note 3 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information. The following discussion and analysis is presented on a continuing operations basis unless otherwise noted. Certain percentages presented in this discussion and analysis are calculated from the underlying whole-dollar amounts and therefore may not recalculate from the rounded numbers used for disclosure purposes. 
 The following discussion, analysis and comparisons generally focus on the operating results for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Discussion, analysis and comparisons of the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 that are not included in this Form 10-K can be found in (i) Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Part II, Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 (the 2021 Form 10-K prior to the spinoff of ZimVie; and (ii) Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Part II, Item 7 of Exhibit 99.1 filed with our Form 8-K on June 22, 2022, which Form 8-K was filed to recast certain items of the 2021 Form 10-K, including Part II, Item 7, to reflect the historical results of our spine and dental businesses as discontinued operations following the ZimVie spinoff. 
 
 EXECUTIVE LEVEL OVERVIEW 
 Impact of the COVID-19 Global Pandemic 
 Our results continue to be impacted by the COVID-19 global pandemic. The vast majority of our net sales are derived from products used in elective surgical procedures that have typically declined during surges of the virus as governments and healthcare systems take actions in an effort to prevent the spread and provide sufficient hospital beds and other resources for COVID-19 patients. Additionally, we believe that staffing shortages at hospitals have contributed to the deferral of elective surgical procedures. In the year ended December 31, 2022, the Omicron variant resulted in fewer elective surgical procedures earlier in the year with recovery in procedures as the surge began to subside later in the first quarter and through the second quarter. In the second half of 2022, procedural volumes continued to improve across most markets relative to the first half of the year. However, in the fourth quarter we did experience more acute deferrals of elective surgical procedures in some markets, such as China, due to surges of the virus. 
 2022 Financial Highlights 
 In 2022, our net sales increased by 1.6 percent compared to 2021. Our net sales in 2022 were tempered by a negative 5.0 percent effect from changes in foreign currency exchange rates. We continued to see the return of elective surgical procedures across most markets when compared to the prior year, which was negatively affected by a surge of the COVID-19 virus in early 2021 before vaccines were widely available and later in the year by the Delta variant. 
 Our net earnings, including discontinued operations, were 231.4 million in 2022 compared to 401.6 million in 2021. In 2022, we recognized a goodwill impairment charge of 289.8 million, which was the primary driver for lower net earnings in 2022 when compared to 2021. Other significant unfavorable items in 2022 when compared to 2021 include an unrealized investment loss of 116.6 million due to a decline in the value of our investment in ZimVie, higher restructuring-related costs as we continued to execute on our 2019 and 2021 Restructuring Plans, and higher spending on travel and other activities which started to return to pre-pandemic levels. These unfavorable factors to net earnings were partially offset by higher net sales, hedge gains recognized from our hedging program, the favorable effects of our restructuring programs, lower litigation-related expenses, and the fact the 2021 period included a 165.1 million charge for the early extinguishment of debt and 65.0 million of charges related to certain agreements we entered into to gain access to or acquire third-party in-process research and development IPR D projects. 
 29 

2023 Outlook 
 We expect revenue growth in 2023 to be driven by a combination of market growth, procedure volume recovery from COVID-19 and new product introductions. We believe there will continue to be some deferrals of elective surgical procedures caused by COVID-19 surges and staffing shortages, but to a lesser extent in 2023 than in 2022. In addition, based on foreign currency exchange rates at the end of 2022 we expect foreign currency to negatively affect net sales growth in 2023, but at a lower level than experienced in 2022. We expect that supply chain and inflation pressures will continue into 2023, but with supply chain pressure easing in the second half of the year and with inflation stable to the level experienced at the end of 2022. We estimate our operating expenses in 2023 will be impacted by the expected non-reoccurrence of goodwill impairment charges, lower quality remediation expenses due to the completion of our remediation milestones, and lower restructuring-related expenses related to our 2019 and 2021 Restructuring Plans. We expect our interest expense, net, will increase primarily due to higher interest rates. We also expect our non-operating other (expense) income, net, will decline in 2023 since the 2022 expense was primarily driven by an investment loss in the shares of ZimVie that we held following the spinoff, which shares we disposed of in February 2023. 
 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 We review sales by two geographies, the United States and International, and by the following product categories: Knees; Hips; S.E.T. (Sports Medicine, Extremities, Trauma, Craniomaxillofacial and Thoracic); and Other. This sales analysis differs from our reportable operating segments, which are based upon our senior management organizational structure and how we allocate resources toward achieving operating profit goals. We review sales by these geographies because the underlying market trends in any particular geography tend to be similar across product categories, because we primarily sell the same products in all geographies and many of our competitors publicly report in this manner. Our business is seasonal in nature to some extent, as many of our products are used in elective surgical procedures, which typically decline during the summer months and can increase at the end of the year once annual deductibles have been met on health insurance plans. Additionally, with sales to customers where title to product passes upon shipment, these customers may purchase items in large quantities if incentives are offered or if there are new product offerings in a market, which could cause period-to-period differences in sales. Due to the COVID-19 global pandemic, the typical seasonal patterns did not occur in 2020 or 2021, but started to return in 2022. 
 Net Sales by Geography 
 The following table presents net sales by geography and the percentage changes (dollars in millions): 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

2022 vs. 2021 Inc/(Dec) 

2021 vs. 2020 Inc 

United States 

4,012.4 

3,853.9 

3,507.7 

4.1 

9.9 

International 

2,927.5 

2,973.4 

2,619.8 

(1.5) 

13.5 

Total 

6,939.9 

6,827.3 

6,127.5 

1.6 

11.4 

Net Sales by Product Category 
 The following table presents net sales by product category and the percentage changes (dollars in millions): 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

2022 vs. 2021 Inc/(Dec) 

2021 vs. 2020 Inc 

Knees 

2,778.3 

2,647.9 

2,378.3 

4.9 

11.3 

Hips 

1,894.9 

1,856.1 

1,750.5 

2.1 

6.0 

S.E.T. 

1,696.7 

1,727.8 

1,525.6 

(1.8) 

13.3 

Other 

570.0 

595.5 

473.1 

(4.3) 

25.9 

Total 

6,939.9 

6,827.3 

6,127.5 

1.6 

11.4 

30 

The following table presents net sales by product category by geography for our Knees and Hips product categories, which represent our most significant product categories (dollars in millions): 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

2022 vs. 2021 Inc/(Dec) 

2021 vs. 2020 Inc 

Knees 

United States 

1,615.0 

1,487.6 

1,382.5 

8.6 

7.6 

International 

1,163.3 

1,160.3 

995.8 

0.3 

16.5 

Total 

2,778.3 

2,647.9 

2,378.3 

4.9 

11.3 

Hips 

United States 

960.9 

921.5 

881.1 

4.3 

4.6 

International 

934.0 

934.6 

869.4 

(0.1) 

7.5 

Total 

1,894.9 

1,856.1 

1,750.5 

2.1 

6.0 

Demand (Volume/Mix) Trends 
 Changes in volume and mix of product sales had a positive effect of 7.6 percent and 12.3 percent on year-over-year sales during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Volume trends were positive in 2022 as we saw recovery of elective surgical procedures, most notably in international markets, driving volume growth in tandem with new product introductions. In 2022, sales were negatively impacted by limitations due to global supply chain challenges. 
 Based upon country dynamics, volume changes varied by region in 2022. The volume increases in 2022 were largely a product of how much the COVID-19 pandemic negatively affected the various regions in 2021. In EMEA and Asia Pacific, deferral of elective surgical procedures were more prevalent than in the Americas in 2021. Additionally, in Asia Pacific in 2021, China sales were negatively impacted from a combination of variables related to the implementation of a nationwide volume-based procurement VBP process. The China VBP had a negative effect on volume due to inventory reductions by distributors and short-term deferral of procedures as patients waited to have a surgical procedure performed until after VBP pricing was effective in 2022. 
 Pricing Trends 
 Global selling prices had negative effects of 1.0 percent and 2.1 percent on year-over-year sales during 2022 and 2021, respectively. In the majority of countries in which we operate, we continue to experience pricing pressure from governmental healthcare cost containment efforts and from local hospitals and health systems. However, we have had some success in reducing the negative effects of pricing in 2022 due to internal initiatives and being able to pass some inflationary impacts on to customers. 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Rates 
 In 2022 and 2021, changes in foreign currency exchange rates had a negative effect of 5.0 percent and a positive effect of 1.2 percent, respectively, on year-over-year sales. 
 Geography 
 The 4.1 percent and 9.9 percent net sales growth in the U.S. in 2022 and 2021, respectively, when compared to the prior year in each case was primarily driven by recovery in surgical procedures as COVID-19 cases subsided, especially in the Knees and Hips categories. Internationally, net sales declined by 1.5 percent in 2022 when compared to 2021 and increased 13.5 percent in 2021 when compared to 2020. The decline in 2022 was driven by the negative impacts on International sales of 11.2 percent due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Absent the effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates, most of our markets internationally experienced demand (volume and mix) growth from recovery in surgical procedures. In 2021, our International markets experienced net sales growth from recovery in elective surgical procedures. 
 Product Categories 
 In 2022, our Knees and Hips net sales increased by 4.9 percent and 2.1 percent, respectively, when compared to 2021 due to the recovery in elective surgical procedures and new product introductions. The increase was despite the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates having a negative effect of 5.0 percent and 5.9 percent on 
 31 

Knees and Hips net sales, respectively. S.E.T. net sales decreased by 1.8 percent in 2022 when compared to 2021 due to the negative effects of changes in foreign currency exchange rates, lower trauma product net sales partially due to VBP implementation and unfavorable changes in reimbursement for certain restorative therapy products. Other product category net sales decreased by 4.3 percent in 2022 when compared to 2021 due to the negative effects of changes in foreign currency exchange rates and lower unit sales of our ROSA robots as some customers shifted to operating lease arrangements for our robots instead of purchasing them. In 2021, all our product categories experienced net sales growth when compared to 2020 due to the recovery of elective surgical procedures. 
 Expenses as a Percent of Net Sales 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 
 2021 
 
 2020 
 
 2022 vs. 2021 Inc/(Dec) 
 
 2021 vs. 2020 Inc/(Dec) 

Cost of products sold, excluding intangible asset amortization 
 
 29.1 
 
 28.7 
 
 29.8 
 
 0.4 
 
 (1.1) 

Intangible asset amortization 
 
 7.6 
 
 7.8 
 
 8.4 
 
 (0.2) 
 
 (0.6) 

Research and development 
 
 5.9 
 
 6.4 
 
 5.3 
 
 (0.5) 
 
 1.1 

Selling, general and administrative 
 
 39.8 
 
 41.6 
 
 44.3 
 
 (1.8) 
 
 (2.7) 

Goodwill and intangible asset impairment 
 
 4.2 
 
 0.2 
 
 8.2 
 
 4.0 
 
 (8.0) 

Restructuring and other cost reduction initiatives 
 
 2.8 
 
 1.8 
 
 1.7 
 
 1.0 
 
 0.1 

Quality remediation 
 
 0.5 
 
 0.8 
 
 0.8 
 
 (0.3) 
 
 - 

Acquisition, integration, divestiture and related 
 
 0.2 
 
 - 
 
 0.2 
 
 0.2 
 
 (0.2) 

Operating Profit 
 
 10.0 
 
 12.6 
 
 1.4 
 
 (2.6) 
 
 11.2 

Cost of Products Sold and Intangible Asset Amortization 
 We calculate gross profit as net sales minus cost of products sold and intangible asset amortization. Our gross margin percentage is gross profit divided by net sales. The following table sets forth the factors that contributed to the gross margin changes in each of 2022 and 2021 compared to the prior year: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Prior year gross margin 

63.5 

61.9 

Lower average selling prices 

(0.3) 

(0.6) 

Manufacturing costs 

(0.9) 

0.5 

Impact of volume, product mix and other 

0.6 

(0.5) 

Inventory charges 

(0.1) 

2.1 

Impact from changes in foreign currency exchange rates 

0.3 

(0.5) 

Intangible asset amortization 

0.2 

0.6 

Current year gross margin 

63.3 

63.5 

The decline in gross margin percentage in 2022 compared to 2021 was primarily due to inflationary cost pressures, lower average selling prices and inventory charges related to products we plan to discontinue. These unfavorable items were partially offset by hedge gains recognized in 2022 as part of our hedging program compared to hedge losses in 2021, operating leverage from volume increases, a mix shift to higher margin product sales, as well as the fact that the 2021 period experienced lower than normal production at certain facilities which resulted in fixed overhead costs being expensed immediately. 
 
 Intangible asset amortization expense was similar in both amount and as a percentage of net sales in 2022 when compared to 2021. 
 
 Operating Expenses 
 
 32 

Research development R D expenses decreased in both amount and as a percentage of net sales in 2022 compared to 2021, primarily due to the fact that in 2021 we entered into certain agreements to gain access to or acquire third-party IPR D projects that resulted in charges of 65.0 million. We did not enter into any significant, similar agreements in 2022. That favorability was partially offset by higher personnel-related costs and higher spending on our initial compliance with the EU MDR in 2022. 
 Selling, general administrative SG A expenses decreased in both amount and as a percentage of net sales in 2022 compared to 2021 primarily due to litigation-related expenses declining by 135.1 million and savings from our restructuring plans. These favorable items were partially offset by higher bad debt charges partially related to the Russia/Ukraine conflict and higher expenses for travel and other activities as we started to return to pre-pandemic levels in 2022. 
 As a result of the invasion of Ukraine by Russia, economic sanctions and export controls were imposed by much of the world on Russian financial institutions and businesses. Our operations in Russia consist primarily of local commercial activities, including sales and customer support. We do not have direct operations in Ukraine. Our net sales in Russia and Ukraine in 2022 were less than 1 percent of our consolidated net sales. Therefore, the ongoing conflict and economic sanctions are not expected to have a significant effect on our results of operations or financial position. The bad debt charges for expected credit losses in Russia resulted in a significant portion of our accounts receivable from customers in this country being impaired. In addition to accounts receivable, we also have inventory and instruments that could require impairment if our business in Russia deteriorates more than our current expectations; however, any such amounts are not expected to be material. See Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors for additional risks related to this conflict. 
 In 2022, we recognized a goodwill impairment charge of 289.8 million related to our EMEA reporting unit. In 2022 and 2021, we recognized intangible asset impairment charges of 3.0 million and 16.3 million, respectively, related to IPR D projects that we discontinued. For more information regarding these charges, see Note 11 to our consolidated financial statements. 
 In December of 2021 and 2019, we initiated restructuring programs. The 2021 Restructuring Plan is intended to further reduce costs and to reorganize our global operations in preparation for the spinoff of ZimVie. The 2019 Restructuring Plan has an objective of reducing costs to allow us to invest in higher priority growth opportunities. We also have other cost reduction and optimization initiatives that have the goal of reducing costs across the organization. We recognized expenses of 191.6 million and 125.7 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively, primarily related to employee termination benefits, sales agent contract terminations, and consulting and project management expenses associated with these programs. The expenses were higher in 2022 primarily due to additional expenses related to the 2021 Restructuring Plan that had just been initiated at the end of 2021. For more information regarding these expenses, see Note 5 to our consolidated financial statements. 
 We incurred quality remediation expenses of 33.8 million and 52.8 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively. We incurred these quality remediation expenses to complete our remediation milestones that address inspectional observations on Form 483 and a warning letter issued by the FDA at our Warsaw North Campus facility, among other matters. The decline in expenses in 2022 when compared to 2021 was due to the natural regression as various remediation milestones were completed. We do not expect to incur any significant quality remediation expenses related to these inspectional observations in 2023. 
 Acquisition, integration, divestiture and related expenses related to acquisitions made in 2022 and 2020 as well as costs related to our separation with ZimVie. 
 Other (Expense) Income, net, Interest Expense, net, Loss on Early Extinguishment of Debt and Income Taxes 
 In 2022, we incurred a loss of 128.0 million in our other (expense) income, net compared to a gain of 12.2 million in 2021. The expense in 2022 was primarily due to a 116.6 million loss on our investment in ZimVie. 
 Interest expense, net, decreased in 2022 when compared to 2021 primarily from using debt that we issued in the fourth quarter of 2021, along with cash on hand, to repurchase portions of outstanding notes with higher interest rates. Additionally, interest expense, net was lower due to additional debt paydown. 
 In 2021, we recognized a 165.1 million loss on the early extinguishment of debt. See Note 13 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information on this loss. 
 33 

Our effective tax rate ETR on earnings from continuing operations before income taxes was 27.9 percent and 10.7 percent for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. In 2022, the ETR was primarily driven by the 289.8 million goodwill impairment charge and the 116.6 million loss on our investment in ZimVie, which have no corresponding tax benefits, partially offset by favorable tax audit settlements and finalization of Switzerland's Federal Act on Tax Reform and AHV Financing TRAF step-up. In 2021, the ETR was primarily driven by the foreign rate differential as our foreign locations have lower tax rates and favorable return-to-provision changes in estimate offset by unfavorable tax rate changes. 
 Absent discrete tax events, we expect our future ETR will be lower than the U.S. corporate income tax rate of 21.0 percent due to our mix of earnings between U.S. and foreign locations, which have lower corporate income tax rates. Our ETR in future periods could also potentially be impacted by: changes in our mix of pre-tax earnings; changes in tax rates, tax laws or their interpretation, including the European Union adoption of Pillar 2 proposals; the outcome of various federal, state and foreign audits; and the expiration of certain statutes of limitations. Currently, we cannot reasonably estimate the impact of these items on our financial results. 
 See Note 17 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information on our income taxes. 
 Segment Operating Profit 

Operating Profit as a 

Net Sales 

Operating Profit 

Percentage of Net Sales 

Year Ended December 31, 

Year Ended December 31, 

Year Ended December 31, 

(dollars in millions) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

2022 

2021 

2020 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Americas 

4,295.5 

4,102.1 

3,699.5 

1,811.9 

1,709.3 

1,528.2 

42.2 

41.7 

41.3 

EMEA 

1,456.6 

1,477.2 

1,237.3 

380.8 

380.3 

303.0 

26.1 

25.7 

24.5 

Asia Pacific 

1,187.8 

1,248.0 

1,190.7 

407.0 

401.3 

395.4 

34.3 

32.2 

33.2 

Americas 
 In the Americas, operating profit and operating profit as a percentage of net sales increased in 2022 when compared to 2021 due to higher net sales driven by continued recovery of elective surgical procedures, lower excess and obsolete inventory charges and savings from our restructuring programs. These favorable items were partially offset by higher R D costs. 
 EMEA 
 In EMEA, operating profit and operating profit as a percentage of net sales increased in 2022 when compared to 2021. Our net sales declined in EMEA due to the negative effects of changes in foreign currency exchange rates. However, our operating profit increased slightly due to our hedging program as we recognized hedge gains, which minimized the negative effects from net sales, and we realized savings from our restructuring programs. These favorable items were partially offset by higher bad debt, travel and medical training and education expenses. 
 Asia Pacific 
 In Asia Pacific, operating profit and operating profit as a percentage of net sales increased in 2022 when compared to 2021. Our net sales declined in Asia Pacific due to the negative effects of changes in foreign currency exchange rates and by the China government implementing a nationwide volume-based procurement process that became effective in 2022. However, our operating profit increased slightly due to our hedging program as we recognized hedge gains, which minimized these negative effects from net sales, and we realized savings from our restructuring programs. 
 
 LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 375.7 million in cash and cash equivalents. In addition, we had 1.0 billion available to borrow under a 364-day revolving credit agreement that matures on August 18, 2023, and 1.1 billion available under a five-year revolving facility that matures on August 19, 2027. The terms of the 364-day revolving credit agreement and the five-year revolving facility are described further in Note 13 to our consolidated financial statements. 
 We believe that cash flows from operations, our cash and cash equivalents on hand, and available borrowings under our revolving credit facilities will be sufficient to meet our ongoing liquidity requirements for at least the next 
 34 

twelve months. However, due to the continued uncertainties related to the COVID-19 pandemic, it is possible our needs may change. Further, there can be no assurance that, if needed, we will be able to secure additional financing on terms favorable to us, if at all. 
 Sources of Liquidity 
 Cash flows provided by operating activities from continuing operations were 1,356.2 million in 2022 compared to 1,404.3 million in 2021. The decrease in cash flows from operating activities in 2022 when compared to 2021 was primarily the result of higher tax payments and increased payments under our restructuring programs. These unfavorable items were partially offset by lower interest payments and lower investments in inventory, as well as the fact that the 2021 period included payments related to certain IPR D agreements. 
 Cash flows used in investing activities from continuing operations were 522.0 million in 2022 compared to 443.3 million in 2021. Instrument and property, plant and equipment additions reflected ongoing investments in our product portfolio, optimization of our manufacturing and logistics network and investments in enterprise resource planning software. The 2022 period also reflects investments for an acquisition as well as other investments for acquiring intellectual property related to products that have been commercialized. These cash outflows were partially offset by favorable settlements of our net investment hedges as they matured. 
 Cash flows used in financing activities from continuing operations were 775.7 million in 2022 compared to 1,306.0 million in 2021. At the ZimVie spinoff date, we received 540.6 million as partial consideration for the contribution of assets in connection with the separation. We used these proceeds, together with borrowings on our five-year revolving facility and cash on hand to redeem the full 750.0 million senior notes that were due April 1, 2022. We also repaid 242.9 million outstanding on our Japanese term loans and 525.8 million outstanding on our 1.414 Euro senior notes at their maturity date of December 13, 2022. In order to help fund the payment on these Euro senior notes, we borrowed 375.0 million under our five-year revolving facility and 83.0 million under a short-term term loan in connection with our plans to dispose of our ZimVie shares. In addition, in 2022 we expended 126.4 million to repurchase shares of our common stock. 
 In 2021, we issued senior notes and received 1,599.8 million in proceeds, which, along with cash on hand, were used to extinguish 1,993.2 million aggregate outstanding principal amount of our senior notes pursuant to cash tender offers for certain outstanding series of our senior notes, at a total reacquisition price of 2,154.8 million. Additionally, we used cash on hand to redeem 500.0 million of other senior notes that matured in 2021. We also had deferred business combination payments of 145.0 million that were paid in 2021 under the terms of the purchase agreements. 
 We place our cash and cash equivalents in highly-rated financial institutions and limit the amount of credit exposure to any one entity. We invest only in high-quality financial instruments in accordance with our internal investment policy. 
 As of December 31, 2022, 328.2 million of our cash and cash equivalents were held in jurisdictions outside of the U.S. Of this amount, 43.2 million is denominated in U.S. Dollars and, therefore, bears no foreign currency translation risk. The balance of these assets is denominated in currencies of the various countries where we operate. We generally intend to limit distributions from foreign subsidiaries to earnings previously taxed in the U.S., primarily as a result of the transition tax or tax on Global Intangible Low-Taxed Income GILTI ), as we would not be subject to further U.S. federal tax. In addition to the previously taxed earnings, we have intercompany notes available to repatriate. 
 Material Cash Requirements from Known Contractual and Other Obligations 
 At December 31, 2022, we had outstanding debt of 5,696.5 million, of which 544.3 million was classified as current debt. Of our current debt, we settled the full amount of our 83.0 million of our short-term term loan in February 2023 using 33.9 million in cash and the transfer of all the ZimVie shares that we owned, 86.3 million of senior notes mature on March 19, 2023 and the remaining 375.0 million is outstanding under our five-year revolving facility which we expect to repay during 2023. We believe we can satisfy these debt obligations with cash generated from our operations. 
 For additional information on our debt, including types of debt, maturity dates, interest rates, debt covenants and available revolving credit facilities, see Note 13 to our consolidated financial statements. 
 35 

In February, May, August and December 2022, our Board of Directors declared cash dividends of 0.24 per share. We expect to continue paying cash dividends on a quarterly basis; however, future dividends are subject to approval of the Board of Directors and may be adjusted as business needs or market conditions change. 
 In February 2016, our Board of Directors authorized a 1.0 billion share repurchase program effective March 1, 2016, with no expiration date. We had not repurchased any shares under this program until the fourth quarter of 2022, when we entered into transactions to repurchase 150.0 million in shares of our common stock. Our third-party broker executed the full 150.0 million of repurchases as of December 31, 2022 for which paid them 126.4 million by December 31, 2022, with the remaining balance we owed settled at the beginning of January 2023. As of December 31, 2022, 850.0 million remained authorized under this program. 
 As discussed in Note 5 to our consolidated financial statements, we have a 2021 Restructuring Plan and a 2019 Restructuring Plan. The 2021 Restructuring Plan is expected to result in total pre-tax restructuring charges of approximately 220 million, of which approximately 130 million was incurred through December 31, 2022. We expect to reduce gross annual pre-tax operating expenses by approximately 190 million relative to the 2021 baseline expenses by the end of 2024 as program benefits under the 2021 Restructuring Plan are realized. The 2019 Restructuring Plan is expected to result in total pre-tax restructuring charges of approximately 350 million to 400 million, of which approximately 280 million was incurred through December 31, 2022. In our original estimates, we expected to reduce gross annual pre-tax operating expenses by approximately 180 million to 280 million relative to the 2019 baseline expenses by the end of 2023 as program benefits under the 2019 Restructuring Plan are realized. Our latest estimates indicate that we will be near the low end of that range. 
 As discussed in Note 17 to our consolidated financial statements, the IRS has issued proposed adjustments for years 2010 through 2012, and for years 2013 through 2015, reallocating profits between certain of U.S. and foreign subsidiaries. We have disputed these proposed adjustments and intend to continue to vigorously defend our positions. Although the ultimate timing for resolution of the disputed tax issues is uncertain, future payments may be significant to our operating cash flows. 
 
 Under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017, we have a 187.8 million liability remaining from a one-time tax on the mandatory deemed repatriation of post-1986 untaxed foreign earnings and profits toll charge for the deemed repatriation of unremitted foreign earnings. This amount was recorded in non-current income tax liabilities on our consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. 
 As discussed in Note 21 to our consolidated financial statements, we are involved in various litigation matters. We estimate the total liabilities for all litigation matters was 349.2 million as of December 31, 2022. We expect to pay these liabilities over the next few years. 
 In the normal course of business, we enter into purchase commitments, primarily related to raw materials. However, we do not believe these purchase commitments are material to the overall standing of our business or our liquidity. 
 We have entered into various agreements that may result in future payments dependent upon various events such as the achievement of certain product R D milestones, sales milestones, or, at our discretion, maintenance of exclusive rights to distribute a product. These estimated payments related to these agreements could range from 0 to 415 million. 
 
 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 
 The preparation of our financial statements is affected by the selection and application of accounting policies and methods, and also requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Critical accounting estimates are those that involve a significant level of estimation uncertainty and have had or are reasonably likely to have a material impact on our financial condition and results of operations. We believe that the accounting estimates and assumptions described below involve significant subjectivity and judgment, and changes to such estimates or assumptions could have a material impact on our financial condition or operating results. 
 36 

Excess Inventory and Instruments - We must determine as of each balance sheet date how much, if any, of our inventory may ultimately prove to be unsaleable or unsaleable at our carrying cost. Similarly, we must also determine if instruments on hand will be put to productive use or remain undeployed as a result of excess supply. Accordingly, inventory and instruments are written down to their net realizable value. To determine the appropriate net realizable value, we evaluate current stock levels in relation to historical and expected patterns of demand for all of our products and instrument systems and components. The basis for the determination is generally the same for all inventory and instrument items and categories except for work in process inventory, which is recorded at cost. Obsolete or discontinued items are generally destroyed and completely written off. Management evaluates the need for changes to the net realizable values of inventory and instruments based on market conditions, competitive offerings and other factors on a regular basis. 
 Income Taxes - Our income tax expense, deferred tax assets and liabilities and reserves for unrecognized tax benefits reflect management s best assessment of estimated future taxes to be paid. We are subject to income taxes in the U.S. and numerous foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgments and estimates are required in determining the consolidated income tax expense. 
 We estimate income tax expense and income tax liabilities and assets by taxable jurisdiction. Realization of deferred tax assets in each taxable jurisdiction is dependent on our ability to generate future taxable income sufficient to realize the benefits. We evaluate deferred tax assets on an ongoing basis and provide valuation allowances unless we determine it is more likely than not that the deferred tax benefit will be realized. 
 The calculation of our tax liabilities involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax laws and regulations in a multitude of jurisdictions across our global operations. We are subject to regulatory review or audit in virtually all of those jurisdictions and those reviews and audits may require extended periods of time to resolve. We record our income tax provisions based on our knowledge of all relevant facts and circumstances, including existing tax laws, our experience with previous settlement agreements, the status of current examinations and our understanding of how the tax authorities view certain relevant industry and commercial matters. 
 We recognize tax liabilities in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB guidance on income taxes and we adjust these liabilities when our judgment changes as a result of the evaluation of new information not previously available. Due to the complexity of some of these uncertainties, the ultimate resolution may result in a payment that is materially different from our current estimate of the tax liabilities. These differences will be reflected as increases or decreases to income tax expense in the period in which they are determined. 
 Commitments and Contingencies - We are involved in various ongoing proceedings, legal actions and claims arising in the normal course of doing business, including litigation related to product, labor and intellectual property. We establish liabilities for loss contingencies when it is probable that a loss has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. Accruals for product liability and other claims are established with the assistance of internal and external legal counsel based on current information and historical settlement information for claims, related legal fees and for claims incurred but not reported. 
 Goodwill and Intangible Assets - We evaluate the carrying value of goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets annually, or whenever events or circumstances indicate that the fair value is below its carrying amount. We evaluate the carrying value of finite life intangible assets whenever events or circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. Significant assumptions are required to estimate the fair value of goodwill and intangible assets, most notably estimated future cash flows generated by these assets and risk-adjusted discount rates. As such, these fair value measurements use significant unobservable inputs. Changes to these assumptions could require us to record impairment charges on these assets. 
 In our annual impairment test in the fourth quarter of 2022, we determined our EMEA reporting unit's carrying value was in excess of its estimated fair value. Fair value was determined using income and market approaches. Fair value under the income approach was determined by discounting to present value the estimated future cash flows of the reporting unit. Fair value under the market approach utilized the guideline public company methodology, which uses valuation indicators determined from other businesses that are similar to our EMEA reporting unit. As a result of its carrying value being in excess of its estimated fair value, we recorded a goodwill impairment charge of 289.8 million. No goodwill balance remains for the EMEA reporting unit. 
 See Note 11 to our consolidated financial statements for further discussion and the factors that contributed to this impairment charge. 
 37 

We have three other reporting units with goodwill assigned to them. For two of these reporting units, their estimated fair values exceeded their carrying values by more than 35 percent. We estimated the fair value of these reporting units using the income and market approaches. We performed a qualitative test on the other reporting unit and concluded it was more likely than not the fair value of this reporting unit exceeded its carrying value. 
 Future impairment in our reporting units could occur if the estimates used in the income and market approaches change. If our estimates of profitability in the reporting unit decline, the fair value estimate under the income approach will decline. Additionally, changes in the broader economic environment could cause changes to our estimated discount rates and comparable company valuation indicators, which may impact our estimated fair values. Further, changes in foreign currency exchange rates could increase the cost of procuring inventory and services from foreign suppliers, which could reduce reporting unit profitability. 
 RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS 
 See Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements for information on how recent accounting pronouncements have affected or may affect our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualita tive Disclosures About Market Risk 
 MARKET RISK 
 We are exposed to certain market risks as part of our ongoing business operations, including risks from changes in foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates and commodity prices that could affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We manage our exposure to these and other market risks through regular operating and financing activities and through the use of derivative financial instruments. We use derivative financial instruments solely as risk management tools and not for speculative investment purposes. 
 FOREIGN CURRENCY EXCHANGE RISK 
 We operate on a global basis and are exposed to the risk that our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected by changes in foreign currency exchange rates. To reduce the potential effects of foreign currency exchange rate movements on net earnings, we enter into derivative financial instruments in the form of foreign currency exchange forward contracts with major financial institutions. See Note 15 to our consolidated financial statements for further details on our foreign currency exchange risk exposure and management. 
 We maintain written policies and procedures governing our risk management activities. Our policy requires that critical terms of hedging instruments be the same as hedged forecasted transactions. On this basis, with respect to cash flow hedges, changes in cash flows attributable to hedged transactions are generally expected to be offset by changes in the fair value of hedge instruments. As part of our risk management program, we also perform sensitivity analyses to assess potential changes in revenue, operating results, cash flows and financial position relating to hypothetical movements in currency exchange rates. A sensitivity analysis of changes in the fair value of foreign currency exchange forward contracts outstanding at December 31, 2022 indicated that, if the U.S. Dollar uniformly strengthened or weakened in value by 10 percent relative to all currencies, with no change in the interest differentials, the fair value of those contracts would affect earnings in a range of a decrease of approximately 93 million to an increase of approximately 88 million before income taxes in periods through June 2025. 
 Any change in the fair value of foreign currency exchange forward contracts as a result of a fluctuation in a currency exchange rate is expected to be largely offset by a change in the value of the hedged transaction. Consequently, foreign currency exchange contracts would not subject us to material risk due to exchange rate movements because gains and losses on these contracts offset gains and losses on the assets, liabilities and transactions being hedged. 
 We had net assets, excluding goodwill and intangible assets, in legal entities with non-U.S. Dollar functional currencies of 1,771.5 million at December 31, 2022. 
 We enter into foreign currency forward exchange contracts with terms of one to three months to manage currency exposures for monetary assets and liabilities denominated in a currency other than an entity s functional currency. As a result, foreign currency remeasurement gains/losses recognized in earnings are generally offset with gains/losses on the foreign currency forward exchange contracts in the same reporting period. 
 38 

For details about these and other financial instruments, including fair value methodologies, see Note 15 to our consolidated financial statements. 
 COMMODITY PRICE RISK 
 We purchase raw material commodities such as cobalt chrome, titanium, tantalum, polymer and sterile packaging. We enter into supply contracts generally with terms of 12 to 24 months, where available, on these commodities to alleviate the effect of market fluctuation in prices. As part of our risk management program, we perform sensitivity analyses related to potential commodity price changes. 
 INTEREST RATE RISK 
 In the normal course of business, we are exposed to market risk from changes in interest rates that could affect our results of operations and financial condition. We manage our exposure to interest rate risks through our regular operations and financing activities. 
 We invest our cash and cash equivalents primarily in highly-rated corporate commercial paper and bank deposits. The primary investment objective is to ensure capital preservation. Currently, we do not use derivative financial instruments in our investment portfolio. 
 The majority of our debt is fixed-rate debt and therefore is not exposed to changes in interest rates. Based upon our overall interest rate exposure as of December 31, 2022, a change of 10 percent in interest rates, assuming the principal amount outstanding remains constant, would not have a material effect on interest expense, net. This analysis does not consider the effect of the change in the level of overall economic activity that could exist in such an environment. 
 CREDIT RISK 
 Financial instruments, which potentially subject us to concentrations of credit risk, are primarily cash and cash equivalents, derivative instruments and accounts receivable. 
 We place our cash and cash equivalents and enter into derivative transactions with highly-rated financial institutions and limit the amount of credit exposure to any one entity. We believe we do not have any significant credit risk on our cash and cash equivalents or derivative instruments. 
 Our concentrations of credit risks with respect to trade accounts receivable is limited due to the large number of customers and their dispersion across a number of geographic areas and by frequent monitoring of the creditworthiness of the customers to whom credit is granted in the normal course of business. Substantially all of our trade receivables are concentrated in the public and private hospital and healthcare industry in the U.S. and internationally or with distributors or dealers who operate in international markets and, accordingly, are exposed to their respective business, economic and country specific variables. Our ability to collect accounts receivable in some countries depends in part upon the financial stability of these hospital and healthcare sectors and the respective countries national economic and healthcare systems. Most notably, in Europe healthcare is typically sponsored by the government. Since we sell products to public hospitals in those countries, we are indirectly exposed to government budget constraints and price reduction initiatives. To the extent the respective governments ability to fund their public hospital programs deteriorates, we may have to record significant bad debt expenses in the future. 
 While we are exposed to risks from the broader healthcare industry in Europe and around the world, there is no significant net exposure due to any individual customer. Exposure to credit risk is controlled through credit approvals, credit limits and monitoring procedures, and we believe that reserves for losses are adequate. 
 
 39 

Item 8. Financial Statemen ts and Supplementary Data 
 Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Financial Statements: 
 
 Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 
 41 

Consolidated Statements of Earnings for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 
 44 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 
 45 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 46 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 
 47 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 
 48 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 49 

40 

Report of Independent Regist ered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of earnings, of comprehensive income (loss), of stockholders equity and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, including the related notes and schedule of valuation and qualifying accounts for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 appearing under Item 15(a)(2) (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. 
 
 Basis for Opinions 
 
 The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable 
 41 

assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 
 Goodwill Impairment Assessment - EMEA and Americas CMFT Reporting Units 
 
 As described in Notes 2 and 11 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s consolidated goodwill balance was 8,580.2 million as of December 31, 2022, and the goodwill associated with the EMEA and Americas CMFT reporting units represents a portion of the consolidated goodwill balance. Management performs an impairment test in the fourth quarter of each year or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the fair value of the reporting unit is more likely than not below its carrying amount. Potential impairment of a reporting unit is identified by comparing the reporting unit s estimated fair value to its carrying amount. The annual goodwill impairment test resulted in an impairment charge of 289.8 million related to the EMEA reporting unit, which represented all of the remaining goodwill. Management estimated the fair value of the EMEA and Americas CMFT reporting units based on income and market approaches. Fair value under the income approach was determined by discounting to present value the estimated future cash flows of the reporting unit. Fair value under the market approach utilized the guideline public company methodology, which uses valuation indicators from publicly-traded companies that are similar to the EMEA and Americas CMFT reporting units. Significant assumptions are incorporated into the discounted cash flow analysis such as forecasted net sales, revenue growth rates, forecasted operating expenses and risk-adjusted discount rates. 
 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the goodwill impairment assessment of the EMEA and Americas CMFT reporting units is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management when estimating the fair value of the reporting units; (ii) a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures and evaluating management s significant assumptions related to forecasted net sales, forecasted operating expenses and risk-adjusted discount rate for the EMEA reporting unit and revenue growth rates, forecasted operating expenses and risk-adjusted discount rate for the Americas CMFT reporting unit; and (iii) the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. 
 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to management s goodwill impairment assessment, including controls over the valuation of the Company s reporting units. These procedures also included, among others (i) testing management s process for developing the estimated fair value of the EMEA and Americas CMFT reporting units; (ii) evaluating the appropriateness of the discounted cash flow analysis; (iii) testing the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data used in the discounted cash flow analysis; and (iv) evaluating the reasonableness of the significant assumptions used by management in the discounted cash flow analysis related to forecasted net sales, forecasted operating expenses and risk-adjusted discount rate for the EMEA reporting unit and revenue growth rates, forecasted operating expenses and risk-adjusted discount rate for the Americas CMFT reporting unit. Evaluating management s assumptions related to forecasted net sales, revenue growth rates and forecasted operating expenses involved evaluating whether the assumptions used by management were reasonable considering (i) the current and past performance of the EMEA and Americas CMFT reporting units, where applicable; (ii) the consistency with external data from market and industry sources; and (iii) whether these assumptions were consistent with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. Professionals with specialized skill and knowledge were used to assist in evaluating the 
 42 

appropriateness of the Company s discounted cash flow analysis and the reasonableness of the risk-adjusted discount rate assumptions. 
 
 Tax Liabilities for Certain Unrecognized Tax Benefits 
 
 As described in Notes 2 and 17 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has recorded tax liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits with a consolidated balance of 521.0 million as of December 31, 2022. The calculation of certain of the Company s estimated tax liabilities, representing a majority of the consolidated balance, involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax laws and regulations in a multitude of jurisdictions across the Company s global operations. The Company s income tax filings are regularly under audit in multiple federal, state and foreign jurisdictions. Income tax audits may require an extended period of time to reach resolution and may result in significant income tax adjustments when interpretation of tax laws or allocation of company profits is disputed. 
 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to tax liabilities for certain unrecognized tax benefits is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management when determining the tax liabilities for certain unrecognized tax benefits due to a high degree of estimation uncertainty related to management s application of complex tax laws and regulations, the result of income tax audits, and potential for significant adjustments as a result of such audits; (ii) a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures to evaluate the timely identification and accurate measurement of tax liabilities for certain unrecognized tax benefits and evaluating audit evidence available to support the estimates; and (iii) the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. 
 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the identification and accurate measurement of tax liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits, including controls addressing the completeness of the tax liabilities. These procedures also included, among others (i) evaluating the accuracy of the measurement of tax liabilities for certain unrecognized tax benefits by testing certain information used in the calculation of tax liabilities for certain unrecognized tax benefits by jurisdiction, on a sample basis; (ii) assessing the completeness of the Company s identification of tax liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits and possible outcomes for certain unrecognized tax benefits; and (iii) evaluating the status and results of income tax audits related to certain unrecognized tax benefits with the relevant tax authorities. Professionals with specialized skill and knowledge were used to assist in evaluating management s application of complex tax laws and regulations in various jurisdictions and assessing the reasonableness of certain of the Company s tax positions. 

/s/ 

February 24, 2023 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2000. 
 43 

ZIMMER BIOMET HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATE MENTS OF EARNINGS 
 (in millions, except per share amounts) 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Net Sales 

Cost of products sold, excluding intangible asset amortization 

Intangible asset amortization 

Research and development 

Selling, general and administrative 

Goodwill and intangible asset impairment 

Restructuring and other cost reduction initiatives 

Quality remediation 

Acquisition, integration, divestiture and related 

Operating expenses 

Operating Profit 

Other (expense) income, net 

() 

Interest expense, net 

() 

() 

() 

Loss on early extinguishment of debt 

- 

() 

- 

Earnings (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes 

() 

Provision (benefit) for income taxes from continuing operations 

() 

Net Earnings (Loss) from Continuing Operations 

() 

Less: Net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interest 

Net Earnings (Loss) from Continuing Operations of Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. 

() 

Loss from Discontinued Operations, Net of Tax 

() 

() 

() 

Net Earnings (Loss) of Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. 

() 

Basic Earnings (Loss) Per Common Share 

Earnings (Loss) from Continuing Operations 

() 

Loss from Discontinued Operations 

() 

() 

() 

Basic Earnings (Loss) Per Common Share 

() 

Diluted Earnings (Loss) Per Common Share 

Earnings (Loss) from Continuing Operations 

() 

Loss from Discontinued Operations 

() 

() 

() 

Diluted Earnings (Loss) Per Common Share 

() 

Weighted Average Common Shares Outstanding 

Basic 

Diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 44 

ZIMMER BIOMET HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF C OMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 (in millions) 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Net Earnings (Loss) of Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. 

() 

Other Comprehensive Income (Loss): 

Foreign currency cumulative translation adjustments, net of tax 

() 

() 

Unrealized cash flow hedge gains/(losses), net of tax 

() 

Reclassification adjustments on hedges, net of tax 

() 

() 

Adjustments to prior service cost and unrecognized actuarial assumptions, net of tax 

() 

Total Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income 

() 

() 

Comprehensive Income (Loss) Attributable to Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 45 

ZIMMER BIOMET HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED B ALANCE SHEETS 
 (in millions, except share amounts) 

As of December 31, 

2022 

2021 

ASSETS 

Current Assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable, less allowance for credit losses 

Inventories 

Prepaid taxes 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Current assets of discontinued operations 

- 

Total Current Assets 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

Goodwill 

Intangible assets, net 

Other assets 

Noncurrent assets of discontinued operations 

- 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

Current Liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Income taxes payable 

Other current liabilities 

Current portion of long-term debt 

Current liabilities of discontinued operations 

- 

Total Current Liabilities 

Deferred income taxes, net 

Long-term income tax payable 

Other long-term liabilities 

Long-term debt 

Noncurrent liabilities of discontinued operations 

- 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 21) 

Stockholders' Equity: 

Common stock, par value, billion shares authorized, million million in 2021) issued 

Paid-in capital 

Retained earnings 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

Treasury stock, million shares million shares in 2021) 

() 

() 

Total Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. stockholders' equity 

Noncontrolling interest 

Total Stockholders' Equity 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 46 

ZIMMER BIOMET HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 (in millions) 

Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. Stockholders 

Accumulated 

Other 

Total 

Common Shares 

Paid-in 

Retained 

Comprehensive 

Treasury Shares 

Noncontrolling 

Stockholders' 

Number 

Amount 

Capital 

Earnings 

(Loss) Income 

Number 

Amount 

Interest 

Equity 

Balance January 1, 2020 

() 

() 

() 

Net loss 

- 

- 

- 

() 

- 

- 

- 

() 

Other comprehensive loss 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

- 

- 

- 

() 

Cash dividends declared per share) 

- 

- 

- 

() 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

Adoption of new accounting standard 

- 

- 

- 

() 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

Acquisition of noncontrolling interest 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

() 

Stock compensation plans 

- 

- 

- 

Balance December 31, 2020 

() 

() 

() 

Net earnings 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Other comprehensive income 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Cash dividends declared per share) 

- 

- 

- 

() 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

Stock compensation plans 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Balance December 31, 2021 

() 

() 

() 

Net earnings 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Other comprehensive loss 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

- 

- 

- 

() 

Cash dividends declared per share) 

- 

- 

- 

() 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

Reclassifications of net investment hedges 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Spinoff of ZimVie Inc. 

- 

- 

- 

() 

- 

- 

- 

() 

Stock compensation plans 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Share repurchases 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

() 

- 

() 

Balance December 31, 2022 

() 

() 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 47 

ZIMMER BIOMET HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEM ENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in millions) 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Cash flows provided by (used in) operating activities from continuing operations: 

Net earnings (loss) from continuing operations 

() 

Adjustments to reconcile net earnings (loss) to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Share-based compensation 

Goodwill and intangible asset impairment 

Loss on early extinguishment of debt 

- 

- 

Loss on investment in ZimVie 

- 

- 

Deferred income tax (benefit) provision 

() 

() 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of acquired assets and liabilities 

Income taxes 

() 

() 

() 

Receivables 

() 

() 

() 

Inventories 

() 

() 

() 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

() 

Other assets and liabilities 

() 

() 

Net cash provided by operating activities from continuing operations 

Cash flows provided by (used in) investing activities from continuing operations: 

Additions to instruments 

() 

() 

() 

Additions to other property, plant and equipment 

() 

() 

() 

Net investment hedge settlements 

Business combination investments, net of acquired cash 

() 

- 

() 

Investments in other assets 

() 

() 

() 

Net cash used in investing activities from continuing operations 

() 

() 

() 

Cash flows provided by (used in) financing activities from continuing operations: 

Proceeds from multicurrency revolving facility 

- 

- 

Payments on multicurrency revolving facility 

() 

- 

- 

Proceeds from senior notes 

- 

Redemption of senior notes 

() 

() 

() 

Proceeds from term loan 

- 

- 

Payments on term loans 

() 

- 

- 

Dividends paid to stockholders 

() 

() 

() 

Proceeds from employee stock compensation plans 

Distribution from ZimVie, Inc. 

- 

- 

Net cash flows from unremitted collections from factoring programs 

- 

- 

() 

Business combination contingent consideration payments 

- 

() 

() 

Debt issuance costs 

() 

() 

() 

Deferred business combination payments 

- 

() 

- 

Repurchase of common stock 

() 

- 

- 

Other financing activities 

() 

() 

() 

Net cash used in financing activities from continuing operations 

() 

() 

() 

Cash flows provided by (used in) discontinued operations: 

Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities 

() 

Net cash used in investing activities 

() 

() 

() 

Net cash used in financing activities 

() 

() 

Net cash (used in) provided by discontinued operations 

() 

Effect of exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents 

() 

() 

(Decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents 

() 

() 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year (includes million, million and million at January 1, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, of discontinued operations cash) 

Cash and cash equivalents, end of year (includes million and million at December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, of discontinued operations cash) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 48 

ZIMMER BIOMET HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 of the outstanding shares of common stock of ZimVie Inc. ZimVie to Zimmer Biomet Holding s stockholders. The historical results of our spine and dental businesses that were contributed to ZimVie in the spinoff have been reflected as discontinued operations in our consolidated financial statements as the spinoff represents a strategic shift in our business that has a major effect on operations and financial results. As of December 31, 2021, the assets and liabilities associated with these businesses are classified as assets and liabilities of discontinued operations in the consolidated balance sheet. The disclosures presented in our notes to the consolidated financial statements are presented on a continuing operations basis. 

general and administrative SG A expenses and were million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 , respectively. 

percent dedicated to our integration of acquired businesses and employees who have been notified of termination, but are continuing to work on transferring their responsibilities. 

 Contract termination expenses related to terminated contracts, primarily with sales agents and distribution agreements. 

 Changes to our contingent consideration liabilities related to our mergers and acquisitions. 

 Other various expenses to relocate facilities, integrate information technology, losses incurred on assets resulting from the applicable acquisition, and other various expenses. 

 Income and expenses related to providing ZimVie certain services after the separation date. 

allowance for credit losses by geographic market and take into consideration historical credit experience, creditworthiness of the customer and other pertinent information. We make concerted efforts to collect all accounts receivable, but sometimes we have to write-off the account against the allowance when we determine the account is uncollectible. The allowance for credit losses was million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We also have receivables purchase arrangements with unrelated third parties to transfer portions of our trade accounts receivable balance. We terminated our purchase arrangements in the U.S. and Japan during the year ended December 31, 2020. We continue to have arrangements in Europe where we sell to a third party and have no continuing involvement or significant risk with the factored accounts receivable. Funds received from the transfers are recorded as an increase to cash and a reduction to accounts receivable outstanding in our consolidated balance sheets. We report the cash flows attributable to the sale of receivables to third parties in cash flows from operating activities in our consolidated statements of cash flows. Net expenses resulting from the sales of receivables are recognized in SG A expense and are immaterial. Net expenses include any resulting gains or losses from the sales of receivables, credit insurance and factoring fees. Under the previous arrangement in the U.S. and Japan, any initial collections of cash and remittances to the third parties were recognized in our consolidated statements of cash flows in financing activities which resulted in an outflow of million for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 
 for buildings and improvements and three to for machinery and equipment. Maintenance and repairs are expensed as incurred. We review property, plant and equipment for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable. An impairment loss would be recognized when estimated future undiscounted cash flows relating to the asset are less than its carrying amount. An impairment loss is measured as the amount by which the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its fair value. 
 . 
 . We review instruments for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an instrument may not be recoverable. Depreciation of instruments is recognized as SG A expense. 
 reporting unit s operations that would significantly decrease its estimated fair value. If a quantitative assessment is performed, the fair value of the reporting unit and the fair value of goodwill are determined based upon a discounted cash flow analysis and/or use of a market approach by looking at market values of comparable companies. Significant assumptions are incorporated into our discounted cash flow analyses such as forecasted net sales, revenue growth rates, forecasted operating expenses and risk-adjusted discount rates. We perform this test in the fourth quarter of the year or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the fair value of the reporting unit is more likely than not below its carrying amount. If the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying value, an impairment loss is recorded in the amount that the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeds the fair value. See Note 11 for more information regarding goodwill. 
 to . Intangible assets with a finite life are tested for impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. Intangible assets with an indefinite life, including certain trademarks and trade names and in-process research and development IPR D projects, are not amortized. Indefinite life intangible assets are assessed annually to determine whether events and circumstances continue to support an indefinite life. Intangible assets with an indefinite life are tested for impairment annually or whenever events or circumstances indicate that the fair value of the reporting unit is more likely than not below its carrying amount. An impairment loss is recognized if the carrying amount exceeds the estimated fair value of the asset. The amount of the impairment loss to be recorded would be determined based upon the excess of the asset s carrying value over its fair value. The fair values of indefinite lived intangible assets are determined based upon a discounted cash flow analysis using the relief from royalty method or a qualitative assessment may be performed for any changes to the asset s fair value from the last quantitative assessment. The relief from royalty method estimates the cost savings associated with owning, rather than licensing, assets. Significant assumptions are incorporated into these discounted cash flow analyses such as estimated growth rates, royalty rates and risk-adjusted discount rates. We may do a qualitative assessment when the results of the previous quantitative test indicated that the asset s fair value was significantly in excess of its carrying value. 
 We reduce our deferred tax assets by a valuation allowance if it is more likely than not that we will not realize some portion or all of the deferred tax assets. In making such determination, we consider all available positive and negative evidence, including future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences, projected future taxable income, tax planning strategies and recent financial operations. In the event we were to determine that we would be able to realize our deferred income tax assets in the future in excess of their net recorded amount, we would make an adjustment to the valuation allowance which would reduce the provision for income taxes. We operate on a global basis and are subject to numerous and complex tax laws and regulations. The calculation of our tax liabilities involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax laws and regulations in a multitude of jurisdictions across our global operations. Our income tax filings are regularly under audit in multiple federal, state, and foreign jurisdictions. Income tax audits may require an extended period of time to reach resolution and may result in significant income tax adjustments when interpretation of tax laws or allocation of company profits is disputed. Because income tax adjustments in certain jurisdictions can be significant, we record tax positions based upon our estimates. For those tax positions where it is more likely than not that a tax benefit will be sustained, we have recorded the largest amount of tax benefit with a greater than 50 percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement with a taxing authority that has full knowledge of all relevant information. For those income tax positions where it is not more likely than not that a tax benefit will be sustained, no tax benefit has been recognized in the financial statements. 
 
 million related to our investment in ZimVie. The initial value of our investment was based upon our percent share of the carrying value of net assets transferred to ZimVie on the separation date. At December 31, 2022, we valued our investment at fair value based upon ZimVie's share price on that date, less a discount to reflect that the shares are not registered. 

the adoption of ASC 842 or applied prospectively to leases that commence or are modified after the adoption of ASU 2021-05. We adopted this standard as of January 1, 2022. The adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted There are no recently issued accounting pronouncements that we have not yet adopted that are expected to have a material effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

of the outstanding shares of common stock of ZimVie to our stockholders at the close of business on February 15, 2022 (the Record Date ). The distribution was made in the amount of one share of ZimVie common stock for every ten shares of our common stock owned by our stockholders at the close of business on the Record Date. Fractional shares of ZimVie common stock were not issued but instead were aggregated and sold in the open market with the proceeds being distributed pro rata in lieu of such fractional shares. In the fourth quarter of 2021, ZimVie entered into a credit agreement with a financial institution providing for revolving loans of up to million and term loan borrowings of up to million. On February 28, 2022, prior to separation, ZimVie borrowed the entire million available under the term loan. Approximately million of this amount was paid by ZimVie to Zimmer Biomet in the form of a dividend at separation which is included in our cash flows from financing activities in the consolidated statements of cash flows. We used proceeds from the dividend, along with cash on hand and proceeds from a draw on our revolving credit facility, to repay our Senior Notes due 2022 which had an outstanding principal balance of million. Also, in connection with the spinoff, we entered into definitive agreements with ZimVie that, among other things, set forth the terms and conditions of the separation and distribution. The agreements set forth the principles and actions taken or to be taken in connection with the separation and the distribution and provide a framework for our relationship with ZimVie from and after the separation and the distribution. The agreements include a Separation and Distribution Agreement, a Tax Matters Agreement, an Employee Matters Agreement, a Transition Services Agreement (the TSA ), an Intellectual Property Matters Agreement, a Stockholder and Registration Rights Agreement, a Transition Manufacturing and Supply Agreement (the TMA ), a Reverse Transition Manufacturing and Supply Agreement (the Reverse TMA and a Transitional Trademark License Agreement, each dated as of March 1, 2022. Pursuant to the TSA, both we and ZimVie agree to provide certain services to each other, on an interim, transitional basis from and after the separation and the distribution. The services include certain regulatory services, commercial services, operational services, tax services, clinical affairs services, information technology services, finance and accounting services and human resource and employee benefits services. The remuneration to be paid for such services is generally intended to allow the company providing the services to recover all of its costs and expenses of providing such services. The TSA will terminate on the expiration of the term of the last service provided thereunder, which will generally be no later than March 31, 2025. However, we expect most TSA services will be completed by the end of 2023. Pursuant to the TMA and the Reverse TMA, Zimmer Biomet or ZimVie, as the case may be, will manufacture or cause to be manufactured certain products for the other party, on an interim, transitional basis. Pursuant to such agreements, Zimmer Biomet or ZimVie, as the case may be, will be required to purchase certain minimum amounts of products from the other party. Each of the TMA and the Reverse TMA has a two-year term, with a one-year extension possible upon mutual agreement of the parties. We recognize any gains or losses from the TSA and TMA agreements in Acquisition, integration, divestiture and related expense in our consolidated statements of earnings. Amounts included in the consolidated statements of earnings related to these agreements for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were immaterial. Amounts due from ZimVie were also immaterial as of December 31, 2022. We retained approximately million common shares of ZimVie, representing approximately percent of ZimVie's outstanding common shares on the separation date. Given our inability to exert significant influence over ZimVie, we recognize this investment at fair value in prepaid expenses and other current assets on our consolidated balance sheet. We disposed of these shares in February 2023. Changes to the fair value of the investment are recognized in non-operating other (expense) income, net. In the year ended December 31, 2022, we recognized losses of million related to our investment in ZimVie. On August 31, 2022, we borrowed an aggregate principal amount of million under a short-term credit agreement (the Short-Term Term Loan with a third-party financial institution, the proceeds of which were used to repay certain of our existing indebtedness. On September 1, 2022, we entered into a forward exchange agreement and pledge agreement (collectively the Forward Exchange Agreement with the same financial institution to deliver to them our million shares of ZimVie common stock in the first quarter of 2023. It is likely that the financial institution entered into hedging transactions, which may have included selling the ZimVie shares in the market, in anticipation of receiving the shares in the first quarter of 2023. We pledged our million shares of ZimVie common stock to the financial institution as collateral for our obligations under the Short-Term Term Loan and the Forward Exchange Agreement. In February 2023, we repaid in full the Short-Term Term Loan by transferring our ZimVie common shares to the financial institution counterparty to settle the Forward Exchange Agreement and by paying million in cash, representing an amount determined by the difference between the average daily volume-weighted average price of the ZimVie shares over the outstanding term of the Forward Exchange Agreement and the principal amount of million. The Forward Exchange Agreement was accounted for at fair value, with changes in fair value recognized in non-operating other (expense) income, net. The most significant input into the valuation of the Forward Exchange Agreement is the price of ZimVie shares. The fair value of the Forward Exchange Agreement as of December 31, 2022 was million and is included within prepaid expenses and other current assets on our consolidated balance sheet. For the year ended December 31, 2022, an unrealized gain of million related to the change in fair value of the Forward Exchange Agreement was recorded in non-operating other (expense) income, net in our consolidated statements of earnings. As discussed in Note 1, Business, the results of our spine and dental businesses have been reflected as discontinued operations in the consolidated statements of earnings for the years presented. 

Cost of products sold, excluding intangible asset amortization 

Intangible asset amortization 

Research and development 

Selling, general and administrative 

Goodwill and intangible asset impairment 

- 

- 

Restructuring and other cost reduction initiatives 

Quality remediation 

- 

Acquisition, integration, divestiture and related 

Other expense (income), net 

() 

Loss from discontinued operations before income taxes 

() 

() 

() 

Benefit for income taxes from discontinued operations 

() 

() 

() 

Loss from discontinued operations, net of tax 

() 

() 

() 

Details of assets and liabilities of discontinued operations are as follows (in millions): 

December 31, 

2021 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable, less allowance for credit losses 

Inventories 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total Current Assets of Discontinued Operations 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

Goodwill 

Intangible assets, net 

Other assets 

Total Noncurrent Assets of Discontinued Operations 

Accounts payable 

Income taxes payable 

Other current liabilities 

Total Current Liabilities of Discontinued Operations 

Deferred income taxes, net 

Other long-term liabilities 

Total Noncurrent Liabilities of Discontinued Operations 

percent of our net sales in 2022. Pricing for products is generally predetermined by contracts with customers, agents acting on behalf of customer groups or by government regulatory bodies, depending on the market. Price discounts under group purchasing contracts are generally linked to volume of implant purchases by customer healthcare institutions within a specified group. At negotiated thresholds within a contract buying period, price discounts may increase. Payment terms vary by customer, but are typically less than . With sales to stocking distributors and some healthcare dealers and hospitals, revenue is generally recognized when control of our product passes to the customer, which can be upon shipment of the product or receipt by the customer. We estimate sales recognized in this manner represented approximately percent of our net sales in 2022. These customers may purchase items in large quantities if incentives are offered or if there are new product offerings in a market, which could cause period-to-period differences in sales. It is our accounting policy to account for shipping and handling activities as a fulfillment cost rather than as an additional promised service. We have contracts with these customers or orders may be placed from available price lists. Payment terms vary by customer, but are typically less than . We offer standard warranties to our customers that our products are not defective. These standard warranties are not considered separate performance obligations. In limited circumstances, we offer extended warranties that are separate performance obligations. We have very few contracts that have multiple performance obligations. Since we do t have significant multiple element arrangements and essentially all of our sales are recognized upon implantation of a product or when title passes, very little judgment is required to allocate the transaction price of a contract or determine when control has passed to a customer. Our costs to obtain contracts consist primarily of sales commissions to employees or third-party agents that are earned when control of our product passes to the customer. Therefore, sales commissions are expensed as part of SG A expenses at the same time revenue is recognized. Accordingly, we do t have significant contract assets, liabilities or future performance obligations. We offer volume-based discounts, rebates, prompt pay discounts, right of return and other various incentives which we account for under the variable consideration model. If sales incentives may be earned by a customer for purchasing a specified amount of our product, we estimate whether such incentives will be achieved and recognize these incentives as a reduction in revenue in the same period the underlying revenue transaction is recognized. We primarily use the expected value method to estimate incentives. Under the expected value method, we consider the historical experience of similar programs as well as review sales trends on a customer-by-customer basis to estimate what levels of incentives will be earned. Occasionally, products are returned and, accordingly, we maintain an estimated refund liability based upon the expected value method that is recorded as a reduction in revenue. We analyze sales by geographies, the United States and International; and by the following product categories: Knees; Hips; Sports Medicine, Extremities and Trauma S.E.T. ), which includes Craniomaxillofacial and Thoracic CMFT ); and Other. Other includes sales from our Technology, Surgical and Bone Cement products. This net sales presentation differs from our reportable operating segments, which are based upon our senior management organizational structure and how we allocate resources toward achieving operating profit goals. Each of our reportable operating segments sells all the product categories noted above. Accordingly, the only difference from the presentation below and our reportable operating segments are the geographic groupings. 

International 

Total 

Hips 

S.E.T 

Other 

Total 

million. The pre-tax restructuring charges consist of employee termination benefits; contract terminations for sales agents; and other charges, such as consulting fees and project management. 

Employee 

Termination 

Contract 

Benefits 

Terminations 

Other 

Total 

Balance, December 31, 2020 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Additions 

Cash payments 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Foreign currency exchange rate changes 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Additions 

Cash payments 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Foreign currency exchange rate changes 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

Expense incurred since the start of the 2021 Restructuring Plan 

Expense estimated to be recognized for the 2021 Restructuring Plan 

In December 2019, our Board of Directors approved, and we initiated, a new global restructuring program (the 2019 Restructuring Plan with an objective of reducing costs to allow us to further invest in higher priority growth opportunities. The 2019 Restructuring Plan is expected to result in total pre-tax restructuring charges of approximately million to million. The pre-tax restructuring charges consist of employee termination benefits; contract terminations for facilities and sales agents; and other charges, such as consulting fees, project management and relocation costs. The restructuring charges incurred in the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily related to employee termination benefits, consulting fees and project management expenses. 

- 

Additions 

Cash payments 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Foreign currency exchange rate changes 

- 

- 

Balance, December 31, 2020 

Additions 

Cash payments 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Foreign currency exchange rate changes 

() 

- 

() 

() 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

- 

Additions 

Cash payments 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Foreign currency exchange rate changes 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

Expense incurred since the start of the 2019 Restructuring Plan 

Expense estimated to be recognized for the 2019 Restructuring Plan 

For the expense estimated to be recognized for the 2019 Restructuring Plan, we have disclosed the midpoint in our estimated range of expenses. We do not include restructuring charges in the operating profit of our reportable segments. In our consolidated statement of earnings, we report restructuring charges in our Restructuring and other cost reduction initiatives financial statement line item. We report the expenses for other cost reduction and optimization initiatives with restructuring expenses because these activities also have the goal of reducing costs across the organization. However, since the cost reduction and optimization initiative expenses are not considered restructuring, they have been excluded from the amounts presented in this note. 

Tax benefit related to awards 

Total expense, net of tax 

We had equity compensation plans in effect at December 31, 2022 : the 2009 Stock Incentive Plan 2009 Plan and the Stock Plan for Non-Employee Directors. We have reserved the maximum number of shares of common stock available for awards under the terms of each of these plans. We have registered million shares of common stock under these plans. The 2009 Plan provides for the grant of nonqualified stock options and incentive stock options, long-term performance awards in the form of performance shares or units, restricted stock, RSUs and stock appreciation rights. The Compensation and Management Development Committee of the Board of Directors determines the grant date for annual grants under our equity compensation plans. The date for annual grants under the 2009 Plan to our executive officers is expected to occur in the first quarter of each year following the earnings announcements for the previous quarter and full year. The Stock Plan for Non-Employee Directors provides for awards of stock options, restricted stock and RSUs to non-employee directors. It has been our practice to issue shares of common stock upon exercise of stock options from previously unissued shares, except in limited circumstances where they are issued from treasury stock. The total number of awards which may be granted in a given year and/or over the life of the plan under each of our equity compensation plans is limited. At December 31, 2022 , an aggregate of million shares were available for future grants and awards under these plans. Stock Options Stock options granted to date under our plans generally vest over three or and have a maximum contractual life of years. As established under our equity compensation plans, vesting may accelerate upon retirement after the first anniversary date of the award if certain criteria are met. We recognize expense related to stock options on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period, less awards expected to be forfeited using estimated forfeiture rates. Due to the accelerated retirement provisions, the requisite service period of our stock options range from one to . Stock options are granted with an exercise price equal to the market price of our common stock on the date of grant, except in limited circumstances where local law may dictate otherwise. 

Options granted (1) 

Options exercised (1) 

() 

Options forfeited (1) 

() 

Options expired (1) 

() 

Awards transferred to ZimVie in the spinoff 

() 

Adjustment to Zimmer Biomet awards related to the spinoff of ZimVie (2) 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Vested or expected to vest as of December 31, 2022 

Exercisable at December 31, 2022 

(1) Activity prior to the ZimVie spinoff has not been adjusted for the spinoff 

 (2) In connection with the spinoff of ZimVie, all outstanding Zimmer Biomet stock options (whether vested or unvested) were modified into adjusted Zimmer Biomet awards for continuing Zimmer Biomet employees or converted into ZimVie awards for those becoming ZimVie employees. The modified awards attempted to preserve the same intrinsic value and general terms and conditions (including vesting) as were in place immediately prior to the modification. The modification of these awards did not result in significant incremental expense. 

 We use a Black-Scholes option-pricing model to determine the fair value of our stock options. Expected volatility was derived from a combination of historical volatility and implied volatility because the options that were actively traded around the grant date of our stock options did not have maturities of over one year. The expected term of the stock options has been derived from historical employee exercise behavior. The risk-free interest rate was determined using the implied yield currently available for zero-coupon U.S. government issues with a remaining term approximating the expected life of the options. The dividend yield was determined by using an estimated annual dividend and dividing it by the market price of our stock on the grant date. 

Volatility 

Risk-free interest rate 

Expected life (years) 

Weighted average fair value of options granted 

Intrinsic value of options exercised (in millions) 

Tax benefit of options exercised (in millions) 

As of December 31, 2022 , there was million of unrecognized share-based payment expense related to nonvested stock options granted under our plans. That expense is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. RSUs We have awarded RSUs to certain of our employees. The terms of the awards are generally three or . Some of the awards have only service conditions while some have performance and market conditions in addition to service conditions. Future service conditions may be waived if an employee retires after the first anniversary date of the award, but performance and market conditions continue to apply. Accordingly, the requisite service period used for share-based payment expense on our RSUs range from to . 

Granted (1) 

Vested (1) 

() 

Forfeited (1) 

() 

Awards transferred to ZimVie in the spinoff 

() 

Adjustment to Zimmer Biomet awards related to the spinoff of ZimVie (2) 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

(1) Activity prior to the ZimVie spinoff has not been adjusted for the spinoff. 

 (2) In connection with the spinoff of ZimVie, all unvested Zimmer Biomet RSUs were modified into adjusted Zimmer Biomet awards for continuing Zimmer Biomet employees or converted into ZimVie awards for those becoming ZimVie employees. For awards with service conditions only, the modified awards attempted to preserve the same intrinsic value and general terms and conditions (including vesting) as were in place immediately prior to the modification. For awards that had performance and market conditions, these conditions were removed and converted into service condition only awards to be earned at a fixed amount as determined by our Board of Directors' Compensation and Management Development Committee. The other general terms and conditions (including vesting) were preserved. The modification of these awards did not result in significant incremental expense. 

 For the RSUs with service conditions only, the fair value of the awards was determined based upon the fair market value of our common stock on the date of grant. For the RSUs with market conditions, a Monte Carlo valuation technique was used to simulate the market conditions of the awards. The outcome of the simulation was used to determine the fair value of the awards. We are required to estimate the number of RSUs that will vest and recognize share-based payment expense on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period. As of December 31, 2022 , we estimate that approximately outstanding RSUs will vest. If our estimate were to change in the future, the cumulative effect of the change in estimate will be recorded in that period. Based upon the number of RSUs that we expect to vest, the unrecognized share-based payment expense as of December 31, 2022 was million and is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. The fair value of RSUs that vested during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 based upon our stock price on the date of vesting was million, million, and million, respectively. 

Work in progress 

Raw materials 

Inventories 

Amounts charged to the consolidated statements of earnings for excess and obsolete inventory, including certain product lines we intend to discontinue, in the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were million, million and million, respectively. 

Building and equipment 

Capitalized software costs 

Instruments 

Construction in progress 

Accumulated depreciation 

() 

() 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

Depreciation expense was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. We had million and 1 million of property, plant and equipment included in accounts payable as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

 62 

- 

- 

Cross-currency interest rate swaps 

- 

- 

Derivatives not designated as hedges, current and long-term 

Foreign currency forward contracts 

- 

- 

Forward Exchange Agreement 

- 

- 

Investment in ZimVie 

- 

- 

Total Assets 

- 

Liabilities 

Derivatives designated as hedges, current and long-term 

Foreign currency forward contracts 

- 

- 

Cross-currency interest rate swaps 

- 

- 

Interest rate swaps 

- 

- 

Derivatives not designated as hedges, current and long-term 

Foreign currency forward contracts 

- 

- 

Contingent payments related to acquisitions 

- 

- 

Total Liabilities 

- 

As of December 31, 2021 

Fair Value Measurements at Reporting Date Using: 

Description 
 
 Recorded Balance 

Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) 

Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) 

Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) 

Assets 

Derivatives designated as hedges, current and long-term 

Foreign currency forward contracts 

- 

- 

Cross-currency interest rate swaps 

- 

- 

Derivatives not designated as hedges, current and long-term 

Foreign currency forward contracts 

- 

- 

Total Assets 

- 

- 

Liabilities 

Derivatives designated as hedges, current and long-term 

Foreign currency forward contracts 

- 

- 

Cross-currency interest rate swaps 

- 

- 

Interest rate swaps 

- 

- 

Derivatives not designated as hedges, current and long-term 

Foreign currency forward contracts 

- 

- 

Contingent payments related to acquisitions 

- 

- 

Total Liabilities 

- 

We value our foreign currency forward contracts using a market approach based on foreign currency exchange rates obtained from active markets, and we perform ongoing assessments of counterparty credit risk. We value our interest rate swaps using a market approach based on publicly available market yield curves and the terms of our swaps, and we perform ongoing assessments of counterparty credit risk. The valuation of our cross-currency interest rate swaps also includes consideration of foreign currency exchange rates. In connection with the spinoff, we retained approximately million unregistered uncommon shares of ZimVie, representing percent of ZimVie's common stock on the separation date. At each reporting date, we value these shares based upon the market share price of ZimVie less a discount to reflect that the shares are not registered. The value of the Forward Exchange Agreement is based upon the historical volume-weighted average price of ZimVie stock since the inception of the agreement with simulations of how the ZimVie stock might perform until the settlement date. Contingent payments related to acquisitions consist of sales-based payments, and are valued using discounted cash flow techniques. The fair value of sales-based payments is based upon probability-weighted future revenue estimates, and changes as revenue estimates increase or decrease. 

Change in estimates 

() 

Settlements 

() 

Ending balance December 31, 2022 

Changes in estimates for contingent payments related to acquisitions included in continuing operations are recognized in the Acquisition, integration, divestiture and related line item on our consolidated statements of earnings. 

, we completed the acquisition of all the outstanding shares of a privately held sternal closure company. The acquisition was completed primarily to expand our product offerings in the CMFT market. The total aggregate cash consideration paid at closing was million, with an additional million of deferred payments to be made over the next . The goodwill related to this acquisition represents the excess of the consideration transferred over the fair value of the net assets acquired. The goodwill is related to the operational synergies we expect to achieve from combining the companies and the cash flows from future, undefined, development projects. The goodwill is included in the Americas operating segment and the Americas CMFT reporting unit. A portion of the goodwill is expected to be deductible for U.S. income tax purposes. 

Intangible assets subject to amortization: 

Technology 

Customer relationships 

Goodwill 

Other assets 

Total assets acquired 

Current liabilities 

Total liabilities assumed 

Net assets acquired 

The amortization periods selected for technology and customer relationships related to this acquisition were years and years, respectively. In the fourth quarter of 2020, we completed the acquisitions of A E Medical Corporation, a sternal closure company, and Relign Corp., an arthroscopy equipment company (collectively referred to as the 2020 acquisitions ). The 2020 acquisitions were completed primarily to expand our product offerings in CMFT and sports medicine markets. The total aggregate cash consideration paid in 2020 related to the 2020 acquisitions was million. An additional million of guaranteed deferred payments were made in 2021. We assigned a fair value of million for potential additional payments as of the acquisition dates related to these acquisitions that are contingent on the respective companies' future product sales. The estimated fair value of the aggregate contingent payment liabilities was calculated based on the probability of achieving the specified sales growth and discounting to present value the estimated payments. The goodwill related to the 2020 acquisitions represents the excess of the consideration transferred over the fair value of the net assets acquired. The goodwill related to the 2020 acquisitions is generated from the operational synergies and cross-selling opportunities we expect to receive from the technologies acquired. ne of the goodwill related to these acquisitions is expected to be deductible for tax purposes. 

Current assets 

Intangible assets subject to amortization: 

Technology 

Trademarks and trade names 

Customer relationships 

Goodwill 

Other assets 

Total assets acquired 

Current liabilities 

Deferred income taxes 

Total liabilities assumed 

Net assets acquired 

In the year ended December 31, 2021, we adjusted the preliminary fair values of the 2020 acquisitions. The adjustments primarily related to the customer relationships intangible assets and the related deferred income tax liability as we refined our estimates by analyzing historical purchasing patterns of existing customers. The adjustment did not result in a significant change to intangible asset amortization expense recognized in the year ended December 31, 2021 that would have been recognized in the previous period if the adjustment were recognized as of the acquisition date. In addition, we revised our estimates related to net operating loss carryforwards based on updated tax calculations which reduced our deferred income tax liability and goodwill correspondingly. There were no other significant adjustments during the year ended December 31, 2021. The weighted average amortization period selected for technology, trademarks and trade names, and customer relationships related to the 2020 acquisitions were years, years, and years, respectively. We have not included pro forma information and certain other information under GAAP for these acquisitions because they did not have a material impact on our financial position or results of operations. 

Accumulated impairment losses 

() 

() 

- 

() 

Purchase accounting adjustments 

Other acquisitions 

- 

- 

Currency translation 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Goodwill 

Accumulated impairment losses 

() 

() 

- 

() 

Purchase accounting adjustments 

- 

- 

Other acquisitions 

- 

- 

Currency translation 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Impairment 

- 

() 

- 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

Goodwill 

Accumulated impairment losses 

() 

() 

- 

() 

- 

As discussed further in Note 10, we purchased a privately held sternal closure company during the year ended December 31, 2022, resulting in additional goodwill in 2022. We perform our annual test of goodwill impairment in the fourth quarter of every year. In connection with the annual goodwill impairment test in the fourth quarter of 2022, we estimated the fair value of our Americas Orthopedics, Americas CMFT, and EMEA reporting units using the income and market approaches. In the annual 2022 test, each of the Americas Orthopedics and Americas CMFT reporting units exceeded their carrying values by more than 35 percent. We determined the goodwill related to our EMEA reporting unit was fully impaired and recognized an impairment charge of million for the year ended December 31, 2022. We performed a qualitative test on our Asia Pacific reporting unit and concluded it was more likely than not the fair value of this reporting unit exceeded its carrying value. The impairment charge of million in our EMEA reporting unit was primarily due to the impacts from macroeconomic factors. The weakening of major foreign currencies in our EMEA reporting unit against the U.S. Dollar significantly impacted forecasted cash flows used in our analysis. For the EMEA reporting unit, operating expenses do not decline proportionally to revenue as many inventory-related and certain expenses are based on the U.S. Dollar. In addition, inflationary pressures have also caused our forecasted expenses to increase. Furthermore, our discounted cash flows utilized a higher risk-adjusted discount rate for the 2022 impairment test when compared to the 2021 test, primarily due to central banks raising interest rates in 2022 and increased country-specific risk due to macroeconomic factors and risks the region faces. We had previously taken goodwill impairment charges related to this reporting unit in prior years so when these negative macroeconomic factors occurred in 2022, the remaining goodwill was determined to be fully impaired. We estimated the fair value of the Americas Orthopedics, Americas CMFT, and EMEA reporting units based on income and market approaches. Fair value under the income approach was determined by discounting to present value the estimated future cash flows of the reporting unit. Fair value under the market approach utilized the guideline public company methodology, which uses valuation indicators from publicly-traded companies that are similar to our reporting units and considers differences between our reporting unit and the comparable companies. In estimating the future cash flows of the reporting units, we utilized a combination of market and company-specific inputs that a market participant would use in assessing the fair value of the reporting units. The primary market input was revenue growth rates. These rates were based upon historical trends and estimated future growth drivers such as an aging global population, obesity and more active lifestyles. Significant company-specific inputs included assumptions regarding how the reporting units could leverage operating expenses as revenue grows and the impact any of our differentiated products or new products will have on revenues. Under the guideline public company methodology, we took into consideration specific risk differences between our reporting unit and the comparable companies, such as recent financial performance, size risks and product portfolios, among other considerations. We will continue to monitor the fair value of our reporting units in our interim and annual reporting periods. If our estimated cash flows decrease, we may have to record further impairment charges in the future. Factors that could result in our cash flows being lower than our current estimates include: 1) additional recurrence of the COVID-19 virus, including variants, causing hospitals to defer elective surgical procedures, 2) decreased revenues caused by unforeseen changes in the healthcare market, or our inability to generate new product revenue from our research and development activities, 3) our inability to achieve the estimated operating margins in our forecasts from our restructuring programs, cost saving initiatives, and other unforeseen factors, and 4) the weakening of foreign currencies against the U.S. Dollar. Additionally, changes in the broader economic environment could cause changes to our estimated discount rates and comparable company valuation indicators, which may impact our estimated fair values. During the year ended December 31, 2020, we recorded a goodwill charge related to our EMEA reporting unit of million. The impairment charge was primarily due to the COVID-19 pandemic and a reportable segment change. The COVID-19 pandemic had a significant adverse effect on both the operational and non-operational assumptions used to estimate the fair value of our EMEA reporting unit. The significant decline in our share price and that of most other publicly-traded companies resulted in us utilizing a higher risk-adjusted discount rate compared to the rate used in the previous annual goodwill impairment test to discount our future estimated cash flows to present value. On an operational basis, due to the deferral of elective surgical procedures, we estimated that our cash flows would be significantly lower than previously estimated in the prior annual goodwill impairment test. The change in reportable segments resulted in additional impairment due to additional assets being allocated to the EMEA reporting unit. The fair value for the 2020 impairment charge was estimated using income and market approaches similar to the 2022 test. 

- 

Accumulated amortization 

() 

() 

() 

() 

- 

() 

() 

Intangible assets not subject to amortization: 

Gross carrying amount 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Total identifiable intangible assets 

As of December 31, 2021: 

Intangible assets subject to amortization: 

Gross carrying amount 

- 

Accumulated amortization 

() 

() 

() 

() 

- 

() 

() 

Intangible assets not subject to amortization: 

Gross carrying amount 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Total identifiable intangible assets 

We recognized IPR D intangible asset impairment charges of million, million and million in the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, in Goodwill and intangible asset impairment on our consolidated statements of earnings. These impairments were the result of terminated projects or delays and additional costs related to a project. Since these projects had a low probability of success or were not a priority, their terminations are not expected to have a significant impact on our future cash flows. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Salaries, wages and benefits 

Litigation and product liability 

Customer rebates 

Accrued liabilities 

Total other current liabilities 

Senior Notes due 2022 

- 

Euro Notes due 2022 

- 

Japan Term Loan A 

- 

Japan Term Loan B 

- 

Short-Term Term Loan 

- 

2022 Five-Year Credit Agreement 

- 

Senior Notes due 2023 

- 

Total short-term debt 

Long-term debt 

Senior Notes due 2023 

- 

Senior Notes due 2024 

Senior Notes due 2025 

Senior Notes due 2026 

Senior Notes due 2030 

Senior Notes due 2031 

Senior Notes due 2035 

Senior Notes due 2039 

Senior Notes due 2045 

Euro Notes due 2026 

Euro Notes due 2027 

Debt discount and issuance costs 

() 

() 

Adjustment related to interest rate swaps 

() 

() 

Total long-term debt 

At December 31, 2022, our total current and non-current debt of billion consisted of billion aggregate principal amount of senior notes, which included billion of Euro-denominated senior notes Euro notes ), an million borrowing under the Short-Term Term Loan, and million of outstanding borrowings under the 2022 Five-Year Revolving Facility (defined below), partially offset by fair value adjustments relating to interest rate swaps totaling million and debt discount and issuance costs of million. On December 13, 2022 , we used cash on hand, including the Short-Term Term Loan proceeds of million and borrowings under our 2022 Five-Year Revolving Facility, to redeem the full million outstanding principal amount of our Euro Notes due 2022. On September 22, 2022, we used cash on hand to repay the full billion and billion outstanding principal amounts of our Japanese Term Loan A and Japanese Term Loan B, respectively. On August 31, 2022, we borrowed an aggregate principal amount of million under the Short-Term Term Loan with a third-party financial institution, the proceeds of which were used to redeem a portion of the Euro Notes that matured on . As more fully described in Note 3, the Short-Term Term Loan was settled in February 2023. On March 18, 2022, we redeemed the full million outstanding principal amount of our Senior Notes due April 1, 2022. A million draw under the 2021 Five-Year Revolving Facility (as defined below), together with cash on hand, were used to redeem these notes. million of this cash on hand came from the dividend paid by ZimVie to Zimmer Biomet at separation. In 2021, we redeemed the million outstanding principal amount of our Floating Rate Notes due 2021 and the million outstanding principal amount of our Senior Notes due 2021, in each case at a redemption price equal to of the aggregate principal amount of the senior notes being redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest. On November 24, 2021, we completed the offering of million aggregate principal amount of our Senior Notes due and million aggregate principal amount of our Senior Notes due . Interest is payable on the Senior Notes due 2024 on May 22 and November 22 of each year until maturity. Interest is payable on the Senior Notes due 2031 on May 24 and November 24 of each year until maturity. We received net proceeds of million. On November 15, 2021, we commenced cash tender offers to purchase certain outstanding senior notes. The proceeds from the senior notes offering described above, together with cash on hand, were used to pay for the senior notes purchased in the cash tender offers. The cash tender offers resulted in the following principal amount of the notes tendered: million of the Senior Notes due 2023, million of the Senior Notes due 2025, and million of the Senior Notes due 2030. As a result, we recorded a loss on the extinguishment of debt in the amount of million in our consolidated statement of earnings for the year ended December 31, 2021. The components of this loss were the reacquisition price of million minus the carrying value of the debt of million (including debt discount and issuance costs) plus debt tender fees of million minus a gain of million on a reverse treasury lock that we entered into to offset any increases or decreases to the premium associated with the tender offer from the date we entered into the lock. On August 19, 2022, we entered into a new five-year revolving credit agreement (the 2022 Five-Year Credit Agreement and a new 364-day revolving credit agreement (the 2022 364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement ), as described below. Borrowings under these credit agreements will be used for general corporate purposes. The 2022 Five-Year Credit Agreement contains a unsecured revolving facility of billion (the 2022 Five-Year Revolving Facility ). The 2022 Five-Year Credit Agreement replaces the previous revolving credit agreement (the 2021 Five-Year Credit Agreement ), which contained a five-year unsecured multicurrency revolving facility of billion (the 2021 Five-Year Revolving Facility ). There were borrowings outstanding under the 2021 Five-Year Credit Agreement at the time it was terminated. The 2022 Five-Year Credit Agreement will mature on , with two one-year extensions exercisable at our discretion and subject to required lender consent. The 2022 Five-Year Credit Agreement also includes an uncommitted incremental feature allowing us to request an increase of the facility by an aggregate amount of up to million . Borrowings under the 2022 Five-Year Credit Agreement bear interest at floating rates, based upon either an adjusted term secured overnight financing rate Term SOFR for the applicable interest period or an alternate base rate, in each case, plus an applicable margin determined by reference to our senior unsecured long-term debt credit rating. We pay a facility fee on the aggregate amount of the 2022 Five-Year Revolving Facility at a rate determined by reference to our senior unsecured long-term debt credit rating. The 2022 Five-Year Credit Agreement contains customary affirmative and negative covenants and events of default for unsecured financing arrangements, including, among other things, limitations on consolidations, mergers, and sales of assets. The 2022 Five-Year Credit Agreement also requires us to maintain a consolidated indebtedness to consolidated EBITDA ratio of no greater than to as of the last day of any period of four consecutive fiscal quarters (with such ratio subject to increase to to for a period of time in connection with a qualified material acquisition and certain other restrictions). We were in compliance with all covenants under the 2022 Five-Year Credit Agreement as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, there were outstanding borrowings of million under the 2022 Five-Year Revolving Facility. We elected short-term interest periods on these outstanding borrowings. The 2022 364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement is an unsecured revolving credit facility in the principal amount of billion (the 2022 364-Day Revolving Facility ). The 2022 364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement replaced a credit agreement entered into on August 20, 2021, which was also a 364- day unsecured revolving credit facility of billion (the 2021 364-Day Revolving Facility ). There were no borrowings outstanding under the 2021 364-Day Revolving Facility when it was terminated. The 2022 364-Day Revolving Facility will mature on . Borrowings under the 2022 364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement bear interest at floating rates based upon either an adjusted Term SOFR for the applicable interest period or an alternate base rate, in each case, plus an applicable margin determined by reference to our senior unsecured long-term debt credit rating. We pay a facility fee on the aggregate amount of the 2022 364-Day Revolving Facility at a rate determined by reference to our senior unsecured long-term debt credit rating. The 2022 364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement contains customary affirmative and negative covenants and events of default for an unsecured financing arrangement including, among other things, limitations on consolidations, mergers, and sales of assets. The 2022 364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement also requires us to maintain a consolidated indebtedness to consolidated EBITDA ratio of no greater than to as of the last day of any period of four consecutive fiscal quarters (with such ratio subject to increase to to in connection with a qualified material acquisition and certain other restrictions). We were in compliance with all covenants under the 2022 364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, there were no outstanding borrowings under the 2022 364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement. The estimated fair value of our senior notes, which includes our Euro notes, as of December 31, 2022 , based on quoted prices for the specific securities from transactions in over-the-counter markets (Level 2), was million. T he carrying value of the outstanding million principal balance of the 2022 Five-Year Revolving Facility and million Short-Term Term Loan approximates their fair value as they bear interest at short-term market rates. At December 31, 2022 and 2021 , the weighted average interest rate for our borrowings was percent and percent, respectively. We paid million, million, and million in interest during 2022, 2021, and 2020 , respectively. 

 Our AOCI is comprised of foreign currency translation adjustments, unrealized gains and losses on cash flow hedges, and amortization of prior service costs and unrecognized gains and losses in actuarial assumptions on our defined benefit plans. Foreign currency translation adjustments are reclassified to net earnings upon sale or upon a complete or substantially complete liquidation of an investment in a foreign entity. Unrealized gains and losses on cash flow hedges are reclassified to net earnings when the hedged item affects net earnings. Amounts related to defined benefit plans that are in AOCI are reclassified over the service periods of employees in the plan. See Note 16 for more information on our defined benefit plans.) 

() 

() 

AOCI before reclassifications 

() 

Reclassifications to statements of earnings 

- 

() 

() 

() 

Spinoff of ZimVie Inc. 

- 

- 

Reclassifications of net investment hedges to retained earnings 

- 

- 

Balance December 31, 2022 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Cost of products sold 

Forward starting interest rate swaps 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Interest expense, net 

() 

Total before tax 

() 

Provision (benefit) for income taxes 

() 

Net of tax 

Defined benefit plans 

Settlements, Prior service cost and unrealized actuarial gain (loss) 

() 

() 
 
 Other (expense) income, net 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Provision (benefit) for income taxes 

() 

() 
 
 Net of tax 

Total reclassifications 

() 

Net of tax 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Unrealized cash flow hedge gains (losses) 

() 

() 

() 

Reclassification adjustments on cash flow hedges 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Adjustments to prior service cost and unrecognized actuarial assumptions 

() 

() 

() 

Total Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

() 

() 

() 

() 

billion of fixed-to-variable interest rate swaps that we have designated as fair value hedges of billion of our fixed rate debt obligations. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the following amounts were recorded on our consolidated balance sheets related to cumulative basis adjustments for fair value hedges (in millions): 

() 

() 

Derivatives Designated as Cash Flow Hedges In 2014, we entered into forward starting interest rate swaps that were designated as cash flow hedges of our tranche of senior notes (the Senior Notes due 2045) we expected to issue in 2015. The forward starting interest rate swaps mitigated the risk of changes in interest rates prior to the completion of the notes offering. The interest rate swaps were settled, and the remaining loss to be recognized at December 31, 2022 was million, which will be recognized using the effective interest rate method over the remaining maturity period of the hedged notes. Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk We operate on a global basis and are exposed to the risk that our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected by changes in foreign currency exchange rates. To reduce the potential effects of foreign currency exchange rate movements on net earnings, we enter into derivative financial instruments in the form of foreign currency exchange forward contracts with major financial institutions. We also designated our Euro notes and other foreign currency exchange forward contracts as net investment hedges of investments in foreign subsidiaries. We are primarily exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risk with respect to transactions and net assets denominated in Euros, Swiss Francs, Japanese Yen, British Pounds, Canadian Dollars, Australian Dollars, Korean Won, Swedish Krona, Czech Koruna, Thai Baht, Taiwan Dollars, South African Rand, Russian Rubles, Indian Rupees, Turkish Lira, Polish Zloty, Danish Krone, and Norwegian Krone. We do not use derivative financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes. Derivatives Designated as Net Investment Hedges We are exposed to the impact of foreign exchange rate fluctuations in the investments in our wholly-owned foreign subsidiaries that are denominated in currencies other than the U.S. Dollar. In order to mitigate the volatility in foreign exchange rates, we issued Euro notes in December 2016 and November 2019 and designated percent of the Euro notes to hedge our net investment in certain wholly-owned foreign subsidiaries that have a functional currency of Euro. All changes in the fair value of the hedging instrument designated as a net investment hedge are recorded as a component of AOCI in our consolidated balance sheets. At December 31, 2022, we had receive-fixed-rate, pay-fixed-rate cross-currency interest rate swaps with notional amounts outstanding of Euro million, Japanese Yen billion and Swiss Franc million. These transactions further hedge our net investment in certain wholly-owned foreign subsidiaries that have a functional currency of Euro, Japanese Yen and Swiss Franc. All changes in the fair value of a derivative instrument designated as a net investment hedge are recorded as a component of AOCI in the consolidated balance sheets. The portion of this change related to the excluded component will be amortized into earnings over the life of the derivative while the remainder will be recorded in AOCI until the hedged net investment is sold or substantially eliminated. We recognize the excluded component in interest expense, net on our consolidated statements of earnings. The net cash received related to the receive-fixed-rate, pay-fixed-rate component of the cross-currency interest rate swaps is reflected in investing cash flows in our consolidated statements of cash flows. In the year ended December 31, 2022, Euro million of these cross-currency interest rate swaps matured at a gain of million. In the year ended December 31, 2022, billion of these cross-currency swaps were terminated at a gain of million . The settlement of these gains with the counterparties is reflected in investing cash flows in our consolidated statements of cash flows and will remain in AOCI on our consolidated balance sheet until the hedged net investment is sold or substantially liquidated. Derivatives Designated as Cash Flow Hedges Our revenues are generated in various currencies throughout the world. However, a significant amount of our inventory is produced in U.S. Dollars. Therefore, movements in foreign currency exchange rates may have different proportional effects on our revenues compared to our cost of products sold. To minimize the effects of foreign currency exchange rate movements on cash flows, we hedge intercompany sales of inventory expected to occur within the next months with foreign currency exchange forward contracts. We designate these derivative instruments as cash flow hedges. We perform quarterly assessments of hedge effectiveness by verifying and documenting the critical terms of the hedge instrument and confirming that forecasted transactions have not changed significantly. We also assess on a quarterly basis whether there have been adverse developments regarding the risk of a counterparty default. For derivatives which qualify as hedges of future cash flows, the gains and losses are temporarily recorded in AOCI and then recognized in cost of products sold when the hedged item affects net earnings. On our consolidated statements of cash flows, the settlements of these cash flow hedges are recognized in operating cash flows. For foreign currency exchange forward contracts outstanding at December 31, 2022, we had obligations to purchase U.S. Dollars and sell Euros, Japanese Yen, British Pounds, Canadian Dollars, Australian Dollars, Korean Won, Swedish Krona, Czech Koruna, Thai Baht, Taiwan Dollars, South African Rand, Russian Rubles, Indian Rupees, Polish Zloty, Danish Krone, and Norwegian Krone and obligations to purchase Swiss Francs and sell U.S. Dollars. These derivatives mature at dates ranging from January 2023 through June 2025. As of December 31, 2022 , the notional amounts of outstanding forward contracts entered into with third parties to purchase U.S. Dollars were million. As of December 31, 2022 , the notional amounts of outstanding forward contracts entered into with third parties to purchase Swiss Francs were million. Derivatives Not Designated as Hedging Instruments We enter into foreign currency forward exchange contracts with terms of one to three months to manage currency exposures for monetary assets and liabilities denominated in a currency other than an entity s functional currency. Any foreign currency re-measurement gains/losses recognized in earnings are generally offset with gains/losses on the foreign currency forward exchange contracts in the same reporting period. The amount of these gains/losses is recorded in other (expense) income, net. Outstanding contracts are recorded on the balance sheet at fair value as of the end of the reporting period. The notional amounts of these contracts are typically in a range of billion to billion per quarter. As discussed in Note 13, in 2021 we entered into a reverse treasury lock related to our bond tender offer to offset any increases or decreases to the premium associated with the tender offer from the date we entered into the lock. We recognized a gain of million that was included in the loss on early extinguishment of debt. As discussed in Note 3, we entered into the Forward Exchange Agreement as part of our pledge to transfer our ZimVie shares to a third-party financial institution, which occurred in February 2023. Income Statement Presentation Derivatives Designated as Cash Flow Hedges 

() 
 
 Cost of products sold 

() 

Forward starting interest rate swaps 

- 

- 

- 

Interest expense, net 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

The fair value of outstanding derivative instruments designated as cash flow hedges and recorded on the consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2022 , together with settled derivatives where the hedged item has not yet affected earnings, was a net unrealized gain of million, or million after taxes, which is deferred in AOCI. A gain of million, or million after taxes, is expected to be reclassified to earnings in cost of products sold and a loss of million, or million after taxes, is expected to be reclassified to earnings in interest expense, net over the next twelve months. 

() 

() 

() 

The effects of fair value, cash flow and net investment hedging: 

Gain (loss) on fair value hedging relationships 

Discontinued interest rate swaps 
 
 - 

- 

- 

- 

Interest rate swaps 
 
 - 

() 

- 

- 

- 

Gain (loss) on cash flow hedging relationships 

Foreign exchange forward contracts 

- 

() 

- 

- 

Forward starting interest rate swaps 
 
 - 

() 

- 

() 

- 

() 

Gain on net investment hedging relationships 

Cross-currency interest rate swaps 
 
 - 

- 

- 

Derivatives Not Designated as Hedging Instruments) 

() 

Forward Exchange Agreement 
 
 Other (expense) income, net 

- 

- 

Reverse treasury lock 
 
 Loss on early extinguishment of debt 

- 

- 

These gains/(losses) do not reflect gains of million and losses of million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, recognized in other (expense) income, net as a result of foreign currency re-measurement of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in a currency other than an entity s functional currency. Balance Sheet Presentation As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, all derivative instruments designated as fair value hedges, cash flow hedges and net investment hedges are recorded at fair value on our consolidated balance sheets. On our consolidated balance sheets, we recognize individual forward contracts with the same counterparty on a net asset/liability basis if we have a master netting agreement with the counterparty. Under these master netting agreements, we are able to settle derivative instrument assets and liabilities with the same counterparty in a single transaction, instead of settling each derivative instrument separately. We have master netting agreements with all of our counterparties. 

Other current assets 

Cross-currency interest rate swaps 
 
 Other current assets 

Other current assets 

Foreign exchange forward contracts 
 
 Other assets 

Other assets 

Cross-currency interest rate swaps 
 
 Other assets 

- 

Other assets 

Total asset derivatives 

Asset Derivatives Not Designated as Hedges 

Foreign exchange forward contracts 
 
 Other current assets 

Other current assets 

Forward Exchange Agreement 
 
 Other current assets 

- 

Total asset derivatives not designated as hedges 

Liability Derivatives Designated as Hedges 

Foreign exchange forward contracts 
 
 Other current liabilities 

Other current liabilities 

Cross-currency interest rate swaps 
 
 Other current liabilities 

Other current liabilities 

Foreign exchange forward contracts 
 
 Other long-term liabilities 

Other long-term liabilities 

Cross-currency interest rate swaps 
 
 Other long-term liabilities 

Other long-term liabilities 

Interest rate swaps 
 
 Other long-term liabilities 

Other long-term liabilities 

Total liability derivatives 

Liability Derivatives Not Designated as Hedges 

Foreign exchange forward contracts 
 
 Other current liabilities 

Other current liabilities 

Cash flow hedges 
 
 Other assets 

Derivatives not designated as hedges 
 
 Other current assets 

Liability Derivatives 

Cash flow hedges 
 
 Other current liabilities 

Cash flow hedges 
 
 Other long-term liabilities 

Derivatives not designated as hedges 
 
 Other current liabilities 

() 

Cross-currency interest rate swaps 

() 

() 

Defined Benefit Plans 

Interest cost 

Expected return on plan assets 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Settl ements 

- 

() 

() 

Amortization of prior service cost 

() 

() 

() 

Amortization of unrecognized actuarial loss 

Net periodic (income) benefit expense 

() 

() 

() 

In our consolidated statements of earnings, service cost is reported in the same location as other compensation costs arising from services rendered by the pertinent employees while the other components of net pension expense are reported in other (expense) income, net. 

Rate of compensation increase 
 
 - 

- 

- 

Expected long-term rate of return on plan assets 

The expected long-term rate of return on plan assets is based on the historical and estimated future rates of return on the different asset classes held in the plans. The expected long-term rate of return is the weighted average of the target asset allocation of each individual asset class. We believe that historical asset results approximate expected market returns applicable to the funding of a long-term benefit obligation. Discount rates were determined for each of our defined benefit retirement plans at their measurement date to reflect the yield of a portfolio of high quality bonds matched against the timing and amounts of projected future benefit payments. 

Service cost 

Interest cost 

Employee contributions 

- 

- 

Benefits paid 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Actuarial loss 

() 

() 

Expenses paid 

- 

- 

() 

() 

Settlement 

- 

() 

() 

() 

Translation (gain) loss 

- 

- 

() 

() 

Projected benefit obligation - end of year 

Actual return on plan assets 

() 

() 

Employer contributions 

Employee contributions 

- 

- 

Settlements 

- 

() 

() 

() 

Benefits paid 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Expenses paid 

- 

- 

() 

() 

Translation (loss) gain 

- 

- 

() 

() 

Plan assets at fair market value - end of year 

Funded status 

() 

Short-term accrued benefit liability 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Long-term accrued benefit liability 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Net amount recognized 

() 

Rate of compensation increase 

- 

- 

- 

Plan assets at fair market value 

- 

Plans with accumulated benefit obligations in excess of plan assets: 

Accumulated benefit obligation 

Plan assets at fair market value 

- 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028-2032 

The U.S. and Puerto Rico defined benefit retirement plans overall investment strategy is to balance total returns by emphasizing long-term growth of capital while mitigating risk. We have established target ranges of assets held by the plans of to percent for equity securities, to percent for debt securities and to percent in non-traditional investments. The plans strive to have sufficiently diversified assets so that adverse or unexpected results from one asset class will not have an unduly detrimental impact on the entire portfolio. We regularly review the investments in the plans and we may rebalance them from time-to-time based upon the target asset allocation of the plans. For the U.S. and Puerto Rico plans, we maintain an investment policy statement that guides the investment allocation in the plans. The investment policy statement describes the target asset allocation positions described above. Our benefits committee, along with our investment advisor, monitor compliance with and administer the investment policy statement and the plans assets and oversee the general investment strategy and objectives of the plans. Our benefits committee generally meets quarterly to review performance. The investment strategies of foreign based plans vary according to the plan provisions and local laws. The majority of the assets in foreign based plans are located in Switzerland-based plans. These assets are held in trusts and are commingled with the assets of other Swiss companies with representatives of all the companies making the investment decisions. The overall strategy is to maximize total returns while avoiding risk. The trustees of the assets have established target ranges of assets held by the plans of to percent in debt securities, to percent in equity securities, to percent in real estate, to percent in cash funds and to percent in other funds. 

- 

- 

Equity securities 

- 

- 

Intermediate fixed income securities 

- 

- 

Total 

- 

As of December 31, 2021 

Fair Value Measurements at Reporting Date Using: 

Asset Category 
 
 Total 

Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) 

Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) 

Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) 

Cash and cash equivalents 

- 

- 

Equity securities 

- 

- 

Intermediate fixed income securities 

- 

- 

Total 

- 

- 

- 

Equity securities 

- 

Fixed income securities 

- 

- 

Other types of investments 

- 

- 

Real estate 

- 

- 

Total 

As of December 31, 2021 

Fair Value Measurements at Reporting Date Using: 

Asset Category 
 
 Total 

Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) 

Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) 

Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) 

Cash and cash equivalents 

- 

- 

Equity securities 

- 

Fixed income securities 

- 

- 

Other types of investments 

- 

- 

Real estate 

- 

- 

Total 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, our defined benefit pension plans assets did not hold any direct investment in Zimmer Biomet Holdings common stock. Equity securities are valued using a market approach, based on quoted prices for the specific security from transactions in active exchange markets (Level 1), or in some cases where we are invested in mutual or collective funds, based upon the net asset value per unit of the fund which is determined from quoted market prices of the underlying securities in the fund s portfolio (Level 2). Fixed income securities are valued using a market approach, based upon quoted prices for the specific security or from institutional bid evaluations. Real estate is valued by discounting to present value the cash flows expected to be generated by the specific properties. 

Change in fair value of assets 

Net purchases and sales 

() 

Translation gain 

() 

Ending Balance 

We expect that we will have minimal legally required funding requirements in 2023 for the qualified U.S. and Puerto Rico defined benefit retirement plans, and we do not expect to voluntarily contribute to these plans during 2023. Contributions to foreign defined benefit plans are estimated to be million in 2023. We do not expect the assets in any of our plans to be returned to us in the next year. Defined Contribution Plans We also sponsor defined contribution plans for substantially all of the U.S. and Puerto Rico employees and certain employees in other countries. The benefits offered under these plans are reflective of local customs and practices in the countries concerned. We expensed million, million and million related to these plans for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 , respectively. 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

United States operations 

() 

() 

() 

Foreign operations 

Total 

() 

() 

State 

Foreign 

() 

() 

() 

Deferred: 

Federal 

() 

() 

() 

State 

() 

() 

Foreign 

() 

() 

Provision (benefit) for income taxes 

() 

Net income taxes paid 

State taxes, net of federal deduction 

() 

Tax impact of foreign operations, including U.S. taxes on international income and foreign tax credits 

() 

() 

Change in valuation allowance 

() 

Non-deductible expenses 

() 

Goodwill impairment 

- 

() 

Tax rate change 

Tax impact of certain significant transactions 

- 

Tax benefit relating to foreign derived intangible income and U.S. manufacturer s deduction 

() 

R D tax credit 

() 

() 

Share-based compensation 

() 

() 

Net uncertain tax positions, including interest and penalties 

() 

Switzerland tax reform and certain restructuring transactions 

- 

- 

Other 

() 

() 

() 

Effective income tax rate 

Our operations in Puerto Rico benefit from a tax incentive grant which expires in fiscal year 2026. Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. Valuation allowances are recorded to reduce deferred income tax assets when it is more likely than not that an income tax benefit will not be realized. We reclassified certain prior period amounts to conform to the current period presentation. 

Net operating loss carryover 

Tax credit carryover 

Capital loss carryover 

Product liability and litigation 

Accrued liabilities 

Share-based compensation 

Accounts receivable 

Research and development 

- 

Other 

Total deferred tax assets 

Less: Valuation allowances 

() 

() 

Total deferred tax assets after valuation allowances 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Fixed assets 

Intangible assets 

Foreign currency items 

Other 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

Total net deferred income taxes 

() 

() 

6-10 years 

- 

11+ years 

- 

Indefinite 

Valuation allowances 

The remaining valuation allowances booked against deferred tax assets of million relate primarily to accrued liabilities and intangible assets that management believes, more likely than not, will not be realized. We generally intend to limit distributions from foreign subsidiaries to earnings previously taxed in the U.S., primarily as a result of the transition tax or tax on Global Intangible Low-Taxed Income GILTI ), as we would not be subject to further U.S. federal tax. In addition to the previously taxed earnings, we have intercompany notes available to repatriate. We have not provided deferred taxes on any other outside basis differences in our investments in other foreign subsidiaries as these other outside basis differences are indefinitely reinvested in the operations of our foreign entities. If we decide at a later date to repatriate these earnings to the U.S., we would be required to provide for the net tax effects on these amounts. We estimate that the total tax effect of a potential repatriation would not be significant under current enacted tax laws and regulations and at current currency exchange rates. 

Increases related to prior periods 

Decreases related to prior periods 

() 

() 

() 

Increases related to current period 

Decreases related to settlements with taxing authorities 

() 

() 

() 

Decreases related to lapse of statute of limitations 

() 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31 

Amounts impacting effective tax rate, if recognized balance at December 31 

We recognize accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. During 2022, we accrued interest and penalties of million, and as of December 31, 2022, had a recognized liability for interest and penalties of million, which does not include any increase related to business combinations. During 2021, we accrued interest and penalties of million, and as of December 31, 2021 had a recognized liability for interest and penalties of million, which does not include any increase related to business combinations. During 2020, we released interest and penalties of million, and as of December 31, 2020, had a recognized liability for interest and penalties of million, which does not include any increase related to business combinations. We operate on a global basis and are subject to numerous and complex tax laws and regulations. Additionally, tax laws have and continue to undergo rapid changes in both application and interpretation by various countries, including initiatives led by the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development. Our income tax filings are subject to examinations by taxing authorities throughout the world. Income tax audits may require an extended period of time to reach resolution and may result in significant income tax adjustments when interpretation of tax laws or allocation of company profits is disputed. Although ultimate timing is uncertain, the net amount of tax liability for unrecognized tax benefits may change within the next twelve months due to changes in audit status, expiration of statutes of limitations, settlements of tax assessments and other events. Management s best estimate of such change is within the range of a million decrease to a million increase. We are under continuous audit by the Internal Revenue Service IRS and other taxing authorities. During the course of these audits, we receive proposed adjustments from taxing authorities that may be material. Therefore, there is a possibility that an adverse outcome in these audits could have a material effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Our U.S. federal income tax returns have been audited through 2015 and are currently under audit for years 2016-2019. In October 2020, we reached agreement with the IRS for tax years 2006-2012 primarily related to the reallocation of profits between the U.S. and Puerto Rico. The IRS has proposed adjustments for tax years 2010-2012, primarily related to the reallocation of profits between certain U.S. and foreign subsidiaries, which remain unsettled. We have disputed these adjustments and intend to continue to vigorously defend our positions as we pursue resolution through the administrative process with the IRS Independent Office of Appeals. The IRS has proposed adjustments for tax years 2013-2015 related to transfer pricing involving our cost sharing agreement between the U.S. and Switzerland affiliated companies and the reallocation of profits between certain U.S. and foreign subsidiaries. This includes a proposed increase to our U.S. federal taxable income related to our cost sharing agreement, which would result in additional tax expense related to 2013 of approximately million, subject to interest and penalties. We strongly believe that the position of the IRS, with regard to this matter, is inconsistent with the applicable U.S. Treasury regulations governing our cost sharing agreement. We intend to vigorously contest the adjustment, and we will pursue all available administrative and, if necessary, judicial remedies. If we pursue judicial remedies in the U.S. Tax Court for years 2013-2015, a number of years will likely elapse before such matters are finally resolved. No payment of any amount related to this matter is required to be made, if at all, until all applicable proceedings have been completed. A public referendum held in Switzerland passed the Federal Act on Tax Reform and AHV Financing TRAF ), effective January 1, 2020. The TRAF provides transitional relief measures for companies that are losing the tax benefit of a ruling, including a step-up for amortizable goodwill, equal to the amount of future tax benefit they would have received under their existing ruling, subject to certain limitations. This resulted in recording a deferred tax asset for future deductions of tax goodwill. In 2022, we reached final agreement with Swiss authorities for certain tax years, resulting in an increase of the TRAF deferred tax asset and a corresponding net million tax benefit. We also recognized a net million tax benefit associated with closing certain tax years. State income tax returns are generally subject to examination for a period of to after filing of the respective return. The state impact of any federal changes generally remains subject to examination by various states for a period of after formal notification to the states. We have various state income tax return positions in the process of examination, administrative appeals, or litigation. In other major jurisdictions, open years are generally 2016 or later. 

million shares of preferred stock, ne of which were issued or outstanding as of December 31, 2022. The numerator for both basic and diluted earnings per share is net earnings available to common stockholders. The denominator for basic earnings per share is the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. The denominator for diluted earnings per share is weighted average shares outstanding adjusted for the effect of dilutive stock options and other equity awards. 

Effect of dilutive stock options and other equity awards 

- 

Weighted average shares outstanding for diluted net earnings per share 

million options and million options, respectively, to purchase shares of common stock were not included in the computation of diluted earnings per share as the exercise prices of these options were greater than the average market price of the common stock. Since we incurred a net loss in the year ended December 31, 2020, dilutive stock options or other equity awards were included as diluted shares. 
 operating segments. These operating segments, which also constitute our reportable segments, are Americas; EMEA; and Asia Pacific. Our CODM evaluates performance based upon segment operating profit exclusive of operating expenses and income pertaining to certain inventory and manufacturing-related charges, intangible asset amortization, goodwill and intangible asset impairment, restructuring and other cost reduction initiatives, quality remediation, acquisition, integration, divestiture and related, litigation, certain European Union Medical Device Regulation expenses, certain research and development expenses, other charges and corporate functions (collectively referred to as Corporate items ). Corporate functions include corporate legal, finance, information technology, human resources and other corporate departments as well as stock-based compensation and certain operations, distribution, quality assurance and regulatory expenses. Intercompany transactions have been eliminated from segment operating profit. Our Americas operating segment is comprised principally of the U.S. and includes other North, Central and South American markets. This segment also includes research, development engineering, medical education, and brand management for our product category headquarter locations. Our EMEA operating segment is comprised principally of Europe and includes the Middle East and African markets. Our Asia Pacific operating segment is comprised principally of Japan, China and Australia and includes other Asian and Pacific markets. The EMEA and Asia Pacific operating segments include the commercial operations as well as regional headquarter expenses to operate in those markets. Since the Americas segment includes additional costs related to centralized product category headquarter expenses, profitability metrics in this operating segment are not comparable to the EMEA and Asia Pacific operating segments. Our CODM does not review asset information by operating segment. Instead, our CODM reviews cash flow and other financial ratios by operating segment. 

EMEA 

Asia Pacific 

Total 

Corporate items 

() 

() 

() 

Intangible asset amortization 

() 

() 

() 

Goodwill and intangible asset impairment 

() 

() 

() 

- 

- 

- 

Total 

Other countries 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

U.S. sales were million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 , respectively. Sales within any other individual country were of our consolidated sales in each of those years. Sales are attributable to a country based upon the customer's country of domicile. 

 months or less; with related parties; with residual value guarantees; that impose restrictions or covenants on us; or that have not yet commenced, but create significant rights and obligations against us. to and contain that can vary from month-to-month extensions to up to extensions. We include in our lease term if we are reasonably certain to exercise that option. In determining whether an extension is reasonably certain, we consider the uniqueness of the property for our needs, the availability of similar properties, whether the extension period payments remain the same or may change due to market rates or fixed price increases in the contract, and other economic factors. to and contain lease extension options on a month-to-month basis. Our vehicle leases are generally not reasonably certain to be extended. We are required to discount our lease liabilities to present value using the rate implicit in the lease, or our incremental borrowing rate for a similar term as the lease term if the implicit rate is not readily available. We generally do not have adequate information to know the implicit rate in a lease and therefore use our incremental borrowing rate. The incremental borrowing rate must be on a collateralized basis, but our debt arrangements are unsecured. We have determined our incremental borrowing rate by using our credit rating to estimate our unsecured borrowing rate and applying reasonable assumptions to reduce the unsecured rate for a risk adjustment effect from collateral. 

Cash paid for leases recognized in operating cash flows 

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new lease liabilities 

As of December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Right-of-use assets recognized in Other assets 

Lease liabilities recognized in Other current liabilities 

Lease liabilities recognized in Other long-term liabilities 

Weighted-average remaining lease term 

years 

years 

Weighted-average discount rate 

Our variable lease costs are not significant. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

Less imputed interest 

Total 

We are involved in various legal proceedings, including product liability, intellectual property, stockholder matters, tax disputes, commercial, employment, governmental proceedings and investigations, and other legal matters that arise in the normal course of our business, including those described below. On a quarterly and annual basis, we review relevant information with respect to loss contingencies and update our accruals, disclosures and estimates of reasonably possible losses or ranges of loss based on such reviews. We establish liabilities for loss contingencies on an undiscounted basis when it is probable that a loss has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. If the reasonable estimate of a known or probable loss is a range, and no amount within the range is a better estimate than any other, the minimum amount of the range is accrued. For matters where a loss is believed to be reasonably possible, but not probable, or if no reasonable estimate of known or probable loss is available, no accrual has been made. When determining the estimated loss or range of loss, significant judgment is required. Estimates of probable losses resulting from litigation and other contingences are inherently difficult to predict, particularly when the matters are in early procedural stages with incomplete facts or legal discovery, involve unsubstantiated or indeterminate claims for damages, and/or potentially involve penalties, fines or punitive damages. In addition to the matters described herein, we remain subject to the risk of future governmental, regulatory and legal actions. Governmental and regulatory actions may lead to product recalls, injunctions and other restrictions on our operations and monetary sanctions, which may include substantial civil or criminal penalties. Actions involving intellectual property could result in a loss of patent protection or the ability to market products, which could lead to significant sales reductions or cost increases, or otherwise materially affect the results of our operations. We recognize litigation-related charges and gains in Selling, general and administrative expense on our consolidated statement of earnings. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, we recognized million, million and million, respectively, of net litigation-related charges. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, accrued litigation liabilities were million and million, respectively. These litigation-related charges and accrued liabilities reflect all of our litigation-related contingencies and not just the matters discussed below. The ultimate cost of litigation could be materially different than the amount of the current estimates and accruals and could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. Litigation Durom Cup-related claims : On July 22, 2008, we temporarily suspended marketing and distribution of the Durom Cup in the U.S. Subsequently, a number of product liability lawsuits were filed against us in various U.S. and foreign jurisdictions. The plaintiffs seek damages for personal injury, and they generally allege that the Durom Cup contains defects that result in complications and revision of the device. We have settled the majority of these claims in the U.S., but other lawsuits are pending in various foreign jurisdictions and additional claims may be asserted in the future. The majority of claims outside the U.S. are pending in Germany, Netherlands and Italy. We rely on significant estimates in determining the provisions for Durom Cup-related claims, including our estimate of the number of claims that we will receive and the average amount we will pay per claim. The actual number of claims and the actual amount we pay per claim may differ from our estimates. For various reasons, we cannot reasonably estimate the possible loss or range of loss that may result from Durom Cup-related claims in excess of the losses we have accrued. Although we are vigorously defending these lawsuits, their ultimate resolution is uncertain. We accrued a litigation-related charge in this matter based on an estimate of the reasonably possible loss, as discussed above. Zimmer M/L Taper, M/L Taper with Kinectiv Technology, and Versys Femoral Head-related claims Metal Reaction claims) : We are a defendant in a number of product liability lawsuits relating to our M/L Taper and M/L Taper with Kinectiv Technology hip stems, and Versys Femoral Head implants. The plaintiffs seek damages for personal injury, alleging that defects in the products lead to corrosion at the head/stem junction resulting in, among other things, pain, inflammation and revision surgery. The majority of the cases are consolidated in an MDL that was created on October 3, 2018 in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York In Re: Zimmer M/L Taper Hip Prosthesis or M/L Taper Hip Prosthesis with Kinectiv Technology and Versys Femoral Head Products Liability Litigation ). Other related cases are pending in various state and federal courts, and additional lawsuits are likely to be filed. Although we are vigorously defending these lawsuits, their ultimate resolution is uncertain. We accrued a litigation-related charge in this matter based on an estimate of the reasonably possible loss, as discussed above. Biomet metal-on-metal hip implant claims : Biomet is a defendant in a number of product liability lawsuits relating to metal-on-metal hip implants, most of which involve the M2a-Magnum hip system. Cases were originally consolidated in an MDL in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Indiana (In Re: Biomet M2a Magnum Hip Implant Product Liability Litigation) , but the majority of the claims in the U.S. have been settled. Trials may still occur in the future, and although each case will be tried on its particular facts, a verdict and subsequent final judgment for the plaintiff in one or more of these cases could have a substantial impact on our potential liability. Lawsuits are pending in various foreign jurisdictions and additional claims are expected to be asserted. We continue to refine our estimates of the potential liability to resolve the remaining claims and lawsuits. Although we are vigorously defending these lawsuits, their ultimate resolution is uncertain. We accrued a litigation-related charge in this matter based on an estimate of the reasonably possible loss, as discussed above. Regulatory Matters, Government Investigations and Other Matters FDA warning letter: In August 2018, we received a warning letter from the FDA related to observed non-conformities with current good manufacturing practice requirements of the Quality System Regulation (21 CFR Part 820) QSR at our legacy Biomet manufacturing facility in Warsaw, Indiana (this facility is sometimes referred to in this report as the Warsaw North Campus ). We have provided detailed responses to the FDA as to our corrective actions and will continue to work expeditiously to address the issues identified by the FDA during inspections in Warsaw. As of December 31, 2022, the Warsaw warning letter remained pending. Until the violations cited in the pending warning letter are corrected, we may be subject to additional regulatory action by the FDA, as described more fully below. Additionally, requests for Certificates to Foreign Governments may not be granted and premarket approval applications for Class III devices to which the QSR deviations are reasonably related will not be approved until the violations have been corrected. In addition to responding to the warning letter described above, we are in the process of addressing various FDA Form 483 inspectional observations at certain of our manufacturing facilities, including observations issued by the FDA following an inspection of the Warsaw North Campus in January 2020, which inspection the FDA has classified as Voluntary Action Indicated VAI ). The ultimate outcome of these matters is presently uncertain. Among other available regulatory actions, the FDA may impose operating restrictions, including a ceasing of operations, at one or more facilities, enjoining and restraining certain violations of applicable law pertaining to products, seizure of products and assessing civil or criminal penalties against our officers, employees or us. The FDA could also issue a corporate warning letter or a recidivist warning letter or negotiate the entry of a consent decree of permanent injunction with us. The FDA may also recommend prosecution by the U.S. Department of Justice. Any adverse regulatory action, depending on its magnitude, may restrict us from effectively manufacturing, marketing and selling our products and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Other Contingencies Indemnifications : As part of the ZimVie spinoff, we agreed to indemnify ZimVie for certain legal and tax matters. Our responsibilities for legal indemnification are for specifically identified matters and are subject to a maximum amount, which is not significant for us. We have made an accrual based on an estimate of the probable loss for any legal indemnification. For tax matters, our indemnification is related to tax periods prior to the spinoff and any tax liabilities that may be incurred as part of the spinoff. We have maintained accruals based upon an estimate of any possible tax indemnifications. Contractual obligations : We have entered into development, distribution and other contractual arrangements that may result in future payments dependent upon various events such as the achievement of certain product R D milestones, sales milestones, or, at our discretion, maintenance of exclusive rights to distribute a product. Since there is uncertainty on the timing or whether such payments will have to be made, they have not been recognized on our consolidated balance sheets. These estimated payments could range from to approximately million. 

million shares of our common stock and million of cash for initial consideration valued at million. The acquisition also includes up to million in fair value of our common shares and cash that is subject to achieving future regulatory and commercial milestones over a three-year period. The acquisition expands our product portfolio for the sports medicine market. This acquisition is not expected to have a significant effect on our results of operations or financial position. To minimize the dilutive effect of issuing our common stock for this acquisition, we entered into a prepaid forward purchase agreement with a financial institution to repurchase million shares of our common stock. In order to fund this prepaid forward purchase agreement and working capital needs, we borrowed approximately million under our 2022 Revolving Facility. 

 91 

92 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Acco untants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) that are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. Because of inherent limitations, disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, and not absolute, assurance that the objectives of disclosure controls and procedures are met. 
 
 Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that as of December 31, 2022, the end of the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at a reasonable assurance level. 
 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 The management of Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act, as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the Company s principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, and effected by the Company s board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that: 
 Pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; 

Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and 

Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 The Company s management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, the Company s management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013). 
 Based on their assessment, management has concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, the Company s internal control over financial reporting is effective based on those criteria. 
 PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, audited the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 and issued an unqualified opinion thereon as stated in their report, which appears under Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 93 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Item 9B. Othe r Information 
 During the fourth quarter of 2022, the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors approved the engagement of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm, to perform certain non-audit services. This disclosure is made pursuant to Section 10A(i)(2) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Disclosure Pursuant to Section 13(r) of the Exchange Act 
 Section 13(r) of the Exchange Act requires an issuer to disclose in its annual or quarterly reports if it or any of its affiliates knowingly engaged in certain activities, transactions or dealings relating to parties subject to sanctions administered by OFAC within the United States Department of the Treasury, whether or not such activities are prohibited or sanctionable under United States law. On March 2, 2021, the United States government designated the Russian Federal Security Service (the FSB as a blocked party under Executive Order 13382. On the same day, OFAC updated General License No. 1B (the OFAC General License ), which generally authorizes certain licensing, permitting, certification, notification and related transactions with the FSB as may be required pursuant to Russian encryption product import controls for the importation, distribution or use of certain information technology products and radio frequency technology products in the Russian Federation. 
 As required under Russian law and as permitted under the OFAC General License, one of our subsidiaries in Russia periodically files notifications with or applies for import licenses and permits from the FSB on our behalf in connection with the importation of our products into Russia. These notification and licensing activities are free of charge, and none of our gross revenue or net profits are attributable to such activities. We expect to continue to file notifications with and apply for import licenses and permits from the FSB to qualify our products for importation and distribution in the Russian Federation to the extent required under Russian law, but only so long as such notification and licensing activities are authorized by the OFAC General License, any successor general license or other authorization issued by OFAC. 
 
 During the fourth quarter of 2022, we filed one notification with the FSB as described above. 

Item 9C. Disc losure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 Not applicable. 
 
 94 

PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Of ficers and Corporate Governance 
 Information required by this item is incorporated by reference from our definitive Proxy Statement for the annual meeting of stockholders to be held on May 12, 2023 (the 2023 Proxy Statement ). 
 Information regarding our executive officers is included in Part I, Item 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the caption Information About our Executive Officers. 
 We have adopted the Zimmer Biomet Code of Ethics for Chief Executive Officer and Senior Financial Officers (the finance code of ethics ), a code of ethics that applies to our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer and Corporate Controller, and other finance organization senior employees. The finance code of ethics is publicly available in the Investor Relations section of our website, which may be accessed from our homepage at www.zimmerbiomet.com or directly at https://investor.zimmerbiomet.com. If we make any substantive amendments to the finance code of ethics or grant any waiver, including any implicit waiver, from a provision of the code to our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, or Chief Accounting Officer and Corporate Controller, we will disclose the nature of that amendment in the Investor Relations section of our website. 
 Item 11. Executi ve Compensation 
 Information required by this item is incorporated by reference from our 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Ow ners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 Information required by this item is incorporated by reference from our 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Relate d Transactions and Director Independence 
 Information required by this item is incorporated by reference from our 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 Item 14. Principal Accou ntant Fees and Services 
 Information required by this item is incorporated by reference from our 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 95 

PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Finan cial Statement Schedules 
 (a) (1) Financial Statements: See the Consolidated Financial Statements under Item 8 of this Report. 
 (2)	Financial Statement Schedule 

() 
 (1) 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 

() 

() 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 

() 

Deferred Tax Asset Valuation Allowances: 

Year Ended December 31, 2020 

() 

() 
 (2) 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 

() 

() 
 (2) 
 
 () 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 

(2) 
 
 () 

(1) Includes the cumulative-effect adjustment related to the adoption of ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326). 

 (2) Primarily relate to amounts generated by tax rate changes or current year activity which have offsetting changes to the associated attribute and therefore there is no resulting impact on tax expense in the consolidated financial statements. 

Other financial statement schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or the required information is shown in the financial statements or the notes thereto. 
 
 (3) Exhibits: See Index to Exhibits below 
 96 

INDEX TO EXHIBITS 

Exhibit No 
 
 Description 

2.1 
 
 Separation and Distribution Agreement, dated as of March 1, 2022, by and between Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. and ZimVie Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 1, 2022) 

3.1 
 
 Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc., dated May 17, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 20, 2021) 

3.2 
 
 Restated Bylaws of Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc., effective December 14, 2022 

4.1 
 
 Description of Securities Registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

4.2 
 
 Specimen Common Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed August 5, 2019) 

4.3 
 
 Indenture dated as of November 17, 2009 between Zimmer Holdings, Inc. (now known as Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc.) and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 13, 2016) 

4.4 
 
 First Supplemental Indenture to the Indenture dated as of November 17, 2009 between Zimmer Holdings, Inc. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 17, 2009) 

4.5 
 
 Form of 5.750 Note due 2039 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 above) 

4.6 
 
 Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 10, 2011, to the Indenture dated as of November 17, 2009 between Zimmer Holdings, Inc. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 10, 2011) 

4.7 
 
 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 19, 2015, to the Indenture dated as of November 17, 2009 between Zimmer Holdings, Inc. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 19, 2015) 

4.8 
 
 Form of 3.550 Notes due 2025 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.7 above) 

4.9 
 
 Form of 4.250 Notes due 2035 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.7 above) 

4.10 
 
 Form of 4.450 Notes due 2045 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.7 above) 

4.11 
 
 Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 13, 2016, between Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 13, 2016) 

4.12 
 
 Form of 2.425 Notes due 2026 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.11 above) 

4.13 
 
 Agency Agreement, dated as of December 13, 2016, by and among Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc., as issuer, Elavon Financial Services DAC, UK Branch, as paying agent, Elavon Financial Services DAC, as registrar and transfer agent, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 13, 2016) 

4.14 
 
 Amendment No. 1, dated as of January 4, 2017, to the Agency Agreement dated as of December 13, 2016, by and among Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc., as issuer, Elavon Financial Services DAC, UK Branch, as paying agent, Elavon Financial Services DAC, as original registrar and original transfer agent, U.S. Bank National Association, as successor registrar and successor transfer agent, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form 8-A filed January 4, 2017) 

4.15 
 
 Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 19, 2018, between Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 19, 2018) 

4.16 
 
 Form of 3.700 Notes due 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.15 above) 

4.17 
 
 Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 15, 2019, between Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 15, 2019) 

4.18 
 
 Form of 1.164 Notes due 2027 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.17 above) 

4.19 
 
 Agency Agreement, dated as of November 15, 2019, by and between Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc., as issuer, Elavon Financial Services DAC, UK Branch, as paying agent, U.S. Bank National Association, as transfer agent and 

97 

registrar, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 15, 2019) 

4.20 
 
 Seventh Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 20, 2020, between Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 20, 2020 

4.21 
 
 Form of 3.050 Notes due 2026 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.20 above) 

4.22 
 
 Form of 3.550 Notes due 2030 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.20 above) 

4.23 
 
 Eighth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 24, 2021, between Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. and Computershare Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 24, 2021) 

4.24 
 
 Form of 1.450 Notes due 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.23 above) 

4.25 
 
 Form of 2.600 Notes due 2031 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.23 above) 

10.1 
 
 Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. Executive Performance Incentive Plan, as amended May 7, 2013 and further amended as of June 24, 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed November 9, 2015) 

10.2 
 
 Amendment to Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. Executive Performance Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 7, 2016) 

10.3 
 
 Amendment to Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. Executive Performance Incentive Plan, Effective May 7, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed May 11, 2020) 

10.4 
 
 Amended and Restated Zimmer Biomet Deferred Compensation Plan, effective as of January 1, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed May 5, 2022) 

10.5 
 
 Restated Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. Long Term Disability Income Plan for Highly Compensated Employees (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 7, 2016) 

10.6 
 
 Restated Benefit Equalization Plan of Zimmer Holdings, Inc. and Its Subsidiary or Affiliated Corporations Participating in the Zimmer Holdings, Inc. Savings and Investment Program (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed February 27, 2009) 

10.7 
 
 First Amendment to the Restated Benefit Equalization Plan of Zimmer Holdings, Inc. and its Subsidiary or Affiliated Corporations Participating in the Zimmer Holdings, Inc. Savings and Investment Program (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 7, 2016) 

10.8 
 
 Offer Letter, dated as of December 18, 2017, by and between Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. and Bryan C. Hanson (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 21, 2017) 

10.9 
 
 Change in Control Severance Agreement with Bryan C. Hanson (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 21, 2017) 

10.10 
 
 Chief Executive Officer Confidentiality, Intellectual Property, Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation Agreement with Bryan C. Hanson (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 21, 2017) 

10.11 
 
 Offer Letter by and between Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. and Ivan Tornos dated as of October 11, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed February 26, 2019) 

10.12 
 
 Form of Change in Control Severance Agreement with Rachel Ellingson, Paul Stellato, Ivan Tornos, Suketu Upadhyay and Lori Winkler (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed February 26, 2019) 

10.13 
 
 Form of Confidentiality, Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation Agreement with Ivan Tornos, Suketu Upadhyay, Rachel Ellingson and Lori Winkler (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed February 26, 2019) 

10.14 
 
 Swiss Employment Agreement by and between Zimmer GmbH and Wilfred van Zuilen dated as of May 5, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed August 3, 2021) 

10.15 
 
 Offer Letter by and between Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. and Wilfred van Zuilen dated as of May 5, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed August 3, 2021) 

10.16 
 
 Change in Control Severance Agreement by and between Zimmer GmbH and Wilfred van Zuilen (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed August 3, 2021) 

98 

10.17 
 
 Confidentiality, Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation Agreement by and between Zimmer GmbH and Wilfred van Zuilen (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed August 3, 2021) 

10.18 
 
 Offer Letter between Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. and Suketu Upadhyay dated June 13, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 19, 2019) 

10.19 
 
 Letter of Appointment by and between Zimmer Asia (HK) Limited and Sang Yi dated June 15, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed August 5, 2020) 

10.20 
 
 Change in Control Severance Agreement with Sang Yi dated June 15, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed August 5, 2020) 

10.21 
 
 Confidentiality, Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation Agreement with Sang Yi dated June 15, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed August 5, 2020) 

10.22 
 
 Form of Change in Control Severance Agreement with Chad F. Phipps (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed February 27, 2009) 

10.23 
 
 Form of Confidentiality, Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation Agreement with Chad F. Phipps (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 26, 2015) 

10.24 
 
 Offer Letter by and between Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. and Paul Stellato dated as of April 5, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 16, 2022) 

10.25 
 
 Form of Confidentiality, Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation Agreement with Paul Stellato (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 16, 2022) 

10.26 
 
 Restated Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. Executive Severance Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed August 6, 2018) 

10.27 
 
 Amendment to Restated Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. Executive Severance Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed May 5, 2022) 

10.28 
 
 Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. Amended Stock Plan for Non-Employee Directors, as amended May 14, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 20, 2021) 

10.29 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Letter under the Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. Stock Plan for Non-Employee Directors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed February 29, 2016) 

10.30 
 
 Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors, as amended May 14, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 20, 2021) 

10.31 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement with Non-Employee Directors and Officers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed July 31, 2008) 

10.32 
 
 Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. Executive Physical Sub Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.47 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed February 26, 2019) 

10.33 
 
 Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. 2009 Stock Incentive Plan (As Amended on May 14, 2021) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 20, 2021) 

10.34 
 
 Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Award Agreement (four-year vesting) under the Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. 2009 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.32 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed February 21, 2020) 

10.35 
 
 Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Award Agreement (two-year vesting) under the Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. 2009 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.37 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed February 27, 2018) 

10.36 
 
 Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Award Agreement (three-year vesting) under the Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. 2009 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.34 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed February 25, 2022) 

10.37 
 
 Form of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (2020) under the Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. 2009 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.37 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed February 21, 2020) 

10.38 
 
 Form of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (2022) under the Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. 2009 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.38 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed February 25, 2022) 

99 

10.39 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (four-year vesting) under the Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. 2009 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.38 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed February 21, 2020) 

10.40 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (three-year vesting) under the Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. 2009 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.40 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed February 25, 2022) 

10.41 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (two-year cliff vesting) under the Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. 2009 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed August 6, 2018) 

10.42 
 
 Aircraft Time Sharing Agreement by and between Zimmer, Inc. and Bryan C. Hanson (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.40 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed February 27, 2018) 

10.43 
 
 First Amendment to Aircraft Time Sharing Agreement by and between Zimmer, Inc. and Bryan C. Hanson (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed August 5, 2019) 

10.44 
 
 Tax Matters Agreement, dated as of March 1, 2022, by and between Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. and ZimVie Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 1, 2022) 

10.45 
 
 Employee Matters Agreement, dated as of March 1, 2022, by and between Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. and ZimVie Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 1, 2022) 

10.46 
 
 Transition Services Agreement, dated as of March 1, 2022, by and between Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. and ZimVie Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 1, 2022) 

10.47 
 
 Intellectual Property Matters Agreement, dated as of March 1, 2022, by and between Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. and ZimVie Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 1, 2022) 

10.48 
 
 Stockholder and Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of March 1, 2022, by and between Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. and ZimVie Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 1, 2022) 

10.49 
 
 Transition Manufacturing and Supply Agreement, dated as of March 1, 2022, by and between Zimmer, Inc. and ZimVie Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 1, 2022) 

10.50 
 
 Reverse Transition Manufacturing and Supply Agreement, dated as of March 1, 2022, by and between Zimmer, Inc. and ZimVie Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 1, 2022) 

10.51 
 
 Transitional Trademark License Agreement, dated as of March 1, 2022, by and between Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. and ZimVie Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 1, 2022) 

10.52 
 
 Five-Year Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of August 19, 2022, among Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc., the lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 22, 2022) 

10.53 
 
 364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of August 19, 2022, among Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc., the lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 22, 2022) 

21 
 
 List of Subsidiaries of Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. 

23 
 
 Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 

31.1 
 
 Certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 of the Chief Executive Officer, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2 
 
 Certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 of the Chief Financial Officer, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32 
 
 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 

100 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 Item 16. Form 10 -K Summary 
 None 
 101 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

ZIMMER BIOMET HOLDINGS, INC. 

By: 
 
 /s/ Bryan Hanson 

Dated: February 24, 2023 

Bryan Hanson 

Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

SIGNATURE 
 
 TITLE 
 
 DATE 

/s/ Bryan Hanson 
 
 Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 February 24, 2023 

Bryan Hanson 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Suketu Upadhyay 
 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 February 24, 2023 

Suketu Upadhyay 
 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

/s/ Paul Stellato 
 
 Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting 
 
 February 24, 2023 

Paul Stellato 
 
 Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Christopher Begley 
 
 Director 
 
 February 24, 2023 

Christopher Begley 

/s/ Betsy Bernard 
 
 Director 
 
 February 24, 2023 

Betsy Bernard 

/s/ Michael Farrell 
 
 Director 
 
 February 24, 2023 

Michael Farrell 

/s/ Robert Hagemann 
 
 Director 
 
 February 24, 2023 

Robert Hagemann 

/s/ Arthur Higgins 
 
 Director 
 
 February 24, 2023 

Arthur Higgins 

/s/ Maria Teresa Hilado 
 
 Director 
 
 February 24, 2023 

Maria Teresa Hilado 

/s/ Syed Jafry 
 
 Director 
 
 February 24, 2023 

Syed Jafry 

/s/ Sreelakshmi Kolli 
 
 Director 
 
 February 24, 2023 

Sreelakshmi Kolli 

/s/ Michael Michelson 
 
 Director 
 
 February 24, 2023 

Michael Michelson 

102 

<EX-3>
 2
 zbh-ex3_2.htm
 EX-3.2

EX-3 

Exhibit 3.2 
 RESTATED BYLAWS 
 OF 
 ZIMMER BIOMET HOLDINGS, INC. 
 (hereinafter called the Corporation 
 Effective: December 14, 2022 
 ARTICLE I 
 Offices and Records 
 S ECTION 1.01. Registered Office. The registered office of the Corporation in the State of Delaware is located at 251 Little Falls Drive, City of Wilmington, County of New Castle, Delaware 19808, and the registered agent at such address is Corporation Service Company. 
 S ECTION 1.02. Other Offices. The Corporation may have such other offices, either within or without the State of Delaware, as the board of directors of the Corporation (the Board of Directors , and each member thereof, a Director may designate or as the business of the Corporation may from time to time require. 
 S ECTION 1.03. Books and Records. The books and records of the Corporation may be kept outside the State of Delaware at such place or places as may from time to time be designated by the Board of Directors. 
 ARTICLE II 
 Stockholders 
 S ECTION 2.01. Annual Meeting. The annual meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation shall be held on such date and at such time as shall be designated by the Board of Directors and stated in the notice of the meeting. The Board of Directors may, in its sole discretion, determine that the annual meeting of stockholders shall not be held at any place, but may instead be held solely by means of remote communication as authorized by the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the DGCL ). The Board of Directors may postpone, reschedule or cancel any previously scheduled annual meeting of stockholders. 
 S ECTION 2.02. Special Meetings. Except as otherwise required by law and subject to the rights of the holders of any class or series of stock having a preference over the common stock, par value 0.01 per share, of the Corporation (the Common Stock as to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, special meetings of the stockholders shall be called only by (a) the Board of Directors pursuant to a resolution stating the purpose or purposes thereof approved by a majority of the total number of Directors which the Corporation would have if there were no vacancies or unfilled newly-created directorships (the Whole Board ), (b) the Chairman of the Board, or (c) the Secretary, but in the case of this clause (c) only upon the written request of a stockholder or group of stockholders who have complied in full with the requirements set forth in the Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation (the Certificate of Incorporation and these Bylaws (such request, a Stockholder Meeting Request ), and subject to the limitations set forth below in Section 2.02(d). A special meeting shall be held on such date and at such time as shall be designated by the Board of Directors and stated in the notice of the meeting. The Board of Directors may, in its sole discretion, determine that a special meeting shall not be held at any place, but may instead be held solely by means of remote communication as authorized by the DGCL. The Board of Directors may postpone, reschedule or cancel any special meeting of stockholders. 
 1 

(a) Stockholder Meeting Request . The Stockholder Meeting Request shall be delivered to the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation. To be in proper form, a Stockholder Meeting Request must be in writing, must be signed and dated by the record holders (or their duly authorized agents) meeting the Holding Requirement (as defined below), must state the purpose or purposes of the proposed meeting and must include all information that would be required to be included in a notice satisfying the requirements of the following Sections of the Bylaws: (i) Section 2.05(a)(ii)(C), (ii) if a purpose set forth in the Stockholder Meeting Request is the nomination of a candidate for election as a Director, Section 2.05(a)(ii)(A), and (iii) if a purpose set forth in the Stockholder Meeting Request relates to any other business that the stockholders propose to bring before the meeting, Section 2.05(a)(ii)(B). In addition to the foregoing, a Stockholder Meeting Request must include (x) an acknowledgment of the stockholders requesting the special meeting that any disposition by such stockholders after the date of the Stockholder Meeting Request of any shares of the Common Stock shall be deemed a revocation of the Stockholder Meeting Request with respect to such shares and that such shares will no longer be included in determining whether the Holding Requirement has been satisfied, (y) documentary evidence that the requesting stockholders ownership of the Corporation s Common Stock complies with the amount and type of ownership requirements set forth in the Certificate of Incorporation (the Holding Requirement as of the date on which the Stockholder Meeting Request was delivered to the Secretary (the Delivery Date ), and (z) a commitment by such stockholders to continue to satisfy the Holding Requirement through the date of the requested special meeting of the stockholders and to notify the Corporation upon any disposition of any shares of the Corporation s Common Stock. 
 In determining whether a special meeting of the stockholders has been requested by stockholders satisfying, in the aggregate, the Holding Requirement, multiple Stockholder Meeting Requests delivered to the Secretary will be considered together only if each such Stockholder Meeting Request (y) identifies substantially the same purpose or purposes of the special meeting of stockholders of the Corporation and substantially the same matters proposed to be acted on at the special meeting, as determined by the Board of Directors (which, if such purpose is the nomination of a person or persons for election to the Board of Directors, will mean that the exact same person or persons are nominated in each relevant Stockholder Meeting Request), and (z) has been dated and delivered to the Secretary within sixty (60) days of the earliest dated Stockholder Meeting Request relating to such purpose or purposes. 
 The requesting stockholders shall certify in writing to the Secretary on the day prior to the requested special meeting of the stockholders as to whether such stockholders continue to satisfy the Holding Requirement. If, at any time after the delivery of a valid Special Meeting Request, the requesting stockholders no longer satisfy the Holding Requirement, the Board of Directors, in its discretion, may cancel the requested special meeting of the stockholders. 
 (b) Record Date . The Delivery Date of the first Stockholder Meeting Request with respect to the purpose or purposes contained therein that satisfies the Holding Requirement shall be the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to deliver a Stockholder Meeting Request with respect to such purpose or purposes. 
 (c) Revocation of Stockholder Meeting Request . Any requesting stockholder may revoke his, her or its Stockholder Meeting Request at any time by written revocation delivered to the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation. Following such revocation, the Board of Directors, in its discretion, may cancel the special meeting unless any remaining requesting stockholders continue to satisfy the Holding Requirement. 
 (d) Limitations . The Secretary shall not call a special meeting of stockholders of the Corporation in response to a Stockholder Meeting Request, regardless of whether such Stockholder Meeting Request otherwise complies with the Certificate of Incorporation and the Bylaws, if (i) an identical or substantially similar item (as determined by the Board of Directors, a Similar Item is included or will be included in the Corporation s notice of meeting as an item of business to be brought before a meeting of stockholders of the Corporation that will be held not later than ninety (90) days after the Delivery Date of the Stockholder Meeting Request; (ii) the Delivery Date is during the period commencing ninety (90) days prior to the date of the next annual meeting and ending on the date of the next annual meeting; (iii) a Similar Item was presented at any meeting of stockholders of the Corporation held within one hundred and twenty (120) days prior to the Delivery Date; (iv) the Stockholder Meeting Request relates to an item of business that is not a proper subject for stockholder action under applicable law; or (v) such Stockholder Meeting Request was made in a manner that involved a violation of Regulation 14A under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), or other applicable law. For purposes of this Section 2.02(d), the election of Directors shall be deemed to be a Similar Item with respect to all items of business involving the election or removal of Directors. 
 
 2 

S ECTION 2.03. Notice of Meetings . The Secretary or Assistant Secretary shall cause written notice of the date, time and place, if any, of each meeting of the stockholders to be given, at least ten (10) but not more than sixty (60) days prior to the date of the meeting, to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at such meeting as of the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of the meeting. Such notice shall be given either personally, by mail or other means of written communication, or by electronic transmission in accordance with Section 232 of the DGCL. If mailed, such notice shall be deemed to be given when deposited in the United States mail, postage prepaid, directed to the stockholder of record at such stockholder s address as it appears on the records of the Corporation. Such further notice shall be given as may be required by law. Notice shall be deemed to have been given to all stockholders of record who share an address if notice is given in accordance with the householding rules under the Exchange Act and Section 233 of the DGCL. Notice of any meeting of stockholders of the Corporation need not be given to any stockholder who shall sign a waiver of such notice in writing or who shall waive such notice by electronic transmission, whether before or after the time of such meeting. Notice of any adjourned meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation need not be given unless the adjournment is for more than thirty (30) days or is otherwise required by law. 
 S ECTION 2.04. Quorum; Required Stockholder Vote . 
 (a) Except as at the time otherwise required by statute or by the Certificate of Incorporation, the presence at any stockholders meeting, in person or by proxy, of the holders of a majority of the voting power of all outstanding shares of the Corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of Directors (the Voting Stock shall be necessary and sufficient to constitute a quorum for the transaction of business, except that when specified business is to be voted on by a class or series of stock voting as a class, the holders of a majority of the voting power of the outstanding shares of such class or series shall constitute a quorum of such class or series for the transaction of such business. The chairman of the meeting may adjourn the meeting from time to time, whether or not there is such a quorum. The stockholders present at a duly called meeting at which a quorum is present may continue to transact business until adjournment, notwithstanding the withdrawal of enough stockholders to leave less than a quorum. 
 (b) In all matters other than the election of Directors and the matters addressed in paragraph (c) of this Section 2.04, unless otherwise provided by the Certificate of Incorporation, the rules or regulations of any stock exchange applicable to the Corporation, or applicable law or pursuant to any regulation applicable to the Corporation or its securities, the affirmative vote of the majority of shares present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote on the subject matter shall be the act of the stockholders. The required vote in the election of Directors is set forth in Section 2.09. 
 (c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in these Bylaws, the non-binding advisory votes pursuant to Sections 14A(a)(1) and 14A(a)(2) of the Exchange Act, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, shall require the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast thereon; provided that for purposes of any such vote, neither abstentions nor broker non-votes shall count as votes cast. 
 S ECTION 2.05. Notice of Stockholder Business and Nominations . 
 (a) Annual Meetings of Stockholders 
 (i) Nominations of persons for election to the Board of Directors of the Corporation and the proposal of other business to be considered by the stockholders may be made at an annual meeting of stockholders only (A) pursuant to the Corporation s notice of meeting (or any supplement thereto), (B) by or at the direction of the Board of Directors or any committee thereof, (C) by any stockholder of the Corporation who was a stockholder of record of the Corporation at the time the notice provided for in this Section 2.05 is delivered to the Secretary of the Corporation and at the time of the annual meeting, who is entitled to vote at the meeting and who complies with the notice procedures set forth in this Section 2.05 or (D) with respect to nominations, by an Eligible Stockholder (as defined in Section 2.08) who has complied with the requirements and procedures set forth in Section 2.08 and whose nominees are included in the Corporation s proxy materials with respect to such meeting. 
 (ii) For any nominations or other business to be properly brought before an annual meeting by a stockholder pursuant to clause (C) of paragraph (a)(i) of this Section 2.05, the stockholder must have given timely notice thereof in writing to the Secretary and any such proposed business must constitute a proper matter for stockholder action. To be timely, a stockholder s notice shall be delivered to the Secretary of the Corporation at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not later than the close of business on the 
 3 

ninetieth (90 th calendar day nor earlier than the close of business on the one hundred twentieth (120 th calendar day prior to the first anniversary of the preceding year s annual meeting; provided, however , that in the event that the date of the annual meeting is more than thirty (30) calendar days before or more than sixty (60) calendar days after such anniversary date, notice by the stockholder to be timely must be so delivered not earlier than the close of business on the one hundred twentieth (120 th calendar day prior to such annual meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of the ninetieth (90 th calendar day prior to such annual meeting or the tenth (10 th calendar day following the calendar day on which public announcement of the date of such meeting is first made by the Corporation. In no event shall the public announcement of an adjournment or postponement of an annual meeting commence a new time period (or extend any time period) for the giving of a stockholder s notice as described above. Such stockholder s notice shall set forth: (A) as to each person whom the stockholder proposes to nominate for election or reelection as a Director (1) all information relating to such person that is required to be disclosed in solicitations of proxies for election of Directors in an election contest, or is otherwise required, in each case pursuant to and in accordance with Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, and (2) such person s written consent to being named in any proxy materials as a nominee and to serving as a Director if elected; (B) as to any other business that the stockholder proposes to bring before the meeting, a brief description of the business desired to be brought before the meeting, the text of the proposal or business (including the text of any resolutions proposed for consideration and in the event that such business includes a proposal to amend the Bylaws of the Corporation, the language of the proposed amendment), the reasons for conducting such business at the meeting and any material interest in such business of such stockholder and/or the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the proposal is made; and (C) as to the stockholder giving the notice and/or the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the nomination or proposal is made (1) the name and address of such stockholder, as they appear on the Corporation s books, and of such beneficial owner, (2) the class or series and number of shares of capital stock of the Corporation which are owned beneficially and of record by such stockholder and/or such beneficial owner, (3) a description of any agreement, arrangement or understanding with respect to the nomination or proposal between or among such stockholder and/or such beneficial owner, any of their respective affiliates or associates, and any others acting in concert with any of the foregoing, including in the case of a nomination, the nominee, (4) a description of any agreement, arrangement or understanding (including any derivative or short positions, profit interests, options, warrants, convertible securities, stock appreciation or similar rights, hedging transactions, and borrowed or loaned shares) that has been entered into as of the date of the stockholder s notice by, or on behalf of, such stockholder and/or such beneficial owners, whether or not such instrument or right shall be subject to settlement in an underlying class or series of stock of the Corporation, the effect or intent of which is to mitigate loss to, manage risk or benefit of share price changes for, or increase or decrease the voting power of, such stockholder or such beneficial owner, with respect to shares of stock of the Corporation, or relates to the acquisition or disposition of any shares of stock of the Corporation, (5) a representation that the stockholder is a holder of record of stock of the Corporation entitled to vote at such meeting and intends to appear in person or by proxy at the meeting to propose such business or nomination, (6) as to any business, other than nominations of persons for election to the Board of Directors, a representation whether the stockholder or the beneficial owner, if any, intends or is part of a group which intends (a) to deliver a proxy statement and/or form of proxy to holders of at least the percentage of the Corporation s outstanding capital stock required to approve or adopt the proposal or elect the nominee and/or (b) otherwise to solicit proxies or votes from stockholders in support of such proposal or nomination, and (7) any other information relating to such stockholder and beneficial owner, if any, required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filings required to be made in connection with solicitations of proxies for, as applicable, the proposal and/or for the election of Directors in an election contest pursuant to and in accordance with Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. The foregoing notice requirements of this Section 2.05 shall be deemed satisfied by a stockholder with respect to business other than a nomination if the stockholder has notified the Corporation of his, her or its intention to present a proposal at an annual meeting in compliance with applicable rules and regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act and such stockholder s proposal has been included in a proxy statement that has been prepared by the Corporation to solicit proxies for such annual meeting. The Corporation may require any proposed nominee to furnish such other information as the Corporation may reasonably require. 
 4 

(iii) A stockholder who intends to solicit proxies in support of nominations of persons, other than the Corporation s Director nominees, for election to the Board of Directors and who has delivered a notice of nomination pursuant to this Section 2.05 shall promptly certify to the Corporation, and notify the Corporation in writing, that it has complied with or will comply with the requirements of Rule 14a-19 under the Exchange Act, and upon request of the Corporation, shall, not later than five business days prior to the date of the applicable meeting of stockholders, deliver to the Corporation reasonable evidence of such compliance. 
 (iv) Notwithstanding anything in the second sentence of paragraph (a)(ii) of this Section 2.05 to the contrary, in the event that the number of Directors to be elected to the Board of Directors of the Corporation at an annual meeting is to be increased effective after the time period for which nominations would otherwise be due under paragraph (a)(ii) of this Section 2.05 and there is no public announcement by the Corporation naming the nominees for the additional directorships at least one hundred (100) calendar days prior to the first anniversary of the preceding year s annual meeting, a stockholder s notice required by this Section 2.05 shall also be considered timely, but only with respect to nominees for the additional directorships, if it shall be delivered to the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not later than the close of business on the tenth (10 th day following the day on which such public announcement is first made by the Corporation. 
 (b) Special Meetings of Stockholders . Only such business shall be conducted at a special meeting of stockholders of the Corporation as shall have been brought before the meeting pursuant to the Corporation s notice of meeting. If the Secretary calls a special meeting of stockholders of the Corporation pursuant to clause (c) of the first paragraph of Section 2.02, the notice thereof will include (i) the purpose or purposes included in the Stockholder Meeting Request and (ii) any additional purpose or purposes the Board of Directors decides to submit for the consideration of stockholders at such special meeting. Nominations of persons for election to the Board of Directors may be made at a special meeting of stockholders of the Corporation at which Directors are to be elected pursuant to the Corporation s notice of meeting (A) by or at the direction of the Board of Directors or any committee thereof, (B) if the Secretary calls a special meeting of stockholders of the Corporation pursuant to clause (c) of the first paragraph of Section 2.02 and such purpose was included in the Stockholder Meeting Requests that were the basis for the Secretary calling such special meeting, by the stockholders submitting such Stockholder Meeting Requests, or (C) (1) if the Secretary calls a special meeting of stockholders of the Corporation pursuant to clause (c) of the first paragraph of Section 2.02 and such purpose was included in the Stockholder Meeting Requests that were the basis for the Secretary calling such special meeting or (2) if the Board of Directors has determined that Directors shall be elected at such meeting, by any stockholder of the Corporation (other than, in the case of clause (1), stockholders submitting any Stockholder Meeting Requests) who is a stockholder of record at the time the notice provided for in this Section 2.05 is delivered to the Secretary of the Corporation and at the time of the special meeting, who is entitled to vote at the meeting and upon such election and who complies with the notice procedures set forth in this Section 2.05. In the event the Corporation calls a special meeting of stockholders of the Corporation for the purpose of electing one or more Directors to the Board of Directors, any such stockholder may, pursuant to clause (C) of the immediately preceding sentence, nominate a person or persons (as the case may be) for election to such position(s) as specified in the Corporation s notice of meeting, if the stockholder s notice required by clauses (A) and (C) of Section 2.05(a)(ii) shall be delivered to the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not earlier than the close of business on the one hundred twentieth (120 th day prior to such special meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of the ninetieth (90 th day prior to such special meeting or the tenth (10 th day following the day on which public announcement is first made of the date of the special meeting and of the nominees proposed by the Board of Directors to be elected at such meeting. In no event shall the public announcement of an adjournment or postponement of a special meeting commence a new time period (or extend any time period) for the giving of a stockholder s notice as described above. 
 S ECTION 2.06. General . 
 (a) Only such persons who are nominated in accordance with the relevant procedures set forth in Sections 2.02, 2.05 and 2.08 shall be eligible to be elected at an annual or special meeting of stockholders of the Corporation to serve as Directors and only such business shall be conducted at a meeting of stockholders of the Corporation as shall have been brought before the meeting in accordance with the relevant procedures set forth in Sections 2.02 and 2.05. Except as otherwise provided by law, the chairman of the meeting shall have the power and duty (A) to determine whether the relevant procedures set forth in Sections 2.02 and 2.05 have been complied with and (B) if 
 5 

the relevant procedures set forth in Sections 2.02 and 2.05 have not been complied with, to declare that the applicable nomination shall be disregarded or that the applicable proposed business shall not be transacted. Notwithstanding the provisions of Sections 2.02 and 2.05, unless otherwise required by law, if the stockholder (or a qualified representative of the stockholder) does not appear at the annual or special meeting of stockholders of the Corporation to present a nomination or proposed business or the stockholder otherwise has not complied with the relevant provisions set forth in Sections 2.02 and 2.05, such nomination shall be disregarded and such proposed business shall not be transacted, notwithstanding that proxies in respect of such vote may have been received by the Corporation. For purposes of Sections 2.02, 2.05 and 2.08, to be considered a qualified representative of the stockholder, a person must be a duly authorized officer, manager or partner of such stockholder or must be authorized by a writing executed by such stockholder or an electronic transmission delivered by such stockholder to act for such stockholder as proxy at the meeting of stockholders of the Corporation and such person must produce such writing or electronic transmission, or a reliable reproduction of the writing or electronic transmission, at such meeting of stockholders. Unless otherwise required by law, if any stockholder (i) provides notice pursuant to Rule 14a-19 under the Exchange Act and (ii) subsequently (x) notifies the Corporation that such stockholder no longer intends to solicit proxies in support of Director nominees other than the Corporation s Director nominees in accordance with Rule 14a-19, (y) fails to comply with the requirements of Rule 14a-19, or (z) fails to provide reasonable evidence sufficient to satisfy the Corporation that the requirements of Rule 14a-19 have been met, then such stockholder s nominations shall be deemed null and void and the Corporation shall disregard any proxies or votes solicited for any nominee proposed by such stockholder. 
 (b) For purposes of Sections 2.05 and 2.08, public announcement shall include disclosure in a press release reported by the Dow Jones News Service, Associated Press or other national news service or in a document publicly filed by the Corporation with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC pursuant to Sections 13, 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 (c) Notwithstanding the provisions of Sections 2.02 and 2.05, a stockholder shall also comply with all applicable requirements of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (including Rule 14a-19) with respect to the matters set forth in such Sections; provided however, that any references in these Bylaws to the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder are not intended to and shall not limit any requirements applicable to nominations or proposals as to any other business to be considered pursuant to Section 2.02 or 2.05 (including paragraphs (a)(i)(C) and (b) of Section 2.05), and compliance with Section 2.02, paragraphs (a)(i)(C) and (b) of Section 2.05 or Section 2.08, as applicable, shall be the exclusive means for a stockholder to make nominations or submit other business (other than, as provided in the penultimate sentence of clause (a)(ii) of Section 2.05, matters brought properly under and in compliance with Rule 14a-8 of the Exchange Act, as it may be amended from time to time). Nothing in Section 2.02 or 2.05 shall be deemed to affect any rights (i) of stockholders to request inclusion of proposals in the Corporation s proxy statement pursuant to Rule 14a-8 of the Exchange Act or (ii) of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock to elect Directors pursuant to any applicable provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation. 
 S ECTION 2.07. Proxies. At all meetings of stockholders, a stockholder may vote by proxy in accordance with the DGCL or by such person s duly authorized attorney in fact. Any stockholder directly or indirectly soliciting proxies from other stockholders must use a form of proxy color other than white, which shall be reserved for the exclusive use by the Board of Directors. 
 S ECTION 2.08. Proxy Access for Director Nominations. 
 (a) Inclusion of Nominee in Proxy Statement . Subject to the terms and conditions of these Bylaws, whenever the Board of Directors solicits proxies with respect to the election of Directors at an annual meeting of stockholders, the Corporation shall include in its proxy materials for such annual meeting, in addition to any persons nominated for election by the Board of Directors or a committee thereof, the name, together with the Required Information (as defined below), of any nominee for election or reelection to the Board of Directors delivered pursuant to this Section 2.08 (a Stockholder Nominee who satisfies the eligibility requirements herein (subject to the maximum number established pursuant to Section 2.08(k)), and who is identified in a timely and proper notice pursuant to this Section 2.08 (the Stockholder Notice that is given by a stockholder on behalf of one or more stockholders or beneficial owners that: 
 6 

(i) expressly elect at the time of the delivery of the Stockholder Notice to have such Stockholder Nominee included in the Corporation s proxy materials for such annual meeting pursuant to this Section 2.08; 
 (ii) Own and have Owned (each as defined below) continuously for at least 3 years a number of shares that represents at least three percent (3 of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (the Required Shares as of (A) the date on which the Stockholder Notice is delivered to the Secretary of the Corporation at the principal executive offices of the Corporation and in accordance with this Section 2.08, (B) the record date for determining stockholders entitled to vote at the annual meeting, and (C) the date of the annual meeting; and 
 (iii) satisfy such additional requirements in these Bylaws (an Eligible Stockholder ). 
 
 (b) Eligible Stockholder . For purposes of qualifying as an Eligible Stockholder and satisfying the Ownership requirements under Section 2.08(a): 
 (i) the outstanding shares of Common Stock Owned by one or more stockholders and beneficial owners that each stockholder and/or beneficial owner has Owned continuously for at least 3 years as of (A) the date on which the Stockholder Notice is delivered to the Corporation in accordance with this Section 2.08, (B) the record date for determining stockholders entitled to vote at the annual meeting, and (C) the date of the annual meeting, may be aggregated, provided that the number of stockholders and beneficial owners whose Ownership of shares is aggregated for such purpose shall not exceed 20 and that any and all requirements and obligations for an Eligible Stockholder set forth in this Section 2.08 are satisfied by and as to each such stockholder and beneficial owner (except as noted with respect to aggregation or as otherwise provided in Section 2.08(c)); 
 (ii) For this purpose, two or more funds that are (A) under common management and investment control, (B) under common management and funded primarily by the same employer, or (C) a group of investment companies, as such term is defined in Section 12(d)(1)(G)(ii) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (each, a Qualifying Fund ), shall be treated as one stockholder or beneficial owner; and 
 (iii) No stockholder or beneficial owner, alone or together with any of its affiliates, may be a member of more than one group constituting an Eligible Stockholder under this Section 2.08(b). If a group of stockholders aggregates Ownership of shares in order to meet the requirements under this Section 2.08(b), (A) all shares held by each stockholder constituting their contribution to the foregoing three percent (3 threshold must have been held by that stockholder continuously for at least 3 years and through the date of the annual meeting, and evidence of such continuous Ownership shall be provided as specified in Section 2.08(e), (B) each provision in this Section 2.08 that requires the Eligible Stockholder to provide any written statements, representations, undertakings, agreements or other instruments or to meet any other conditions shall be deemed to require each stockholder (including each individual fund) that is a member of such group to provide such statements, representations, undertakings, agreements or other instruments and to meet such other conditions (except that the members of such group may aggregate their shareholdings in order to meet the three percent (3 Ownership requirement of the Required Shares definition), (C) a breach of any obligation, agreement or representation under this Section 2.08 by any member of such group shall be deemed a breach by the Eligible Stockholder, and (D) such Ownership shall be determined by aggregating the lowest number of shares continuously Owned by each such stockholder during the required holding period and the Stockholder Notice must indicate, for each such stockholder, such lowest number of shares continuously owned by such stockholder during such period. 
 (c) Ownership . For purposes of this Section 2.08: 
 (i) A stockholder or beneficial owner shall be deemed to Own only those outstanding shares of Common Stock of the Corporation as to which such person possesses both (A) the full voting and investment rights pertaining to the shares and (B) the full economic interest in (including the opportunity for profit and risk of loss on) such shares; provided that the number of shares calculated in accordance with clauses (A) and (B) shall not include any shares (1) sold by such person or any of its affiliates in any transaction that has not been settled or closed, including any short sale, (2) borrowed by such person or any of its affiliates for any purposes, (3) purchased by such person or any of its affiliates pursuant to an 
 7 

agreement to resell, or (4) subject to any option, warrant, forward contract, swap, contract of sale, or other derivative or similar instrument or agreement entered into by such person or any of its affiliates, whether any such instrument or agreement is to be settled with shares or with cash based on the notional amount or value of outstanding shares of Common Stock, in any such case which instrument or agreement has, or is intended to have, or if exercised would have, the purpose or effect of (x) reducing in any manner, to any extent or at any time in the future, such person s or its affiliates full right to vote or direct the voting of any such shares, and/or (y) hedging, offsetting, or altering to any degree any gain or loss realized or realizable from maintaining the full economic ownership of such shares by such person or its affiliate. 
 (ii) A stockholder or beneficial owner shall Own shares held in the name of a nominee or other intermediary so long as the person retains the right to instruct how the shares are voted with respect to the election of Directors and possesses the full economic interest in the shares. A person s Ownership of shares shall be deemed to continue during any period in which (A) the person has loaned such shares, provided that the person has the power to recall such loaned shares on no more than 5 business days notice and such shares are recalled prior to the final date on which the Stockholder Notice would be timely pursuant to Section 2.08(f) or (B) the person has delegated any voting power by means of a proxy, power of attorney, or other instrument or arrangement that is revocable at any time by the person. 
 (iii) The terms Owned, Owning and other variations of the word Own shall have correlative meanings. Whether outstanding shares of Common Stock are Owned for purposes of this Section 2.08 shall be determined by the Board of Directors or any committee thereof, which determination shall be conclusive and binding on the Corporation and its stockholders. For purposes of this Section 2.08, the term affiliate or affiliates shall have the meaning ascribed thereto under the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated under the Exchange Act. 
 (d) Required Information. For purposes of this Section 2.08, the Required Information that the Corporation will include in its proxy statement is: 
 (i) The information concerning each Stockholder Nominee and the applicable Eligible Stockholder that is required to be disclosed in the Corporation s proxy statement by the applicable requirements of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder; and 
 (ii) If the Eligible Stockholder so elects, a written statement of the Eligible Stockholder, not to exceed 500 words, in support of each Stockholder Nominee, which must be provided at the same time as the Stockholder Notice for inclusion in the Corporation s proxy statement for the annual meeting (the Statement ); provided that only one Statement may be submitted by any Eligible Stockholder, including any group of stockholders together constituting an Eligible Stockholder. 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section 2.08, the Corporation may omit from its proxy materials any information or Statement that it, in good faith, believes would violate any applicable law, rule, regulation or listing standard. Nothing in this Section 2.08 shall limit the Corporation s ability to solicit against and include in its proxy materials its own statements relating to any Eligible Stockholder or Stockholder Nominee. 
 (e) Information to be Provided by Eligible Stockholder. The Stockholder Notice shall set forth all information and representations that would be required to be set forth in a stockholder s notice of nomination pursuant to Section 2.07 of these Bylaws, and in addition shall include: 
 (i) a copy of the Schedule 14N that has been or concurrently is filed with the SEC under Rule 14a-18 of the Exchange Act (as such rule may be amended); 
 (ii) the written agreement of the Eligible Stockholder (in the case of a group, each stockholder or beneficial owner whose shares are aggregated for purposes of constituting an Eligible Stockholder) addressed to the Corporation, setting forth the following additional agreements, representations, and warranties: 
 (A) setting forth and certifying to the number of shares of Common Stock it Owns and has Owned continuously for at least 3 years as of the date of the Stockholder Notice and stating its present intention to continue to Own such shares through the annual meeting of stockholders; 
 (B) the Eligible Stockholder s agreement to provide written statements from the record holder and intermediaries as required under this Section 2.08 verifying the Eligible Stockholder s 
 8 

continuous Ownership of the Required Shares, in each case through and as of the business day immediately preceding the date of the annual meeting; 
 (C) the Eligible Stockholder s representation and warranty (1) that the Eligible Stockholder (v) acquired the Required Shares in the ordinary course of business and not with the intent or effect of changing or influencing control at the Corporation, and does not presently have any such intent, (w) has not nominated and will not nominate for election to the Board of Directors at the annual meeting any person other than the Stockholder Nominee(s) being nominated pursuant to this Section 2.08, (x) has not engaged and will not engage in, and has not been and will not be a participant (as defined in Item 4 of Exchange Act Schedule 14A) in, a solicitation within the meaning of Rule 14a-1(l) of the Exchange Act, in support of the election of any individual as a Director at the annual meeting other than its Stockholder Nominee(s) or a nominee of the Board of Directors, (y) has not distributed and will not distribute to any stockholder any form of proxy for the annual meeting other than the form distributed by the Corporation, and (z) will Own the Required Shares through the date of the annual meeting, and (2) that the facts, statements and other information in all communications by the Eligible Stockholder with the Corporation and its stockholders are and will be true and correct in all material respects and do not and will not omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; and 
 (D) the Eligible Stockholder s agreement to (1) assume all liability stemming from any legal or regulatory violation arising out of the Eligible Stockholder s communications with the stockholders of the Corporation or out of the information that the Eligible Stockholder provided to the Corporation, (2) indemnify and hold harmless the Corporation and each of its Directors, officers and employees individually against any liability, loss or damages in connection with any threatened or pending action, suit or proceeding, whether legal, administrative or investigative, against the Corporation or any of its Directors, officers or employees arising out of any nomination submitted by the Eligible Stockholder pursuant to this Section 2.08, (3) comply with all laws, rules, regulations and listing standards applicable to any solicitation in connection with the annual meeting, (4) file all materials described below in Section 2.08(g)(iii) with the SEC, regardless of whether any such filing is required under Exchange Act Regulation 14A, or whether any exemption from filing is available for such materials under Exchange Act Regulation 14A, (5) provide to the Corporation immediate notice if the Eligible Stockholder ceases to Own any of the Required Shares prior to the annual meeting, and (6) provide to the Corporation prior to the annual meeting such additional information as necessary or reasonably requested by the Corporation; and 
 (iii) In the case of a nomination by a group of stockholders or beneficial owners that together is an Eligible Stockholder, the designation by all group members of one group member that is authorized to act on behalf of all such members with respect to the nomination and matters related thereto, including withdrawal of the nomination. 
 (f) Delivery of Stockholder Notice. To be timely under this Section 2.08, the Stockholder Notice must be delivered to the Secretary of the Corporation at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not later than the close of business on the 120 th calendar day nor earlier than the 150 th calendar day prior to the first anniversary of the date that the Corporation distributed its proxy materials to stockholders for the previous year s annual meeting; provided, however, that in the event that the date of the annual meeting is more than 30 calendar days before or more than 60 calendar days after the anniversary date of the prior year s annual meeting of stockholders, the Stockholder Notice will be timely if so delivered not earlier than 150 calendar days prior to such annual meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of 120 calendar days prior to such annual meeting or the 10 th calendar day following the date on which public announcement (as defined in Section 2.07) of the date of such meeting is first made by the Corporation. In no event shall an adjournment or postponement of an annual meeting, or the public announcement thereof, commence a new time period (or extend any time period) for the giving of the Stockholder Notice. 
 (g) Undertaking by Eligible Stockholder. An Eligible Stockholder must: 
 (i) within 5 business days after the date of the Stockholder Notice, provide to the Corporation one or more written statements from the record holder(s) of the Required Shares and from each intermediary through which the Required Shares are or have been held, in each case during the requisite three-year 
 9 

holding period, specifying the number of shares that the Eligible Stockholder Owns, and has Owned continuously, in compliance with this Section 2.08; 
 (ii) include in the Schedule 14N filed with the SEC a statement certifying that it Owns and has Owned the Required Shares in compliance with this Section 2.08; 
 (iii) file with the SEC any solicitation or other communication by or on behalf of the Eligible Stockholder relating to the Corporation s annual meeting of stockholders, one or more of the Corporation s Directors or Director nominees or any Stockholder Nominee, regardless of whether any such filing is required under Exchange Act Regulation 14A or whether any exemption from filing is available for such solicitation or other communication under Exchange Act Regulation 14A; and 
 (iv) as to any group of funds whose shares are aggregated for purposes of constituting an Eligible Stockholder, within 5 business days after the date of the Stockholder Notice, provide documentation reasonably satisfactory to the Corporation that demonstrates that the funds satisfy Section 2.08(b). 
 The information provided pursuant to this Section 2.08(g) shall be deemed part of the Stockholder Notice for purposes of this Section 2.08. 
 (h) Representations and Agreement of the Stockholder Nominee. Within the time period prescribed in Section 2.08(f) for delivery of the Stockholder Notice, the Eligible Stockholder must also deliver to the Corporation a written representation and agreement (which shall be deemed part of the Stockholder Notice for purposes of this Section 2.08) signed by each Stockholder Nominee and representing and agreeing that such Stockholder Nominee: 
 (i) is not and will not become a party to (A) any voting commitment that has not been disclosed to the Corporation, or (B) any voting commitment that could limit or interfere with such person s ability to comply, if elected as a Director of the Corporation, with such person s fiduciary duties under applicable law; 
 (ii) is not and will not become a party to any agreement, arrangement, or understanding with any person or entity other than the Corporation with respect to any direct or indirect compensation, reimbursement, or indemnification in connection with service or action as a Director that has not been disclosed to the Corporation; and 
 (iii) if elected as a Director, will comply with all of the Corporation s corporate governance, conflict of interest, confidentiality, and stock ownership and trading policies and guidelines, and any other corporation policies and guidelines applicable to Directors, as well as any applicable law, rule, regulation or listing requirement. 
 At the request of the Corporation, the Stockholder Nominee must promptly, but in any event within 5 business days after such request, submit all completed and signed questionnaires required of the Corporation s Directors and provide to the Corporation such other information as it may reasonably request. The Corporation may request such additional information (A) as necessary to permit the Board of Directors or any committee thereof to determine if such Stockholder Nominee is independent under the listing standards of any U.S. exchange upon which the Common Stock is listed, any rules of the SEC applicable to Directors serving on the Board of Directors or any committee thereof and any publicly disclosed standards used by the Board of Directors in determining and disclosing the independence of the Corporation s Directors (the Applicable Independence Standards and otherwise to determine the eligibility of each Stockholder Nominee to serve as a Director of the Corporation, or (B) that could be material to a reasonable stockholder s understanding of the independence, or lack thereof, of each Stockholder Nominee. 
 (i) True, Correct and Complete Information. In the event that any information or communications provided by the Eligible Stockholder or any Stockholder Nominees to the Corporation or its stockholders is not, when provided, or thereafter ceases to be, true, correct and complete in all material respects (including omitting a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading), each Eligible Stockholder or Stockholder Nominee, as the case may be, shall promptly notify the Corporation and provide the information that is required to make such information or communication true, correct, complete and not misleading; it being understood that providing any such notification and/or information shall not be deemed to cure any such defect or limit the Corporation s right to omit a Stockholder Nominee from its proxy materials pursuant to this Section 2.08. In addition, any person providing any information to the Corporation 
 10 

pursuant to this Section 2.08 shall further update and supplement such information, if necessary, so that all such information shall be true and correct as of the record date for the annual meeting and as of the date that is 10 business days prior to the annual meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof, and such update and supplement (or a written certification that no such updates or supplements are necessary and that the information previously provided remains true and correct as of the applicable date) shall be delivered to the Secretary of the Corporation at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not later than 5 business days after the later of the record date for the annual meeting and the date on which the record date is first publicly disclosed by the Corporation (in the case of any update and supplement required to be made as of the record date), and not later than 7 business days prior to the date of the annual meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof (in the case of any update and supplement required to be made as of the date that is 10 business days prior to the annual meeting). 
 (j) Disqualifications. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, if (i) the Corporation receives notice (whether or not subsequently withdrawn) that a stockholder has nominated any person for election to the Board of Directors pursuant to the advance notice requirements for stockholder nominees for Director set forth in Section 2.07 of these Bylaws, (ii) an Eligible Stockholder who has nominated a Stockholder Nominee has engaged in or is currently engaged in, or has been or is a participant (as defined in Item 4 of Exchange Act Schedule 14A) in another person s, solicitation within the meaning of Rule 14a-1(l) of the Exchange Act in support of the election of any individual as a Director at the meeting other than its Stockholder Nominee(s) or a nominee of the Board of Directors, (iii) a Stockholder Nominee is determined not to satisfy the eligibility requirements of this Section 2.08 or any other provision of the Corporation s Certificate of Incorporation, Bylaws, corporate governance guidelines or other applicable regulation at any time before the annual meeting, (iv) the election of a Stockholder Nominee to the Board of Directors would cause the Corporation to be in violation of the Corporation s Certificate of Incorporation, Bylaws, or any applicable state or federal law, rule, regulation or listing standard, (v) a Stockholder Nominee (A) is not independent under the Applicable Independence Standards, (B) is or has been, within the past three years, an officer or director of a competitor, as defined in Section 8 of the Clayton Antitrust Act of 1914, as amended, (C) is a named subject of a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses) or has been convicted in a criminal proceeding within the past ten years, (D) is subject to any order of the type specified in Rule 506(d) of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or (E) dies, becomes disabled or otherwise becomes ineligible for inclusion in the Corporation s proxy materials pursuant to this Section 2.08 or unavailable for election at the annual meeting, (vi) a Stockholder Nominee and/or the applicable Eligible Stockholder shall have breached any of its or their obligations, agreements or representations, or fails to comply with its or their obligations pursuant to this Section 2.08, including by providing information to the Corporation in respect to such nomination that was untrue in any material respect or omitted to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statement made, in light of the circumstances under which it was made, not misleading, or (vii) the applicable Eligible Stockholder otherwise ceases to be an Eligible Stockholder for any reason, including but not limited to not Owning the Required Shares through the date of the applicable annual meeting of stockholders, in each case as determined by the Board of Directors, any committee thereof or the person presiding at the annual meeting, then (x) the Corporation may omit or, to the extent feasible, remove the information concerning such Stockholder Nominee and the related Statement from its proxy materials and/or otherwise communicate to its stockholders that such Stockholder Nominee will not be eligible for election at the annual meeting, (y) the Corporation shall not be required to include in its proxy materials any successor or replacement nominee proposed by the applicable Eligible Stockholder or any other Eligible Stockholder and (z) the Board of Directors or the person presiding at the annual meeting shall declare such nomination to be invalid and such nomination shall be disregarded notwithstanding that proxies in respect of such vote may have been received by the Corporation. In addition, if the Eligible Stockholder (or a representative thereof) does not appear at the annual meeting to present any nomination pursuant to this Section 2.08, such nomination shall be declared invalid and disregarded as provided in clause (z) above. 
 (k) Maximum Number of Stockholder Nominees. The maximum number of Stockholder Nominees that may be included in the Corporation s proxy materials pursuant to this Section 2.08 with respect to a particular annual meeting shall not exceed the greater of (i) two or (ii) twenty percent (20 of the number of Directors in office as of the last day on which a Stockholder Notice may be delivered with respect to the annual meeting, or if such amount is not a whole number, the closest whole number below twenty percent (20 ); provided, however , that this number shall be reduced by: 
 11 

(A) any Stockholder Nominee whose name was submitted for inclusion in the Corporation s proxy materials pursuant to this Section 2.08, but either is subsequently withdrawn or that the Board of Directors decides to nominate as a nominee of the Board of Directors; 
 (B) the number of incumbent Directors who were Stockholder Nominees at any of the preceding two annual meetings (including any individual covered under clause (A) above) and whose election at the upcoming annual meeting is being recommended by the Board of Directors; and 
 (C) the number of Directors in office or Director candidates that in either case will be included in the Corporation s proxy materials with respect to such annual meeting as an unopposed (by the Corporation) nominee pursuant to any agreement, arrangement or other understanding with any stockholder or group of stockholders (other than any such agreement, arrangement or understanding entered into in connection with an acquisition of Common Stock, by such stockholder or group of stockholders, from the Corporation), other than any such Director referred to in this clause (C) who at the time of such annual meeting will have served as a Director continuously, as a nominee of the Board of Directors, for at least two annual terms. 
 If the Board of Directors resolves to reduce the size of the Board of Directors effective on or prior to the date of the annual meeting, then the maximum number of Stockholder Nominees shall be calculated based on the number of Directors in office as so reduced. In the event that the number of Stockholder Nominees submitted by Eligible Stockholders pursuant to this Section 2.08 exceeds the maximum number of Stockholder Nominees as determined under this Section 2.08, the Corporation shall determine which Stockholder Nominees shall be included in the Corporation s proxy materials in accordance with the following provisions: each Eligible Stockholder (or in the case of a group, each group constituting an Eligible Stockholder) will select one Stockholder Nominee for inclusion in the Corporation s proxy materials until the maximum number is reached, going in order of the amount (largest to smallest) of shares of the Corporation each Eligible Stockholder disclosed as Owned in its respective Stockholder Notice submitted to the Corporation. If the maximum number is not reached after each Eligible Stockholder (or in the case of a group, each group constituting an Eligible Stockholder) has selected one Stockholder Nominee, this selection process will continue as many times as necessary, following the same order each time, until the maximum number is reached. If any such Stockholder Nominee is thereafter (1) nominated by the Board of Directors, (2) not included in the Corporation s proxy materials for any reason (including, without limitation, any determination that such Eligible Stockholder or Stockholder Nominee does not satisfy the requirements in this Section 2.08) or (3) not submitted for Director election for any reason (including, without limitation, the Eligible Stockholder s or Stockholder Nominee s failure to comply with this Section 2.08), no other nominee or nominees shall be included in the Corporation s proxy materials or otherwise submitted for Director election in substitution thereof. 
 (l) Disqualified Stockholder Nominee. Any Stockholder Nominee who is included in the Corporation s proxy materials for a particular annual meeting of stockholders but withdraws from or becomes ineligible or unavailable for election at the annual meeting for any reason, including for failure to comply with any provision of these Bylaws (provided that in no event shall any such withdrawal, ineligibility or unavailability commence a new time period (or extend any time period) for the giving of a Stockholder Notice) or did not receive, after being included in the proxy materials, at least twenty-five percent (25 of the votes cast for the Stockholder Nominee s election in the prior year s election, will be ineligible to be a Stockholder Nominee pursuant to this Section 2.08 for the next two annual meetings. 
 (m) Authority of the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors (and any other person or body authorized by the Board of Directors) shall have the power and authority to interpret this Section 2.08 and to make any and all determinations necessary or advisable to apply this Section 2.08 to any persons, facts or circumstances, including the power to determine (i) whether one or more stockholders or beneficial owners qualifies as an Eligible Stockholder, (ii) whether a Stockholder Notice complies with this Section 2.08 and has otherwise met the requirements of this Section 2.08, (iii) whether a Stockholder Nominee satisfies the qualifications and requirements in this Section 2.08, and (iv) whether any and all requirements of this Section 2.08 (or any other applicable requirements of these Bylaws) have been satisfied. Any such interpretation or determination adopted in good faith by the Board of Directors (or any other person or body authorized by the Board of Directors) shall be binding on all persons, including the Corporation and its stockholders (including any beneficial owners). 
 (n) Exclusive Method. This Section 2.08 shall be the exclusive method for stockholders of the Corporation to include nominees for Director election in the Corporation s proxy materials for an annual meeting of stockholders 
 12 

(including, without limitation, any form of proxy or written ballot), other than with respect to Rule 14a-19 to the extent applicable with respect to form of proxies. 
 
 S ECTION 2.09. Procedure for Election of Directors; Required Vote. 
 (a) Election of Directors . Election of Directors at all meetings of the stockholders at which Directors are to be elected shall be by ballot. Subject to the rights of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock to elect Directors under an applicable Preferred Stock Designation, and except as provided in this Section 2.09(a), each Director shall be elected by the vote of the majority of the votes cast with respect to that Director s election at any meeting for the election of Directors at which a quorum is present; provided, however , that if the number of nominees exceeds the number of Directors to be elected, the Directors shall be elected by the vote of a plurality of the shares represented in person or by proxy at any such meeting and entitled to vote on the election of Directors. For purposes of this Section 2.09(a), a majority of votes cast shall mean that the number of shares voted for a Director s election exceeds the number of votes cast against that Director s election. If a nominee for Director is not elected and the nominee is an incumbent Director, the Director shall promptly tender his or her resignation to the Board of Directors, subject to acceptance by the Board of Directors. The Corporate Governance Committee will make a recommendation to the Board of Directors as to whether to accept or reject the tendered resignation, or whether other action should be taken. The Board of Directors will act on the tendered resignation, taking into account the Corporate Governance Committee s recommendation, and publicly disclose (by a press release, a filing with the SEC or other broadly disseminated means of communication) its decision regarding the tendered resignation and the rationale behind the decision within 90 days from the date of the certification of the election results. The Corporate Governance Committee in making its recommendation and the Board of Directors in making its decision may each consider any factors or other information that they consider appropriate and relevant. The Director who tenders his or her resignation will not participate in the recommendation of the Corporate Governance Committee or the decision of the Board of Directors with respect to his or her resignation. If such incumbent Director s resignation is not accepted by the Board of Directors, such Director shall continue to serve until the next annual meeting and until his or her successor is duly elected, or his or her earlier resignation or removal. If a Director s resignation is accepted by the Board of Directors pursuant to this Section 2.09(a), or if a nominee for Director is not elected and the nominee is not an incumbent Director, then the Board of Directors may fill the resulting vacancy pursuant to the provisions of Section 7.03 of the Certificate of Incorporation or may decrease the size of the Board of Directors pursuant to the provisions of Section 7.01 of the Certificate of Incorporation. 
 (b) Other Matters . Except as otherwise provided by law, the Certificate of Incorporation, a Preferred Stock Designation, applicable stock exchange rules or other rules and regulations applicable to the Corporation or these Bylaws, in all matters other than the election of Directors, the affirmative vote of a majority of the voting power of the shares present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote on the matter shall be the act of the stockholders. 
 S ECTION 2.10. Inspectors of Elections; Opening and Closing the Polls. 
 (a) The Board of Directors by resolution shall appoint, or shall authorize an officer of the Corporation to appoint, one or more inspectors, which inspector or inspectors may include individuals who serve the Corporation in other capacities, including, without limitation, as officers, employees, agents or representatives, to act at the meetings of stockholders and make a written report thereof. One or more persons may be designated as alternate inspector(s) to replace any inspector who fails to act. If no inspector or alternate has been appointed to act or is able to act at a meeting of stockholders, the chairman of the meeting shall appoint one or more inspectors to act at the meeting. Each inspector, before discharging such person s duties, shall take and sign an oath faithfully to execute the duties of inspector with strict impartiality and according to the best of such person s ability. The inspector(s) shall have the duties prescribed by law. 
 (b) The date and time of the opening and the closing of the polls for each matter upon which the stockholders will vote at a meeting shall be announced at the meeting by the person presiding over the meeting. The Board of Directors may adopt by resolution such rules and regulations for the conduct of the meeting of stockholders as it shall deem appropriate. Except to the extent inconsistent with such rules and regulations as adopted by the Board of Directors, the person presiding over any meeting of stockholders shall have the right and authority to convene and to adjourn the meeting, to prescribe such rules, regulations and procedures and to do all such acts as, in the judgment of such presiding officer, are appropriate for the proper conduct of the meeting. Such rules, regulations or procedures, whether adopted by the Board of Directors or prescribed by the presiding officer of 
 13 

the meeting, may include, without limitation, the following: (i) an agenda or order of business for the meeting; (ii) rules and procedures for maintaining order at the meeting and the safety of those present; (iii) limitations on attendance at or participation in the meeting to stockholders of record of the Corporation, their duly authorized and constituted proxies or such other persons as the chairman of the meeting shall determine; (iv) restrictions on entry to the meeting after the time fixed for the commencement thereof; and (v) limitations on the time allotted to questions or comments by participants. The presiding officer at any meeting of stockholders, in addition to making any other determinations that may be appropriate to the conduct of the meeting, shall, if the facts warrant, determine and declare to the meeting that a matter or business was not properly brought before the meeting and if such presiding officer should so determine, such person shall so declare to the meeting that any such matter or business not properly brought before the meeting shall not be transacted or considered. Unless and to the extent determined by the Board of Directors or the person presiding over the meeting, meetings of stockholders shall not be required to be held in accordance with the rules of parliamentary procedure. 
 ARTICLE III 
 Board of Directors 
 S ECTION 3.01. General Powers. The business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed by or under the direction of the Board of Directors. In addition to the powers and authorities by these Bylaws expressly conferred upon them, the Board of Directors may exercise all such powers of the Corporation and do all such lawful acts and things as are not by statute or by the Certificate of Incorporation or by these Bylaws required to be exercised or done by the stockholders. 
 S ECTION 3.02. Regular Meetings. A regular meeting of the Board of Directors shall be held without other notice than this Bylaw in conjunction with the annual meeting of stockholders. The Board of Directors may, by resolution, provide the time and place for the holding of additional regular meetings without other notice than such resolution. 
 S ECTION 3.03. Special Meetings. Special meetings of the Board of Directors shall be called at the request of the President and Chief Executive Officer or by three or more Directors then in office. The person or persons authorized to call special meetings of the Board of Directors may fix the place and time of the meetings. 
 S ECTION 3.04. Notice. Notice of any special meeting of Directors shall be given to each Director orally by telephone, in writing by hand delivery, first-class mail, overnight mail, courier service, telegram or electronic transmission, or by any other lawful means. Any such notice shall be sent or transmitted to such post office address, electronic mail address, facsimile number or other number or location as each Director has provided to the Corporation. If mailed by first-class mail, such notice shall be deemed adequately delivered when deposited in the United States mail so addressed, with postage thereon prepaid, at least 5 calendar days before such meeting. If sent by telegram, overnight mail or courier service, such notice shall be deemed adequately delivered when the telegram is delivered to the telegraph company or the notice is delivered to the overnight mail or courier service company at least 24 hours before such meeting. If sent by electronic transmission, such notice shall be deemed adequately delivered when the notice is transmitted at least 12 hours before such meeting. If given by telephone, by hand delivery or by other lawful means, the notice shall be given at least 12 hours prior to the time set for the meeting. Neither the business to be transacted at, nor the purpose of, any regular or special meeting of the Board of Directors need be specified in the notice of such meeting. A meeting may be held at any time without notice if all the Directors are present (except when Directors attend for the express purpose of objecting, at the beginning of the meeting, because it is not lawfully called or conveyed) or if those not present waive notice of the meeting either before or after such meeting. 
 S ECTION 3.05. Action by Consent of Board of Directors. Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board of Directors or of any committee thereof may be taken without a meeting if all members of the Board of Directors or committee, as the case may be, consent thereto in accordance with applicable law. 
 14 

S ECTION 3.06. Conference Telephone Meetings. Members of the Board of Directors or any committee thereof may participate in a meeting of the Board of Directors or such committee by means of conference telephone or other communications equipment by means of which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other, and such participation in a meeting shall constitute presence in person at such meeting. 
 S ECTION 3.07. Quorum. Subject to Article VII of the Certificate of Incorporation, a whole number of Directors equal to at least a majority of the Whole Board shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business, but if at any meeting of the Board of Directors there shall be less than a quorum present, a majority of the Directors present may adjourn the meeting from time to time without further notice. The act of the majority of the Directors present at a meeting at which a quorum is present shall be the act of the Board of Directors. 
 S ECTION 3.08. Committees of the Board of Directors. 
 (a) The Board of Directors may from time to time designate committees, which shall consist of one or more Directors. The Board of Directors may designate one or more Directors as alternate members of any committee, who may replace any absent or disqualified member at any meeting of the committee. Any such committee may, to the extent permitted by law, exercise such powers and shall have such responsibilities as shall be specified in the designating resolution. In the absence or disqualification of any member of such committee or committees, the member or members thereof present at any meeting and not disqualified from voting, whether or not constituting a quorum, may unanimously appoint another member of the Board of Directors to act at the meeting in the place of any such absent or disqualified member. Each committee shall keep written minutes of its proceedings and shall report such proceedings to the Board of Directors when required. 
 (b) A majority of any committee may determine its action and fix the time and place of its meetings, unless the Board of Directors shall otherwise provide. Notice of such meetings shall be given to each member of the committee in the manner provided for in Section 3.04. The Board of Directors shall have power at any time to fill vacancies in, to change the membership of, or to dissolve any such committee. Nothing herein shall be deemed to prevent the Board of Directors from appointing one or more committees consisting in whole or in part of persons who are not Directors; provided, however , that no such committee shall have or may exercise any authority of the Board of Directors. 
 S ECTION 3.09. Records. The Board of Directors shall cause to be kept a record containing the minutes of the proceedings of the meetings of the Board of Directors and of the stockholders, appropriate stock books and registers and such books of records and accounts as may be necessary for the proper conduct of the business of the Corporation. 
 S ECTION 3.10. Chairman of the Board. The Chairman of the Board, who may be an officer of the Corporation or may be a non-executive Chairman of the Board as determined by the Board of Directors, shall preside at all meetings of stockholders and of the Board of Directors at which he or she is present. The Chairman of the Board shall have such other powers and perform such other duties as may be assigned to him or her from time to time by these Bylaws or the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors also may elect a Vice-Chairman to act in the place of the Chairman of the Board upon his or her absence or inability to act. 
 S ECTION 3.11. Emergency Provisions . In the event of a disaster of sufficient severity to prevent the business and affairs of the Corporation from being managed and its corporate powers from being exercised by the Board of Directors in accordance with these Bylaws, whether by reason of multiple deaths or incapacity of Directors and officers, destruction of property, failure of communications or other catastrophe, then, notwithstanding any other provision of these Bylaws, the following provisions shall apply: 
 (a) An emergency meeting or meetings of the Board of Directors or the surviving members thereof shall be called by the Chairman of the Board of Directors or the Chief Executive Officer, if available, and otherwise by one or more Directors; such meetings to be held at such times and places and upon such notice, if any, as the person or persons calling the meeting shall deem proper. The Board of Directors may take any action at such meetings which it deems necessary and appropriate to meet the emergency. 
 (b) The presence of the smallest number of Directors permitted by law to constitute a quorum, but not less than two, shall be sufficient for the transaction of business at emergency meetings of the Board of Directors, except that if there be less than two surviving Directors, the surviving Director, although less than a quorum, may fill 
 15 

vacancies in the Board of Directors. Vacancies in the Board of Directors shall be filled as soon as reasonably practicable following the emergency in the manner specified in Article VII of the Certificate of Incorporation. 
 (c) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Board of Directors is authorized in connection with an emergency to make all necessary determinations of fact regarding the nature, extent and severity of the emergency and the availability of Directors to participate in meetings, to designate and replace officers, agents and employees of the Corporation and otherwise provide for continuity of management. 
 (d) The emergency powers provided in this Section 3.11 shall be in addition to any powers provided by law. 
 ARTICLE IV 
 Officers 
 S ECTION 4.01. Elected Officers. The elected officers of the Corporation shall be a President and Chief Executive Officer, a Secretary, a Treasurer, and such other officers (including, without limitation, Executive Vice Presidents, Senior Vice Presidents and Vice Presidents) as the Board of Directors from time to time may deem proper. All officers elected by the Board of Directors shall each have such powers and duties as generally pertain to their respective offices, subject to the specific provisions of this Article IV. Such officers shall also have such powers and duties as from time to time may be conferred by the Board of Directors or by any committee thereof. The Board of Directors or any committee thereof may from time to time elect, or the President and Chief Executive Officer may appoint, such other officers (including one or more Vice Presidents, Controllers, Assistant Secretaries and Assistant Treasurers), as may be necessary or desirable for the conduct of the business of the Corporation. Such other officers and agents shall have such duties and shall hold their offices for such terms as shall be provided in these Bylaws or as may be prescribed by the Board of Directors or such committee or by the President and Chief Executive Officer, as the case may be. 
 S ECTION 4.02. Election and Term of Office. The elected officers of the Corporation shall be elected annually by the Board of Directors at the regular meeting of the Board of Directors held in conjunction with the annual meeting of the stockholders. If the election of officers shall not be held at such meeting, such election shall be held as soon thereafter as convenient. Each officer shall hold office until such person s successor shall have been duly elected and shall have qualified or until such person s death or until he shall resign or be removed pursuant to Section 4.07. 
 S ECTION 4.03. President, Chief Executive Officer. The President shall be the Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation, shall act in a general executive capacity, shall, subject to the oversight of the Board of Directors, be responsible for the general management of the policies and affairs of the Corporation and the administration and operation of the Corporation s business, and shall perform all duties incidental to such person s office which may be required by law and all such other duties as are properly required of him or her by the Board of Directors. The President and Chief Executive Officer shall make reports to the Board of Directors and the stockholders, and shall see that all orders and resolutions of the Board of Directors and of any committee thereof are carried into effect. The President and Chief Executive Officer, if he or she is also a Director, shall, in the absence of or because of the inability to act of the Chairman of the Board and the Vice-Chairman, if any, act as chairman of all meetings of stockholders and of the Board of Directors. 
 S ECTION 4.04. Vice Presidents. Each Executive Vice President, Senior Vice President and Vice President shall have such powers and shall perform such duties as shall be assigned to such person by the Board of Directors or by the President and Chief Executive Officer. 
 S ECTION 4.05. Treasurer. 
 (a) The Treasurer shall exercise general supervision over the receipt, custody and disbursement of corporate funds. The Treasurer shall cause the funds of the Corporation to be deposited in such banks as may be authorized by the Board of Directors, or in such banks as may be designated as depositories in the manner provided by resolution of the Board of Directors. The Treasurer shall have such further powers and duties and shall be subject to such 
 16 

directions as may be granted or imposed from time to time by the Board of Directors or the President and Chief Executive Officer. 
 (b) The Board of Directors or the President and Chief Executive Officer may designate one or more Assistant Treasurers who shall have such of the authority and perform such of the duties of the Treasurer as may be assigned to them by the Board of Directors or the President and Chief Executive Officer. During the Treasurer s absence or inability, the Treasurer s authority and duties shall be possessed by such Assistant Treasurer(s) as the Board of Directors or the President and Chief Executive Officer may designate. 
 S ECTION 4.06. Secretary. 
 (a) The Secretary shall keep or cause to be kept in one or more books provided for that purpose, the minutes of all meetings of the Board of Directors, the committees of the Board of Directors and the stockholders; shall see that all notices are duly given in accordance with the provisions of these Bylaws and as required by law; shall be custodian of the records and the seal of the Corporation and affix and attest the seal to all instruments and documents to be executed on behalf of the Corporation under its seal and shall see that the books, reports, statements, certificates and other documents and records required by law to be kept and filed are properly kept and filed; and in general, shall perform all the duties incident to the office of Secretary and such other duties as from time to time may be assigned to the Secretary by the Board of Directors or the President and Chief Executive Officer. 
 (b) The Board of Directors or the President and Chief Executive Officer may designate one or more Assistant Secretaries who shall have such of the authority and perform such of the duties of the Secretary as may be provided in these Bylaws or assigned to them by the Board of Directors or the President and Chief Executive Officer. During the Secretary s absence or inability, the Secretary s authority and duties shall be possessed by such Assistant Secretary or Assistant Secretaries as the Board of Directors or the President and Chief Executive Officer may designate. 
 S ECTION 4.07. Removal. Any officer or agent of the Corporation may be removed by the affirmative vote of a majority of the Board of Directors whenever, in their judgment, the best interests of the Corporation would be served thereby. Any officer or agent appointed by the President and Chief Executive Officer may be removed by him or her whenever, in such person s judgment, the best interests of the Corporation would be served thereby. No elected officer shall have any contractual rights against the Corporation for compensation by virtue of such election beyond the date of the election of such person s successor, such person s death, such person s resignation or such person s removal, whichever event shall first occur, except as otherwise provided in an employment contract or under an employee benefit plan. 
 S ECTION 4.08. Vacancies. A newly created elected office and a vacancy in any elected office because of death, resignation, or removal may be filled by the Board of Directors for the unexpired portion of the term at any meeting of the Board of Directors. Any vacancy in an office appointed by the President and Chief Executive Officer because of death, resignation, or removal may be filled by the President and Chief Executive Officer. 
 ARTICLE V 
 Stock Certificates and Transfers 
 S ECTION 5.01. Stock Certificates and Transfers. The interest of each stockholder of the Corporation shall be evidenced by certificates for shares of stock in such form as the Corporation may from time to time prescribe, provided that the Board of Directors of the Corporation may provide by resolution or resolutions that, subject to the rights of stockholders under applicable law, some or all of any or all classes or series of the Corporation s common or any preferred shares may be uncertificated shares. Notwithstanding the adoption of any such resolution providing for uncertificated shares, every holder of capital stock of the Corporation theretofore represented by certificates and, upon request, every holder of uncertificated shares, shall be entitled to have a certificate signed, countersigned and registered in such manner as the Board of Directors may by resolution prescribe or as may otherwise be permitted by applicable law. Any signature required to be on a certificate may be a facsimile. In case any officer, transfer agent or registrar who has signed or whose facsimile signature has been placed upon a certificate has ceased to be such 
 17 

officer, transfer agent or registrar before such certificate is issued, it may be issued by the Corporation with the same effect as if he were such officer, transfer agent or registrar at the date of issue. The shares of the stock of the Corporation shall be transferred on the books of the Corporation by the holder thereof in person or by such person s attorney, upon surrender for cancellation of certificates for at least the same number of shares, with an assignment and power of transfer endorsed thereon or attached thereto, duly executed (or, with respect to uncertificated shares, by delivery of duly executed instructions or in any other manner permitted by applicable law), with such proof of the authenticity of the signature as the Corporation or its agents may reasonably require. Except as otherwise provided by law or these Bylaws, the rights and obligations of the holders of uncertificated shares and the rights and obligations of the holders of certificates representing stock of the same class and series shall be identical. 
 S ECTION 5.02. Lost, Stolen or Destroyed Certificates. No certificate for shares of stock or uncertificated shares in the Corporation shall be issued in place of any stock certificate or uncertificated shares alleged to have been lost, destroyed or stolen, except on production of such evidence of such loss, destruction or theft and on delivery to the Corporation of a bond of indemnity in such amount, upon such terms and secured by such surety, as the Board of Directors or any financial officer may in its or such person s discretion require. 
 ARTICLE VI 
 Miscellaneous Provisions 
 S ECTION 6.01. Fiscal Year. The fiscal year of the Corporation shall begin on the first day of January and end on the last day of December of each year. 
 S ECTION 6.02. Dividends. The Board of Directors may from time to time declare, and the Corporation may pay, dividends on its outstanding shares in the manner and upon the terms and conditions provided by law and the Certificate of Incorporation. 
 S ECTION 6.03. Seal. The corporate seal shall have inscribed thereon the words Corporate Seal, the year of incorporation and the word Delaware. 
 S ECTION 6.04. Waiver of Notice. Whenever any notice is required to be given to any stockholder or Director under the provisions of the DGCL or these Bylaws, a waiver thereof given in accordance with applicable law shall be deemed equivalent to the giving of such notice. Neither the business to be transacted at, nor the purpose of, any annual or special meeting of the stockholders or the Board of Directors or committee thereof need be specified in any waiver of notice of such meeting. 
 S ECTION 6.05. Audits. The accounts, books and records of the Corporation shall be audited upon the conclusion of each fiscal year by an independent certified public accountant selected by the Board of Directors, and it shall be the duty of the Board of Directors to cause such audit to be done annually. 
 S ECTION 6.06. Resignations. Any Director or any officer, whether elected or appointed, may resign at any time by giving written notice of such resignation to the President and Chief Executive Officer or the Secretary, and such resignation shall be deemed to be effective as of the close of business on the date said notice is received by the President and Chief Executive Officer or the Secretary, or at such later time as is specified therein. No formal action shall be required of the Board of Directors or the stockholders to make any such resignation effective. 
 S ECTION 6.07. Exclusive Forum. Unless the Corporation consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Corporation, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any Director or officer or other employee of the Corporation to the Corporation or the Corporation s stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim against the Corporation or any Director or officer or other employee of the Corporation arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL or the Corporation s Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws (as either may be amended from time to time), or (iv) any action asserting a claim against the Corporation or any Director or officer or other employee of the Corporation governed by the internal affairs doctrine shall be a state court located within the State 
 18 

of Delaware (or, if no state court located in the State of Delaware has jurisdiction, the federal district court for the District of Delaware). 
 
 ARTICLE VII 
 Contracts, Proxies, Etc. 
 S ECTION 7.01. Contracts. Except as otherwise required by law, the Certificate of Incorporation, a Preferred Stock Designation, or these Bylaws, any contracts or other instruments may be executed and delivered in the name and on the behalf of the Corporation by such officer or officers of the Corporation as the Board of Directors may from time to time direct. Such authority may be general or confined to specific instances as the Board of Directors may determine. The President and Chief Executive Officer or any Senior Vice President, Executive Vice President or Vice President may execute bonds, contracts, deeds, leases and other instruments to be made or executed or for or on behalf of the Corporation. Subject to any restrictions imposed by the Board of Directors or the President and Chief Executive Officer or any Senior Vice President, Executive Vice President or Vice President of the Corporation may delegate contractual powers to others under such person s jurisdiction, it being understood, however, that any such delegation of power shall not relieve such officer of responsibility with respect to the exercise of such delegated power. 
 S ECTION 7.02. Proxies. Unless otherwise provided by resolution adopted by the Board of Directors, the President and Chief Executive Officer or any Senior Vice President, Executive Vice President or Vice President may from time to time appoint an attorney or attorneys or agent or agents of the Corporation, in the name and on behalf of the Corporation, to cast the votes which the Corporation may be entitled to cast as the holders of stock or other securities in any other entity, any of whose stock or other securities may be held by the Corporation, at meetings of the holders of the stock or other securities of such other entity, or to consent in accordance with applicable law, in the name of the Corporation as such holder, to any action by such other entity, and may instruct the person or persons so appointed as to the manner of casting such votes or giving such consent, and may execute or cause to be executed in the name and on behalf of the Corporation and under its corporate seal or otherwise, all such proxies, consents or other instruments as such person may deem necessary or proper in the premises. 
 ARTICLE VIII 
 Amendments 
 S ECTION 8.01. Amendments. The Bylaws may be altered or repealed and new Bylaws may be adopted (a) at any annual or special meeting of stockholders by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the voting power of the Voting Stock then outstanding, voting as a single class, provided, however , that, in the case of any such stockholder action at a special meeting of stockholders, notice of the proposed alteration, repeal or adoption of the new Bylaw or Bylaws must be contained in the notice of such special meeting, or (b) by the affirmative vote of a majority of the Whole Board. 
 
 19 

</EX-3>

<EX-4>
 3
 zbh-ex4_1.htm
 EX-4.1

EX-4 

Exhibit 4.1 
 
 Description of the Registrant s Securities Registered Under 
 Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

As of December 31, 2022, Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. (the Company, we, our and us refer solely to Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc.) maintained three classes of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ): (1) our common stock (the Common Stock ); (2) our 500,000,000 of 2.425 notes due 2026 (the 2026 Notes ); and (3) our 500,000,000 of 1.164 notes due 2027 (the 2027 Notes, and together with the 2026 Notes, the Notes ). 
 Description of Common Stock 
 The following is a description of the material terms of our Common Stock. The description is qualified in its entirety by reference to our Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the Certificate ), our Restated Bylaws (the Bylaws and the applicable provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law, as amended (the DGCL ). Our Certificate and Bylaws are filed or incorporated by reference as exhibits to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 General 
 Our authorized capital stock consists of 1,000,000,000 shares of Common Stock, 0.01 par value per share, and 250,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.01 per share. All outstanding shares of Common Stock are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. 
 Voting Rights 
 The holders of shares of our Common Stock are entitled to one vote per share on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. The holders of shares of our Common Stock are not entitled to cumulate their votes in the election of directors, which means that holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of our Common Stock can elect all of our directors. 
 Dividend Rights 
 The holders of shares of our Common Stock are entitled to receive such dividends as our Board of Directors may from time to time, and in its discretion, declare from any funds legally available therefor. 
 Liquidation Rights 
 Upon our liquidation, after payment or provision for payment of all of our obligations and any liquidation preference of any outstanding preferred stock, the holders of shares of our Common Stock are entitled to share ratably in our remaining assets. 
 No Preemptive Rights 
 The holders of shares of our Common Stock are not entitled to preemptive, subscription or conversion rights, and there are no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to the Common Stock. The holders of shares of our Common Stock are not subject to further calls or assessments by us. 
 Listing 
 The Common Stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol ZBH. 
 Transfer Agent and Registrar 
 The transfer agent and registrar for the Common Stock is Computershare Trust Company, N.A. 
 Anti-Takeover Provisions 
 Our Certificate, Bylaws and certain provisions of the DGCL may have an anti-takeover effect. These provisions may delay, defer or prevent a tender offer or takeover attempt that a stockholder would consider in its best interest. This includes an attempt that might result in a premium over the market price for the shares of Common Stock held by stockholders. These provisions are expected to discourage certain types of coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids. They are also expected to encourage persons seeking to acquire control of the Company to negotiate first with our Board of Directors. We believe that the benefits of these provisions outweigh the potential disadvantages of discouraging takeover proposals because, among other things, negotiation of takeover proposals might result in an improvement of their terms. 
 Delaware Anti-Takeover Law 

Exhibit 4.1 
 We are a Delaware corporation and, as such, we are subject to the provisions of Section 203 of the DGCL. In general, Section 203 prohibits a public Delaware corporation from engaging in a Business Combination (as defined below) with an Interested Stockholder (as defined below) for three years after the time in which the person became an Interested Stockholder, unless: 
 prior to such person becoming an Interested Stockholder, the Board of Directors approved either the Business Combination or the transaction in which the stockholder became an Interested Stockholder; 

upon becoming an Interested Stockholder, the stockholder owned at least 85 of the Company s outstanding voting stock other than shares held by directors who are also officers and certain employee benefit plans; or 

the Business Combination is approved by both the Board of Directors and by holders of at least 66 2/3 of the Company s outstanding voting stock, excluding shares owned by the Interested Stockholder, at a meeting and not by written consent. 

For purposes of Section 203 of the DGCL, the below definitions apply: 
 Business Combination means mergers, asset sales and other similar transactions with an Interested Stockholder; and 

Interested Stockholder means a person who, together with its affiliates and associates, owns, or under certain circumstances has owned within the prior three years, 15 or more of the outstanding voting stock. 

Although Section 203 permits a Delaware corporation to elect not to be governed by its provisions, we have not made this election. 
 Special Meetings of Stockholders 
 Our Certificate provides that a special meeting of stockholders may be called only by: 
 a majority of the Company s Board of Directors pursuant to a resolution stating the purpose or purposes of the special meeting; 

the Chairman of the Board of Directors; or 

the Secretary, but only if one or more stockholders with a net long position of at least 15 of the Company s outstanding shares of Common Stock so request in writing in accordance with, and subject to, all applicable provisions of our Bylaws. 

For purposes of the special meeting provision of our Certificate, the below definitions apply: 
 A majority of the Company s Board of Directors is equal to a majority of the total number of directors which the Company would have if there were no vacancies or unfilled newly-created directorships. 

A net long position will be determined in accordance with Rule 14e-4 under the Exchange Act and will be reduced by the number of shares as to which the Board determines that such holder does not, or will not, have the right to vote or direct the vote at the special meeting or as to which the Board determines that such holder has entered into any derivative or other agreement, arrangement or understanding that hedges or transfers, in whole or in part, directly or indirectly, any of the economic consequences of ownership of such shares. 

Advance Notice and Proxy Access Provisions 
 Our Bylaws establish an advance notice procedure for stockholders to make nominations of candidates for election as directors or bring other business before an annual meeting of stockholders. This procedure provides that: 
 the only persons who will be eligible for election as directors are persons who are nominated by or at the direction of the Board of Directors, or by a stockholder who has given timely written notice containing specified information to the Company s Secretary prior to the meeting at which directors are to be elected; and 

the only business that may be conducted at an annual meeting is business that has been brought before the meeting by or at the direction of the Board of Directors, or by a stockholder who has given timely written notice containing specified information to the Company s Secretary of the stockholder s intention to bring the business before the meeting. 

In general, we must receive written notice of stockholder nominations to be made or business to be brought at an annual meeting no later than 90 calendar days nor earlier than 120 calendar days prior to the first anniversary of the date of the previous year s annual meeting in order for the notice to be timely. The notice must contain information concerning (i) the nominees or the matters to be brought before the meeting, and (ii) the stockholder submitting the proposal. 
 In addition, stockholders who intend to solicit proxies in support of director nominees other than the Company s nominees must also provide notice that sets forth the information required by Rule 14a-19 under the Exchange Act no later than 60 calendar days prior to the anniversary of the previous year's annual meeting date. 
 The purposes of requiring stockholders to give us advance notice of nominations and other business include the following: 

Exhibit 4.1 
 to afford the Board of Directors a meaningful opportunity to consider the qualifications of the proposed nominees or the advisability of the other proposed business; 

to the extent necessary or desirable by the Board of Directors, to inform stockholders and make recommendations about such qualifications or business; 

to provide a more orderly procedure for conducting meetings of stockholders; and 

to ensure compliance with applicable laws and regulations. 

Our Bylaws do not give our Board of Directors any power to disapprove stockholder nominations for the election of directors or proposals for action. However, these provisions may preclude stockholders from bringing matters before an annual meeting of stockholders or from making nominations for directors at an annual meeting of stockholders. Our Bylaws may also deter a third party from soliciting proxies to approve its own proposal or in support of its own director nominees, without regard to whether consideration of the proposals or nominees might be harmful or beneficial to us and our stockholders. 
 	In addition, our Bylaws contain proxy access provisions. Such provisions permit an eligible stockholder, or a group of up to 20 eligible stockholders, to nominate and include in the Company s proxy materials director nominees constituting up to the greater of (i) two individuals or (ii) 20 of the board; provided that the nominating stockholder(s) and nominee(s) satisfy the requirements described in the Bylaws. To be considered eligible, a stockholder must have continuously held at least 3 of the Company s outstanding shares of Common Stock for at least three years. The proxy access provisions may preclude certain stockholders from nominating director candidates, or certain director candidates from being properly nominated, in each case pursuant to our proxy access provisions. 
 Exclusive Forum 
 Our Bylaws provide that, unless we consent in writing to an alternative forum, a state or federal court located in the State of Delaware will be the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer or other employee of ours to us or our stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim against us or any director, officer or other employee of ours arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL or our Certificate or Bylaws (as either may be amended from time to time), or (iv) any action asserting a claim against us or any director, officer or other employee of ours governed by the internal affairs doctrine. Although we believe this provision benefits us by providing increased consistency in the application of Delaware law in the types of lawsuits to which it applies, it may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against us or our directors and officers. The enforceability of similar choice of forum provisions in other companies governing documents has been challenged in legal proceedings, and it is possible that, in connection with one or more actions or proceedings described above, a court could find the choice of forum provision contained in our Bylaws to be inapplicable or unenforceable. 
 Authority of the Board of Directors 
 Our Board of Directors has the power to issue any or all of the shares of the Company s capital stock, including the authority to establish one or more series of preferred stock and to fix the powers, preferences, rights and limitations of such class or series, without seeking stockholder approval, which could delay, defer or prevent any attempt to acquire or control us. Our Board of Directors also has the right to fill vacancies on the Board of Directors and to amend, repeal, and adopt new Bylaws upon the affirmative vote of a majority of the Board of Directors. The Bylaws may also be amended, repealed, and new Bylaws may be adopted, at any meeting of the stockholders upon the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the voting power of the then issued and outstanding voting stock. 
 Description of the Notes 
 The following description of our Notes is a summary and does not purport to be complete. The summary is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the indenture between the Company and Computershare Trust Company, N.A., as successor to Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (the Trustee dated as of November 17, 2009, as supplemented in the case of the 2026 Notes, by the Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 13, 2016, and, as supplemented in the case of the 2027 Notes, by the Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 15, 2019 (together, the Indenture ), which, along with the forms of the 2026 Notes and the 2027 Notes, are incorporated by reference as exhibits to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 General 
 The 2026 Notes and the 2027 Notes are each traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the bond trading symbols of ZBH 26 and ZBH 27, respectively. The Notes do not have the benefit of any sinking fund. The Notes are not convertible or exchangeable. The Notes were issued in minimum denominations of 100,000 and integral multiples of 1,000 in excess thereof. 
 The 2026 Notes 

Exhibit 4.1 
 	The 2026 Notes were initially issued on December 13, 2016 in an aggregate principal amount of 500,000,000 and mature on December 13, 2026. The 2026 Notes bear interest at the rate of 2.425 per annum from the date of original issuance. As of February 17, 2023, 500,000,000 aggregate principal amount of the 2026 Notes were outstanding. 
 The 2027 Notes 
 	The 2027 Notes were initially issued on November 15, 2019 in an aggregate principal amount of 500,000,000 and mature on November 15, 2027. The 2027 Notes bear interest at the rate of 1.164 per annum from the date of original issuance. As of February 17, 2023, 500,000,000 aggregate principal amount of the 2027 Notes were outstanding. 
 Ranking 
 Each series of the Notes are our unsecured and unsubordinated debt obligations and rank equally in right of payment with all of our other unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness. The Notes are effectively subordinated to all liabilities of our subsidiaries, including trade payables. Since we conduct many of our operations through our subsidiaries, our right to participate in any distribution of the assets of a subsidiary when it winds up its business is subject to the prior claims of the creditors of the subsidiary. This means that a noteholder s right as a holder of the Notes will also be subject to the prior claims of these creditors if a subsidiary liquidates or reorganizes or otherwise winds up its business. If we are a creditor of any of our subsidiaries, our right as a creditor would be subordinated to any security interest in such assets of our subsidiaries and any indebtedness of our subsidiaries senior to that held by us. Such subsidiary indebtedness would be structurally senior to the Notes. 
 Payment on the Notes 
 We will make interest payments on the 2026 Notes annually in arrears on December 13 of each year to the holders of record at the close of business (whether or not a business day) on the immediately preceding November 28. We will make interest payments on the 2027 Notes annually in arrears on November 15 of each year to the holders of record at the close of business (whether or not a business day) on the immediately preceding November 1. Interest on the Notes will be computed on the basis of the actual number of days in the period for which interest is being calculated and the actual number of days from and including the last date on which interest was paid on the Notes, to, but excluding, the next scheduled interest payment date. This payment convention is referred to as ACTUAL/ACTUAL (ICMA) as defined in the rulebook of the International Capital Market Association. 
 If an interest payment date or the maturity date with respect to the Notes falls on a day that is not a business day, the related payment of interest or principal, as applicable, will be made on the next business day as if it were made on the date the payment was due, and no interest will accrue on the amount so payable for the period from and after that interest payment date or the maturity date, as the case may be, to the date the payment is made. Interest payments will include accrued interest from and including the date of issue or from and including the last date in respect of which interest has been paid, as the case may be, to, but excluding, the interest payment date or the date of maturity, as the case may be. 
 As used in this Description of the Notes, a business day means each Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday and Friday which is not a (i) day on which banking institutions in New York, New York or in the place of payment for a series of the Notes are authorized or obligated by law or executive order to close, or (ii) day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer system (the TARGET2 system), or any successor thereto, is closed. 
 Interest Rate Adjustment Based on Rating Events 
 The interest rate payable on the 2026 Notes will be subject to adjustment from time to time in the event of a Step Up Rating Change or a Step Down Rating Change (each, as defined below), as the case may be. 
 From and including the first interest payment date on or after the date of a Step Up Rating Change in respect of the 2026 Notes, if any, the applicable interest rate payable on such 2026 Notes shall be increased by 1.25 per annum to 3.675 per annum. In the event of a Step Down Rating Change in respect of the 2026 Notes, if any, following a Step Up Rating Change in respect of such 2026 Notes, from and including the first interest payment date on or after the date of such Step Down Rating Change, the applicable interest rate payable on the 2026 Notes shall be decreased by 1.25 per annum to 2.425 per annum. If a Step Up Rating Change and, subsequently, a Step Down Rating Change, occur in respect of the 2026 Notes during the same period beginning on the day following an interest payment date to, and including, the next interest payment date, the applicable rate of interest payable on such 2026 Notes shall neither be increased nor decreased as a result of either such event. 
 We agreed to use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain a credit rating for the 2026 Notes from each of Moody s (as defined below) and S P (as defined below). In the event that either of Moody s or S P ceases to, or fails to, rate the 2026 Notes publicly for reasons outside of our control, we shall use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain a rating of the 2026 Notes from a substitute Rating Agency (as defined below). 
 There is no limit on the number of times that the applicable rate of interest may be adjusted pursuant to a Step Up Rating Change or a Step Down Rating Change during the term of the 2026 Notes, provided that at no time during the term of the 2026 Notes will the applicable rate of interest be lower than 2.425 per annum nor higher than 3.675 per annum. 

Exhibit 4.1 
 Definitions 
 Investment Grade means a rating of Baa3 or better by Moody s (or its equivalent under any successor rating categories of Moody s) and a rating of BBB- or better by S P (or its equivalent under any successor rating categories of S P) or the equivalent investment grade credit rating from any additional Rating Agency or Rating Agencies selected by us. 
 Moody s means Moody s Investors Service Inc. 
 Rating Agency means (1) each of Moody s and S and (2) if either of Moody s or S P ceases to rate the 2026 Notes or fails to make a rating of the 2026 Notes publicly available for reasons outside of our control, a nationally recognized statistical rating organization within the meaning of Rule 15c3-1(c)(2)(vi)(F) under the Exchange Act, selected by us as a replacement agency for Moody s or S P, as the case may be. 
 S P means Standard Poor s Ratings Services, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc. 
 Step Down Rating Change means the reinstatement of an Investment Grade rating of the 2026 Notes following the occurrence of a Step Up Rating Change in respect of the 2026 Notes. 
 Step Up Rating Change means the failure of the 2026 Notes to be rated Investment Grade by either Rating Agency or both Rating Agencies at any time after the original issue date of the 2026 Notes. 
 Payments in Euro 
 All principal, including any payments made upon any redemption or repurchase of the Notes, premium, if any, and interest payments in respect of the Notes will be payable in euro. 
 If euro is unavailable to us due to the imposition of exchange controls or other circumstances beyond our control or the euro is no longer used by the member states of the European Monetary Union that have adopted the euro as their currency or for the settlement of transactions by public institutions within the international banking community, then all payments in respect of the Notes will be made in U.S. dollars until euro is again available to us or so used. In such circumstances, the amount payable on any date in euro will be converted to U.S. dollars on the basis of the Market Exchange Rate (the noon buying rate in the City of New York for cable transfers of euro as certified for customs purposes (or, if not so certified, as otherwise determined) by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York) on the second business day before that payment is due, or if such Market Exchange Rate is not then available, on the basis of the most recently available Market Exchange Rate on or before the date that payment is due. Any payment in respect of the Notes so made in U.S. dollars will not constitute an event of default under the Indenture. Neither the Trustee nor the paying agent for the Notes (the London Paying Agent shall be responsible for obtaining exchange rates, effecting conversions or otherwise handling re-denominations. 
 Optional Redemption 
 We may redeem each series of the Notes at our option, either in whole at any time or in part from time to time prior to the applicable Par Call Date (as defined below), upon not less than 30 or more than 60 days prior notice transmitted to the registered holders of the Notes to be redeemed, at a redemption price equal to the greater of: 
 (1) 100 of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed; and 
 (2) the sum of the present values of the Remaining Scheduled Payments (as defined below) of the Notes to be redeemed, discounted to the date of redemption on an annual basis (ACTUAL/ACTUAL (ICMA)) at the applicable Comparable Government Bond Rate (as defined below), plus 25 basis points, in the case of the 2027 Notes, or 35 basis points, in the case of the 2026 Notes; 
 plus accrued and unpaid interest on the Notes being redeemed to, but excluding, the redemption date. With respect to any such redemption, we will notify the Trustee of the redemption price promptly after the calculation thereof and the Trustee will not be responsible for such calculation. 
 In addition, we may redeem all or part of each series of the Notes at any time or from time to time on and after the applicable Par Call Date, at our option upon not less than 30 or more than 60 days prior notice transmitted to the registered holders of the Notes to be redeemed, at a redemption price equal to 100 of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but excluding, the redemption date. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, installments of interest on the Notes that are due and payable on interest payment dates falling on or prior to a redemption date will be payable on the interest payment date to the registered holders as of the close of business on the relevant record date according to the Notes and the Indenture. 
 On and after the redemption date, interest will cease to accrue on the Notes, or any portion of the Notes called for redemption (unless we default in the payment of the redemption price and accrued interest). On or prior to the redemption date, we will deposit with the London Paying Agent money sufficient to pay the redemption price of and accrued interest on the Notes to be redeemed to, 

Exhibit 4.1 
 but excluding, the redemption date. If less than all of the Notes of a series are to be redeemed, the Notes in that series to be redeemed shall be selected by the Trustee by a method the Trustee deems to be fair and appropriate, or in the event that the Notes are represented by one or more global notes, beneficial interests therein shall be selected for redemption by Clearstream Banking S.A. Clearstream and Euroclear Bank SA/NV Euroclear in accordance with their respective applicable procedures therefor. If the Notes are listed on any national securities exchange, Euroclear or Clearstream will select Notes in compliance with the requirements of the principal national securities exchange on which the Notes are listed. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if less than all of the Notes are to be redeemed, no Notes of a principal amount of 100,000 or less shall be redeemed in part. 
 Definitions 
 Comparable Government Bond means, in relation to any Comparable Government Bond Rate calculation, at the discretion of an Independent Investment Banker (as defined below), a German government bond whose (a) maturity is closest to the maturity of the applicable series of the Notes (assuming, for this purpose, such Notes mature on the applicable Par Call Date) and (b) principal amount is approximately equal to the then outstanding principal amount of such series of the Notes, or if such Independent Investment Banker in its discretion determines that such similar bond is not in issue, such other German government bond as such Independent Investment Banker may, with the advice of the Reference Bond Dealers (as defined below), determine to be appropriate for determining the Comparable Government Bond Rate. 
 Comparable Government Bond Rate means the price, expressed as a percentage (rounded to three decimal places, with 0.0005 being rounded upwards), at which the gross redemption yield on the Notes to be redeemed, if they were to be purchased at such price on the third business day prior to the date fixed for redemption, would be equal to the gross redemption yield on such business day of the Comparable Government Bond on the basis of the middle market price of the Comparable Government Bond prevailing at 11:00 a.m. (London time) on such business day as determined by the Independent Investment Banker. 
 Independent Investment Banker means one of the Reference Bond Dealers that we appoint in good faith as the Independent Investment Banker from time to time. 
 Par Call Date means September 13, 2026, in the case of the 2026 Notes (the date that is three months prior to the maturity date of the 2026 Notes) and September 15, 2027, in the case of the 2027 Notes (the date that is two months prior to the maturity date of the 2027 Notes). 
 Reference Bond Dealer means each of BNP Paribas, HSBC Bank plc and RBC Europe Limited and their respective successors in the case of the 2026 Notes, and BNP Paribas, J.P. Morgan Securities plc, MUFG Securities EMEA plc and SMBC Nikko Capital Markets Limited and their respective successors in the case of the 2027 Notes. 
 Remaining Scheduled Payments means, with respect to each Note to be redeemed, the remaining scheduled payments of the principal thereof and interest thereon that would be due after the related redemption date for such redemption (assuming, for this purpose, (i) with respect to the 2026 Notes, such Note matures on the applicable Par Call Date and that interest payments on such Note will be based on the rate of 2.425 per annum or 3.675 per annum, whichever is in effect at the time we transmit notice to the registered holders of the Notes to be redeemed and (ii) with respect to the 2027 Notes, such Note matures on the applicable Par Call Date); provided, however, that, if such redemption date is not an interest payment date with respect to such Note, the amount of the next succeeding scheduled interest payment thereon will be reduced by the amount of interest accrued thereon to such redemption date. 
 The Notes are also subject to redemption prior to maturity if certain developments occur affecting United States taxation. If any of these developments do occur, the Notes of either series may be redeemed at a redemption price equal to 100 of the principal amount of such series of the Notes, together with accrued and unpaid interest on such Notes to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption. See Tax Redemption. 
 Payment of Additional Amounts 
 All payments in respect of each series of the Notes will be made without withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature, imposed or levied by the United States, any political subdivision thereof or any taxing authority thereof or therein, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. If such withholding or deduction is required by law, we will pay to a holder who is not a United States person (as defined below) such additional amounts on such series of the Notes as are necessary in order that the net payment of the principal of, and premium, if any, and interest on, such series of the Notes to such holder, after such withholding or deduction will not be less than the amount provided in such series of the Notes to be then due and payable; provided, however, that the foregoing obligation to pay additional amounts shall not apply: 
 (1) to any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that would not have been imposed but for the holder, or a fiduciary, settlor, beneficiary, member or shareholder of the holder if the holder is an estate, trust, partnership or corporation, or a person holding a power over an estate or trust administered by a fiduciary holder, being considered as: 

Exhibit 4.1 
 (a) being or having been engaged in a trade or business in the United States or having or having had a permanent establishment in the United States or having or having had a qualified business unit which has the United States dollar as its functional currency; 
 (b) having a current or former connection with the United States (other than a connection arising solely as a result of the ownership of such Notes, the receipt of any payment or the enforcement of any rights thereunder) or being considered as having such relationship, including being or having been a citizen or resident of the United States; 
 (c) being or having been a personal holding company, a passive foreign investment company or a controlled foreign corporation for United States income tax purposes or a foreign personal holding company that has accumulated earnings to avoid United States federal income tax; 
 (d) being or having been a 10-percent shareholder of the Company as defined in Section 871(h)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), and the Treasury regulations thereunder or any successor provision; or 
 (e) being a bank described in Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code; 
 (2) to any holder that is not the sole beneficial owner of such Notes, or a portion of such Notes, or that is a fiduciary, partnership or limited liability company, but only to the extent that a beneficiary or settlor with respect to the fiduciary, a beneficial owner or member of the partnership or limited liability company would not have been entitled to the payment of an additional amount had the beneficiary, settlor, beneficial owner or member received directly its beneficial or distributive share of the payment; 
 (3) to any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that would not have been imposed but for the failure of the holder or any other person to comply with certification, identification or information reporting requirements concerning the nationality, residence, identity or connection with the United States of the holder or beneficial owner of such Notes, if compliance is required by statute, by regulation of the United States, any political subdivision thereof or any taxing authority therein or by an applicable income tax treaty to which the United States is a party as a precondition to exemption from such tax, assessment or other governmental charge; 
 (4) to any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that is imposed otherwise than by withholding by us or the London Paying Agent (as the case may be) from the payment; 
 (5) to any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that would not have been imposed but for a change in law, regulation, or administrative or judicial interpretation that becomes effective more than 15 days after the payment becomes due or is duly provided for, whichever occurs later; 
 (6) to any estate, inheritance, gift, sales, excise, transfer, wealth, capital gains or personal property tax or similar tax, assessment or other governmental charge; 
 (7) to any withholding or deduction that is imposed on a payment to an individual and that is required to be made pursuant to any law implementing or complying with, or introduced in order to conform to, any European Council Directive on the taxation of savings; 
 (8) to any tax, assessment or other governmental charge required to be withheld by the London Paying Agent from any payment of principal of, or premium, if any, or interest on such Note, if such payment can be made without such withholding by at least one other paying agent; 
 (9) to any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that would not have been imposed but for the presentation by the holder of such Note, where presentation is required, for payment on a date more than 30 days after the date on which payment became due and payable or the date on which payment thereof is duly provided for, whichever occurs later; 
 (10) to any withholding or deduction that is imposed on a payment pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act FATCA ), and related Treasury regulations and pronouncements, or any successor provisions and any regulations or official law, agreement or interpretations thereof implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto; or 
 (11) in the case of any combination of items (1), (2), (3), (4), (5), (6), (7), (8), (9) and (10). 
 The Notes are subject in all cases to any tax, fiscal or other law or regulation or administrative or judicial interpretation applicable to such Notes. Except as specifically provided under this heading Payment of Additional Amounts, we will not be required to make any payment for any tax, duty, assessment or governmental charge of whatever nature imposed by any government or a political subdivision or taxing authority of or in any government or political subdivision. Neither the Trustee nor any paying agent shall have any responsibility or liability for the determination, verification or calculation of any additional amounts. 

Exhibit 4.1 
 As used under this heading Payment of Additional Amounts and under the heading Tax Redemption, the term United States means the United States of America (including the states and the District of Columbia and any political subdivision thereof), and the term United States person means any individual who is a citizen or resident of the United States for U.S. federal income tax purposes, a corporation, partnership or other entity created or organized in or under the laws of the United States, including an entity treated as a corporation for United States income tax purposes, or any estate or trust the income of which is subject to United States federal income taxation regardless of its source. 
 Tax Redemption 
 If, as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws (or any regulations or rulings promulgated under the laws) of the United States or any political subdivision thereof (or any taxing authority thereof or therein), or any change in, or amendments to, an official position regarding the application or interpretation of such laws, regulations or rulings, which change or amendment is announced or becomes effective on or after the date of the applicable prospectus supplement pursuant to which the Notes were offered, we become or, based upon a written opinion of independent counsel selected by us, will become obligated to pay additional amounts as described herein under the heading Payment of Additional Amounts with respect to either series of the Notes, then we may at any time at our option, having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days prior notice to holders, redeem, in whole, but not in part, such Notes at a redemption price equal to 100 of the principal amount of such Notes, together with accrued and unpaid interest on such Notes to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption. 
 Repurchase at the Option of Holders upon Change of Control Repurchase Event 
 If a Change of Control Repurchase Event (as defined below) occurs with respect to a series of the Notes, unless we have exercised our right to redeem the Notes as described herein, we will make an offer to each holder of Notes of such series to repurchase all or any part (in minimum denominations of 100,000 and integral multiples of 1,000 above that amount) of that holder s Notes at a repurchase price in cash equal to 101 of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes repurchased plus any accrued and unpaid interest on the Notes repurchased to the date of repurchase. Within 30 days following any Change of Control Repurchase Event or, at our option, prior to any Change of Control (as defined below), but after the public announcement of an impending Change of Control, we will mail (or with respect to global notes, to the extent permitted or required by applicable Clearstream and Euroclear procedures or regulations, send electronically) a notice to each holder of the applicable series of the Notes, with a copy to the Trustee and the London Paying Agent, describing the transaction or transactions that constitute or may constitute the Change of Control Repurchase Event and offering to repurchase such Notes on the payment date specified in the notice, which date will be no earlier than 30 days and no later than 60 days from the date such notice is sent. The notice shall, if sent prior to the date of consummation of the Change of Control, state that the offer to purchase is conditioned on the Change of Control Repurchase Event occurring on or prior to the payment date specified in the notice. 
 We will comply with the requirements of Rule 14e-1 under the Exchange Act and any other securities laws and regulations thereunder, to the extent those laws and regulations are applicable in connection with the repurchase of the Notes as a result of a Change of Control Repurchase Event. To the extent that the provisions of any securities laws or regulations conflict with the Change of Control Repurchase Event provisions of the Notes, we will comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached our obligations under the Change of Control Repurchase Event provisions of the Notes by virtue of such conflict. 
 On the Change of Control Repurchase Event payment date, we will, to the extent lawful: 
 accept for payment all Notes or portions of the Notes (in minimum denominations of 100,000 and integral multiples of 1,000 above that amount) properly tendered pursuant to our offer; 

deposit with the London Paying Agent an amount equal to the aggregate purchase price in respect of all Notes or portions of the Notes properly tendered; and 

deliver or cause to be delivered to the Trustee the Notes properly accepted, together with an officer s certificate stating the aggregate principal amount of the Notes or portions of Notes being purchased by us. 

The London Paying Agent will promptly mail to each holder of Notes properly tendered the purchase price for the Notes. A new note equal in principal amount to any unpurchased portion of any Notes surrendered will promptly be authenticated and mailed (or caused to be transferred by book-entry) to each holder; provided, that each new note will be in a principal amount of 100,000 or an integral multiple of 1,000 above that amount. 
 We will not be required to make an offer to repurchase the Notes upon a Change of Control Repurchase Event if a third party makes such an offer in the manner, at the times and otherwise in compliance with the requirements for an offer made by us and such third party purchases all Notes properly tendered and not withdrawn under its offer. 

Exhibit 4.1 
 Definitions 
 Below Investment Grade Rating Event means with respect to either series of the Notes, such Notes are rated below Investment Grade by each of the Rating Agencies on any date from the date of the public notice of an arrangement that could result in a Change of Control until the end of the 60-day period following public notice of the occurrence of a Change of Control (which period shall be extended so long as the rating of the Notes is under publicly announced consideration for possible downgrade by any of the Rating Agencies); provided that a Below Investment Grade Rating Event otherwise arising by virtue of a particular reduction in rating shall not be deemed to have occurred in respect of a particular Change of Control (and thus shall not be deemed a Below Investment Grade Rating Event for purposes of the definition of Change of Control Repurchase Event hereunder) if the Rating Agencies making the reduction in rating to which this definition would otherwise apply do not announce or publicly confirm or inform us that the reduction was the result, in whole or in part, of any event or circumstance comprised of or arising as a result of, or in respect of, the applicable Change of Control (whether or not the applicable Change of Control shall have occurred at the time of the Below Investment Grade Rating Event). Neither the Trustee nor any paying agent shall be responsible for monitoring our rating status, making any request upon any Rating Agency, or determining whether any Below Investment Grade Rating Event with respect to the Notes has occurred. 
 Change of Control means the occurrence of any of the following: 
 (1) the direct or indirect sale, transfer, conveyance or other disposition (other than by way of merger or consolidation), in one or a series of related transactions, of all or substantially all of our properties or assets and those of our subsidiaries taken as a whole to any person (as that term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act), other than us or one of our subsidiaries; 
 (2) the adoption of a plan relating to our liquidation or dissolution; or 
 (3) the consummation of any transaction or series of related transactions (including, without limitation, any merger or consolidation) the result of which is that any person (as that term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act), other than us or one or more of our wholly-owned subsidiaries, becomes the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of more than 50 of the then outstanding number of shares of our Voting Stock. 
 Change of Control Repurchase Event means the occurrence of both a Change of Control and a Below Investment Grade Rating Event. 
 Voting Stock means, with respect to any person, capital stock of any class or kind the holders of which are ordinarily, in the absence of contingencies, entitled to vote for the election of directors (or persons performing similar functions) of such person, even if the right to so vote has been suspended by the happening of such a contingency. 
 Covenants 
 Limitation on Liens 
 The Indenture contains a covenant that we will not, and we will not permit any of our restricted subsidiaries to, issue, assume or guarantee any indebtedness secured by any mortgage upon any of our principal properties or those of any of our restricted subsidiaries without securing the Notes (and, if we so determine, any other indebtedness ranking equally with the Notes) equally and ratably with such indebtedness. 
 This covenant will not prevent us or any of our restricted subsidiaries from issuing, assuming or guaranteeing: 
 any purchase money mortgage on such property simultaneously with or within 180 days after the later of (1) the acquisition or completion of construction or completion of substantial reconstruction, renovation, remodeling, expansion or improvement (each, a substantial improvement of such property, or (2) the placing in operation of such property after the acquisition or completion of any such construction or substantial improvement; 

any mortgage on real property or on equipment used directly in the operation of, or the business conducted on, such mortgaged real property, which is the sole security for indebtedness: 

incurred within three years after the latest of (1) the date of issuance of the first series of debt securities under the Indenture, (2) the date of the acquisition of the real property, or (3) the date of the completion of construction or substantial improvement on such real property; 

incurred for the purpose of reimbursing us or our restricted subsidiary for the cost of acquisition and/or the cost of improvement of such real property and equipment; 

the amount of which does not exceed the lesser of the aggregate cost of the real property, improvements and equipment or the fair market value of that real property, improvements and equipment; and 

Exhibit 4.1 
 the holder of which shall be entitled to enforce payment of such indebtedness solely by resorting to the security for such mortgage, without any liability on the part of us or a restricted subsidiary for any deficiency; 

an existing mortgage on property not previously owned by us or a restricted subsidiary, including in each case indebtedness incurred for reimbursement of funds previously expended for any substantial improvements to or acquisitions of property; however: 

the mortgage must be limited to any or all of (1) such acquired or constructed property or substantial improvement (including accretions thereto), (2) the real property on which any construction or substantial improvement occurs or (3) with respect to distribution centers, any equipment used directly in the operation of, or the business conducted on, the real property on which any construction or substantial improvement occurs; and 

the total amount of the indebtedness secured by the mortgage, together with all other indebtedness to persons other than us or a restricted subsidiary secured by mortgages on such property, shall not exceed the lesser of (1) the total cost of such mortgaged property, including any costs of construction or substantial improvement to us or a restricted subsidiary, or (2) the fair market value of the property immediately following the acquisition, construction or substantial improvement; 

mortgages existing on the date of the Indenture, mortgages on assets of a restricted subsidiary existing on the date it became a subsidiary or mortgages on the assets of a subsidiary that is newly designated as a restricted subsidiary if the mortgage would have been permitted under the provisions of this paragraph if such mortgage was created while the subsidiary was a restricted subsidiary; 

mortgages in favor of us or a restricted subsidiary; 

mortgages securing only the indebtedness issued under the Indenture; and 

mortgages to secure indebtedness incurred to extend, renew, refinance or replace indebtedness secured by any mortgages referred to above, provided that the principal amount of the extended, renewed, refinanced or replaced indebtedness does not exceed the principal amount of indebtedness so extended, renewed, refinanced or replaced, plus transaction costs and fees, and that any such mortgage applies only to the same property or assets subject to the prior permitted mortgage (and, in the case of real property, improvements). 

Limitations on Sale and Leaseback Transactions 
 The Indenture contains a covenant that we will not, and will not permit our restricted subsidiaries to, enter into any arrangement with any person providing for the leasing by us or any restricted subsidiary of any principal property owned or acquired thereafter that has been or is to be sold or transferred by us or such restricted subsidiary to such person with the intention of taking back a lease of such property, a sale and leaseback transaction, without equally and ratably securing the Notes (and, if we shall so determine, any other indebtedness ranking equally with the Notes), unless the terms of such sale or transfer have been determined by our Board of Directors to be fair and arm s-length and either: 
 within 180 days after the receipt of the proceeds of the sale or transfer, we or such restricted subsidiary applies an amount equal to the greater of the net proceeds of the sale or transfer or the fair value of such principal property at the time of such sale or transfer to the prepayment or retirement (other than any mandatory prepayment or retirement) of our or any restricted subsidiary s senior funded debt; or 

we or such restricted subsidiary would be entitled, at the effective date of the sale or transfer, to incur indebtedness secured by a mortgage on such principal property, in an amount at least equal to the attributable debt in respect of the sale and leaseback transaction, without equally and ratably securing the Notes pursuant to Limitation on Liens described above. 

The foregoing restriction will not apply to: 
 any sale and leaseback transaction for a term of not more than three years including renewals; 

any sale and leaseback transaction with respect to a principal property if a binding commitment with respect thereto is entered into within three years after the later of (1) the date of issuance of the first series of debt securities issued under the Indenture, or (2) the date such principal property was acquired; 

any sale and leaseback transaction with respect to a principal property if a binding commitment with respect thereto is entered into within 180 days after the later of the date such property was acquired and, if applicable, the date such property was first placed in operation; or 

any sale and leaseback transaction between us and a restricted subsidiary or between restricted subsidiaries provided that the lessor shall be us or a wholly owned restricted subsidiary. 

Exception to Limitations for Exempted Debt 

Exhibit 4.1 
 Notwithstanding the limitations in the Indenture on mortgages and sale and leaseback transactions, we or our restricted subsidiaries may, in addition to amounts permitted under such restrictions, create or assume and renew, extend or replace mortgages, or enter into sale and leaseback transactions without any obligation to retire any senior funded debt of us or any restricted subsidiary, provided that at the time of such creation, assumption, renewal, extension or replacement of a mortgage or at the time of entering into such sale and leaseback transactions, and after giving effect thereto, exempted debt does not exceed 15 of our consolidated net tangible assets. 
 Definitions 
 Attributable debt in respect of a sale and leaseback transaction means, at the time of determination, the present value (discounted at the imputed rate of interest of such transaction determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles) of the obligation of the lessee for net rental payments during the remaining term of the lease included in such sale and leaseback transaction (including any period for which such lease has been extended or may, at the option of the lessor, be extended). The term net rental payments under any lease for any period means the sum of the rental and other payments required to be paid in such period by the lessee thereunder, not including any amounts required to be paid by such lessee (whether or not designated as rental or additional rent) on account of maintenance and repairs, insurance, taxes, assessments, water rates or similar charges required to be paid by such lessee thereunder or any amount required to be paid by lessee thereunder contingent upon the amount of maintenance and repairs, insurance, taxes, assessments, water rates or similar charges. 
 Consolidated net tangible assets means the total amounts of assets (less depreciation and valuation reserves and other reserves and items deductible from gross book value of specific asset accounts under generally accepted accounting principles) which under generally accepted accounting principles would be included on a consolidated balance sheet of us and our consolidated restricted subsidiaries after deducting (1) all current liabilities, excluding current liabilities that could be classified as long-term debt under generally accepted accounting principles and current liabilities that are by their terms extendable or renewable at the obligor s option to a time more than 12 months after the time as of which the amount of current liabilities is being computed; (2) investments in unrestricted subsidiaries; and (3) all trade names, trademarks, licenses, patents, copyrights and goodwill, organizational and development costs, deferred charges, other than prepaid items such as insurance, taxes, interest, commissions, rents and similar items and tangible assets being amortized, and amortized debt discount and expense, less unamortized premium. 
 Exempted debt means the sum of the following items outstanding as of the date exempted debt is being determined: (1) indebtedness of us and our restricted subsidiaries secured by a mortgage and not permitted to exist under the Indenture; and (2) attributable debt of us and our restricted subsidiaries in respect of all sale and leaseback transactions not permitted under the Indenture. 
 Funded debt means indebtedness which matures more than one year from the date of creation, or which is extendable or renewable at the sole option of the obligor so that it may become payable more than one year from such date. Funded debt does not include (1) obligations created pursuant to leases, (2) any indebtedness or portion thereof maturing by its terms within one year from the time of any computation of the amount of outstanding funded debt unless such indebtedness shall be extendable or renewable at the sole option of the obligor in such manner that it may become payable more than one year from such time, or (3) any indebtedness for the payment or redemption of which money in the necessary amount shall have been deposited in trust either at or before the maturity date thereof. 
 Indebtedness means indebtedness for borrowed money and indebtedness under purchase money mortgages or other purchase money liens or conditional sales or similar title retention agreements, in each case where such indebtedness has been created, incurred, or assumed by such person to the extent such indebtedness would appear as a liability upon a balance sheet of such person prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, guarantees by such person of such indebtedness, and indebtedness for borrowed money secured by any mortgage, pledge or other lien or encumbrance upon property owned by such person, even though such person has not assumed or become liable for the payment of such indebtedness. 
 Investment means any investment in stock, evidences of indebtedness, loans or advances, however made or acquired, but does not include our account receivable or the accounts receivable of any restricted subsidiary arising from transactions in the ordinary course of business, or any evidences of indebtedness, loans or advance made in connection with the sale to any subsidiary of our accounts receivable or the accounts receivable of any restricted subsidiary arising from transactions in the ordinary course of business. 
 Mortgage means any mortgage, security interest, pledge, lien or other encumbrance. 
 Principal property means all real property and improvements thereon owned by us or a restricted subsidiary, including, without limitation, any manufacturing, warehouse, distribution or research facility having a gross book value in excess of 1 of our consolidated net tangible assets and located within the United States, excluding its territories and possessions and Puerto Rico. This term does not include any facility that our Board of Directors declares by resolution not to be of material importance to our business. 
 Restricted subsidiary means Zimmer, Inc. and any other subsidiary so designated by our Board of Directors or one of our duly authorized officers in accordance with the Indenture; provided that (1) the Board of Directors or duly authorized officers may, 

Exhibit 4.1 
 subject to certain limitations, designate any unrestricted subsidiary as a restricted subsidiary and any restricted subsidiary (other than Zimmer, Inc.) as an unrestricted subsidiary and (2) any subsidiary of which the majority of the voting stock is owned directly or indirectly by one or more unrestricted subsidiaries shall be an unrestricted subsidiary. 
 Senior funded debt means all funded debt (except funded debt, the payment of which is subordinated to the payment of the Notes). 
 Subsidiary means any corporation of which at least a majority of the outstanding stock having voting power under ordinary circumstances to elect a majority of the Board of Directors of said corporation or business entity is at the time owned or controlled by us, or by us and one or more subsidiaries, or by any one or more subsidiaries. 
 Unrestricted subsidiary means any subsidiary other than a restricted subsidiary. 
 Wholly owned restricted subsidiary means any restricted subsidiary all of the outstanding funded debt and capital stock of which, other than directors qualifying shares, is owned by us and our other wholly owned restricted subsidiaries. 
 Mergers and Similar Events 
 We are generally permitted to consolidate with or merge into any other person. In this section, person refers to any individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, trust, unincorporated organization or government or any agency or political subdivision of a government or governmental agency. We are also permitted to sell substantially all of our assets to any other person, or to buy substantially all of the assets of any other person. However, we may not take any of these actions unless all the following conditions are met: 
 Where we merge out of existence or sell all or substantially all of our assets, the other person may not be organized under a foreign country s laws (that is, it must be a corporation, partnership, limited liability company or trust organized and validly existing under the laws of a state or the District of Columbia or under federal law) and it must agree to be legally responsible for the outstanding debt securities issued under the Indenture. Upon assumption of our obligations by such a person in such circumstances, we shall be relieved of all obligations and covenants under the Indenture and the debt securities. 

The merger, sale of all or substantially all of our assets or other transaction must not cause a default on the debt securities, and we must not already be in default unless the merger or other transaction would cure the default. For purposes of this no-default test, a default would include an Event of Default that has occurred and not been cured, as described below under Events of Default. A default for this purpose would also include any event that would be an Event of Default if we received the required notice of our default or if under the Indenture the default would become an Event of Default after existing for a specified period of time. 

Modification and Waiver 
 There are three types of changes we can make to the Indenture and the Notes. 
 
 Changes Requiring Noteholder Approval 
 First, there are changes that cannot be made to the Notes without specific approval from the corresponding noteholder. Following is a list of those types of changes: 
 change the stated maturity of the principal or interest on a Note; 

reduce any amounts due on a Note; 

reduce the amount of principal payable upon acceleration of the maturity of a Note following an Event of Default; 

change the place or currency of payment for a Note; 

impair the right to sue for payment; 

reduce the percentage in principal amount of the Notes, the approval of whose holders is needed to modify or amend the Indenture or the Notes; 

reduce the percentage in principal amount of the Notes, the approval of whose holders is needed to waive compliance with certain provisions of the Indenture or to waive certain defaults; and 

modify any other aspect of the provisions dealing with modification and waiver of the Indenture, except to increase the percentage required for any modification or to provide that other provisions of the Indenture may not be modified or waived without noteholder consent. 

Changes Not Requiring Approval 

Exhibit 4.1 
 The second type of change does not require any vote by holders of the Notes. This type is limited to corrections and clarifications and certain other changes that would not adversely affect holders of the Notes. Nor do we need any approval to make changes that affect only Notes to be issued under the Indenture after the changes take effect. We may also make changes or obtain waivers that do not adversely affect a particular series of Notes, even if they affect other Notes issued under the Indenture. In those cases, we need only obtain any required approvals from the holders of the affected Notes. 
 Changes Requiring a Majority Vote 
 Any other change to the Indenture and the Notes would require the following approval: 
 If the change affects only the Notes of one series, it must be approved by the holders of not less than a majority in principal amount of the Notes of that series. 

If the change affects the Notes of one series as well as the Notes of one or more other series issued under the Indenture, it must be approved by the holders of not less than a majority in principal amount of the Notes of each series affected by the change. In each case, the required approval must be given by written consent. Most changes fall into this category. 

The same vote would be required for us to obtain a waiver of a past default. However, we cannot obtain a waiver of a payment default or any other aspect of the Indenture or the Notes listed in the first category described previously under Changes Requiring Noteholder Approval unless we obtain individual noteholder consent to the waiver. 
 Further Details Concerning Voting 
 The Notes will not be considered outstanding, and therefore not eligible to vote, if we have deposited or set aside funds in trust for their payment or redemption. The Notes will also not be eligible to vote if they have been fully defeased as described in Defeasance Full Defeasance. 
 We will generally be entitled to set any day as a record date for the purpose of determining the holders of outstanding Notes that are entitled to vote or take other action under the Indenture. In certain limited circumstances, the Trustee will be entitled to set a record date for action by holders. If we or the Trustee set a record date for a vote or other action to be taken by holders of the Notes, that vote or action may be taken only by persons who are holders of outstanding Notes on the record date and must be taken within 180 days following the record date or another period that we may specify (or as the Trustee may specify, if it set the record date). We may shorten or lengthen (but not beyond 180 days) this period from time to time. 
 Defeasance 
 The following discussion of full defeasance and discharge will apply to each series of the Notes unless otherwise indicated in the applicable prospectus supplement. 
 Full Defeasance 
 If there is a change in U.S. federal tax law, as described below, we can legally release ourselves from any payment or other obligations on the Notes (called full defeasance if we put in place the following other arrangements for noteholders to be repaid: 
 We must deposit in trust for the benefit of all direct holders of the Notes of the same series a combination of money and U.S. government or U.S. government agency notes or bonds that will generate enough cash to make interest, principal, any premium and any other payments on the Notes of that series on their various due dates. 

There must be a change in current U.S. federal tax law or an Internal Revenue Service ruling that lets us make the above deposit without causing noteholders to be taxed on the Notes any differently than if we did not make the deposit and instead repaid the Notes ourselves when due. Under current U.S. federal tax law, the deposit and our legal release from the Notes would be treated as though we took back the Notes and provided the corresponding noteholder the relevant share of the cash and Notes or bonds deposited in trust. In that event, noteholders could recognize gain or loss on the Notes returned to us. 

We must deliver to the Trustee a legal opinion of our counsel confirming the tax law change described above. 

If we ever did accomplish full defeasance, as described above, noteholders would have to rely solely on the trust deposit for repayment of the Notes. Noteholders could not look to us for repayment in the event of any shortfall. Conversely, the trust deposit would most likely be protected from claims of our lenders and other creditors if we ever become bankrupt or insolvent. 
 However, even if we make the deposit in trust and opinion delivery arrangements discussed above, a number of our obligations relating to the Notes will remain. These include our obligations: 
 to register the transfer and exchange of the Notes; 

to replace mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Notes; 

to maintain paying agencies; and 

Exhibit 4.1 
 to hold money for payment in trust. 

Covenant Defeasance. 
 Under current U.S. federal tax law, we can make the same type of deposit described above and be released from some of the covenants in the Notes. This is called covenant defeasance. In that event, noteholders would lose the protection of those covenants but would gain the protection of having money and securities set aside in trust to repay the Notes. In order to achieve covenant defeasance, we must do the following: 
 We must deposit in trust for the benefit of all direct holders of the Notes of the same series a combination of money and U.S. government or U.S. government agency notes or bonds that will generate enough cash to make interest, principal, any premium and any other payments on the Notes of that series on their various due dates. 

We must deliver to the Trustee a legal opinion of our counsel confirming that under current U.S. federal income tax law we may make the above deposit without causing noteholders to be taxed on the Notes any differently than if we did not make the deposit and instead repaid the Notes ourselves when due. 

If we accomplish covenant defeasance, noteholders can still look to us for repayment of the Notes if there were a shortfall in the trust deposit. In fact, if one of the Events of Default occurred (such as our bankruptcy) and the Notes become immediately due and payable, there may be such a shortfall. Depending on the event causing the default, noteholders may not be able to obtain payment of the shortfall. 
 Satisfaction and Discharge 
 The Indenture will cease to be of further effect and the Trustee, upon our demand and at our expense, will execute appropriate instruments acknowledging the satisfaction and discharge of the Indenture upon compliance with certain conditions, including: 
 Our having paid all sums payable by us under the Indenture, as and when the same shall be due and payable; 

Our having delivered to the Trustee for cancellation all debt securities theretofore authenticated under the Indenture; or 

All debt securities of any series outstanding under the Indenture not theretofore delivered to the Trustee for cancellation shall have become due and payable or are by their terms to become due and payable within one year and we shall have deposited with the Trustee sufficient cash or U.S. government or U.S. government agency notes or bonds that will generate enough cash to pay, at maturity or upon redemption, all such debt securities of any series outstanding under the Indenture. 

Events of Default 
 The Indenture defines an Event of Default with respect to each series of the Notes. Unless otherwise provided in the applicable prospectus supplement, Events of Default are any of the following: 
 We do not pay the principal or any premium on the Notes of that series on its due date. 

We do not pay interest on the Notes of that series within 30 days of its due date. 

We do not pay any sinking fund payment with respect to the Notes of that series on its due date. 

We remain in breach of any other term of the Indenture for 60 days after we receive a notice of default stating we are in breach. The notice must be sent by either the Trustee or holders of 25 of the principal amount of the Notes of the affected series. 

We file for bankruptcy or certain other events in bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization occur. 

Any other Event of Default provided with respect to the Notes of that series. 

An Event of Default under one series of the Notes does not necessarily constitute an Event of Default under any other series of the Notes. The Indenture provides that the Trustee may withhold notice to the holders of any series of the Notes issued thereunder of any default if the Trustee considers it in the interest of such holders to do so provided the Trustee may not withhold notice of default in the payment of principal, premium, if any, or interest, if any, on any of the Notes of that series or in the making of any sinking fund installment or analogous obligation with respect to that series. 
 Remedies If an Event of Default Occurs 
 The Indenture provides that if an Event of Default has occurred and has not been cured (other than an Event of Default because of certain events in bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization), the Trustee or the holders of 25 in principal amount of the Notes of the affected series may declare the entire principal amount of all the Notes of that series to be due and immediately payable. This is called a declaration of acceleration of maturity. If an Event of Default occurs because of certain events in bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization, the principal amount of all the Notes will be automatically accelerated, without any action by the Trustee 

Exhibit 4.1 
 or any holder. A declaration of acceleration of maturity may be cancelled by the holders of at least a majority in principal amount of the Notes of the affected series if certain conditions are satisfied. 
 If an Event of Default with respect to either series of the Notes has occurred and is continuing, the Trustee shall exercise with respect to the Notes of that series the rights and power vested in it by the Indenture, and use the same degree of care and skill in their exercise as a prudent person would exercise or use under the circumstances in the conduct of his or her own affairs. The Trustee is not required to take any action under the Indenture at the request or direction of any holders unless the holders offer the Trustee protection from expenses and liability (called an indemnity ). If indemnity is provided, the holders of a majority in principal amount of the Notes outstanding of the affected series may direct the time, method and place of conducting any lawsuit or other formal legal action seeking any remedy available to the Trustee. Subject to certain exceptions contained in the Indenture, these majority holders may also direct the Trustee in performing any other action under the Indenture. 
 Before a noteholder can bypass the Trustee and bring its own lawsuit or other formal legal action or take other steps to enforce its legal rights or protect its interests relating to the Notes, the following must occur: 
 The noteholder must give the Trustee written notice that an Event of Default has occurred and remains uncured. 

The holders of not less than 25 in principal amount of all outstanding Notes of the affected series must make a written request that the Trustee take action because of the Event of Default, and must offer satisfactory indemnity to the Trustee against the cost, expenses and other liabilities of taking that action. 

The Trustee must have not taken action for 60 days after receipt of the above notice and offer of indemnity. 

However, noteholders are entitled at any time to bring a lawsuit for the payment of money due on the Notes on or after the due date of that payment. 
 We will furnish to the Trustee every year a written statement of one of our officers certifying that to his or her knowledge we are in compliance with the Indenture and the Notes, or else specifying any default or Event of Default, its status and what action we are taking or proposing to take with respect thereto. 
 Book-Entry Delivery and Settlement 
 The Notes were issued in the form of one or more global notes in fully registered form, without coupons, and were deposited with, or on behalf of, and registered in the name of the nominee of, a common depositary for, and in respect of interests held through, Euroclear and Clearstream. Except as described herein, certificates will not be issued in exchange for beneficial interests in the global notes. 
 Except as set forth below, the global notes may be transferred, in whole and not in part, only to Euroclear or Clearstream or their respective nominees. 
 Beneficial interests in the global notes will be represented, and transfers of such beneficial interests will be effected, through accounts of financial institutions acting on behalf of beneficial owners as direct or indirect participants in Euroclear or Clearstream. Those beneficial interests will be in denominations of 100,000 and integral multiples of 1,000 in excess thereof. Investors may hold Notes directly through Euroclear or Clearstream if they are participants in such systems, or indirectly through organizations that are participants in such systems. 
 Owners of beneficial interests in the global notes will not be entitled to have Notes registered in their names, and, except as described herein, will not receive or be entitled to receive physical delivery of Notes in definitive form. So long as the common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream is the registered owner of the global notes, the common depositary for all purposes will be considered the sole holder of the Notes represented by the global notes under the Indenture and the global notes. Except as provided below, beneficial owners will not be considered the owners or holders of the Notes under the Indenture, including for purposes of receiving any reports delivered by us or the Trustee pursuant to the Indenture. Accordingly, each beneficial owner must rely on the procedures of the clearing systems and, if such person is not a participant of the clearing systems, on the procedures of the participant through which such person owns its interest, to exercise any rights of a holder under the Indenture. Under existing industry practices, if we request any action of holders or a beneficial owner desires to give or take any action which a holder is entitled to give or take under the Indenture, the clearing systems would authorize their participants holding the relevant beneficial interests to give or take action and the participants would authorize beneficial owners owning through the participants to give or take such action or would otherwise act upon the instructions of beneficial owners. Conveyance of notices and other communications by the clearing systems to their participants, by the participants to indirect participants and by the participants and indirect participants to beneficial owners will be governed by arrangements among them, subject to any statutory or regulatory requirements as may be in effect from time to time. The laws of some jurisdictions require that certain purchasers of securities take physical delivery of such securities in certificated form. These limits and laws may impair the ability to transfer beneficial interests in the global notes. 
 Exchange of Global Notes for Certificated Notes 

Exhibit 4.1 
 Subject to certain conditions, the Notes represented by the global notes are exchangeable for certificated notes in definitive form of like tenor in minimum denominations of 100,000 principal amount and multiples of 1,000 in excess thereof if: 
 (1)	we have been notified that both Clearstream and Euroclear have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and no successor clearing system is available; 
 (2)	we, at our option, notify the Trustee and the London Paying Agent in writing that we elect to cause the issuance of certificated notes; or 
 (3)	there has occurred and is continuing an Event of Default under the Indenture governing the Notes. 
 In all cases, certificated notes delivered in exchange for any global note or beneficial interest therein will be registered in the names, and issued in any approved denominations, requested by or on behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream (in accordance with their customary procedures). 
 Information Concerning the Trustee, Paying Agent and Registrar for the Notes 
 Computershare Trust Company, N.A., as successor to Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, is the Trustee under the Indenture, and it and its affiliates may maintain commercial and other arrangements with the Company in the ordinary course of business. Elavon Financial Services DAC, UK Branch is the London Paying Agent for the Notes. U.S. Bank National Association is the transfer agent and registrar for the Notes, and it and/or its affiliates maintain normal banking relations with the Company. 

</EX-4>

<EX-21>
 4
 zbh-ex21.htm
 EX-21

EX-21 

Exhibit 21 
 Subsidiaries of Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. 
 As of December 31, 2022 

Name of Subsidiary 1 
 Jurisdiction of Formation 

Domestic subsidiaries : 

A E Advanced Closure Systems, LLC 
 Delaware 

A E Medical Corp. 
 New Jersey 

Alto Development Corp. 
 New Jersey 

Bayeux Acquisition Corp. 
 Virginia 

Biomet Biologics, LLC 
 Indiana 

Biomet CV Holdings, LLC 
 Delaware 

Biomet Fair Lawn LLC 
 Indiana 

Biomet International Orthopedics, LLC 
 Delaware 

Biomet International, Inc. 
 Delaware 

Biomet Leasing, Inc. 
 Indiana 

Biomet Manufacturing, LLC 
 Indiana 

Biomet Microfixation, LLC 
 Florida 

dba Zimmer Biomet CMF and Thoracic 

Biomet Orthopedics, LLC 
 Indiana 

Biomet Sports Medicine, LLC 
 Indiana 

dba Biomet Sports Medicine Limited Liability Company (Forced) 

Biomet Trauma, LLC 
 Indiana 

Biomet U.S. Reconstruction, LLC 
 Indiana 

Biomet, Inc. 
 Indiana 

dba Zimmer Biomet 

Cayenne Medical, Inc. 
 Delaware 

CD Diagnostics, Inc. 
 Delaware 

CD Laboratories, Inc. 
 Maryland 

Citra Labs, LLC 
 Indiana 

dba Biomet Citra Labs, LLC Forced 

Dornoch Medical Systems, Inc. 
 Illinois 

ETEX Corporation 
 Massachusetts 

dba Zimmer ETEX 

dba Zimmer Biomet ETEX 

ETEX Holdings, Inc. 
 Delaware 

dba Zimmer ETEX 

dba Zimmer Biomet ETEX 

Interpore Cross International, LLC 
 California 

dba Zimmer Biomet Irvine 

Jace Medical, LLC 
 Indiana 

LVB Acquisition, Inc. 
 Delaware 

Medical Compression Systems, Inc. 
 Delaware 

Medtech Surgical, Inc. 
 Delaware 

Orthopaedic Advantage, LLC 
 Indiana 

ReLign Corporation 
 Delaware 

Synvasive Technology, Inc. 
 California 

VSC Medical Holdings Inc. 
 Delaware 

ZB COOP LLC 
 Delaware 

ZB EMEA US UK LLC 
 Delaware 

ZB Manufacturing, LLC 
 Delaware 

Zimmer Biomet Americas Holding LLC 
 Delaware 

Zimmer Biomet Distribution LLC 
 Delaware 

Zimmer Biomet Integrations LLC 
 Delaware 

Zimmer Caribe, LLC 
 Delaware 

Zimmer CEP USA, Inc. 
 Delaware 

Name of Subsidiary 1 
 Jurisdiction of Formation 

Zimmer Co-op Holdings, LLC 
 Delaware 

Zimmer CV, Inc. 
 Delaware 

Zimmer Knee Creations, Inc. 
 Delaware 

Zimmer Orthobiologics, Inc. 
 New Jersey 

Zimmer Production, Inc. 
 Delaware 

Zimmer Southeast Florida, LLC 
 Delaware 

Zimmer Spine Next, Inc. 
 Delaware 

Zimmer Surgical, Inc. 
 Delaware 

Zimmer Trabecular Metal Technology, Inc. 
 New Jersey 

Zimmer US, Inc. 
 Delaware 

dba Zimmer Biomet 

dba Zimmer Biomet Bay Area 

dba Zimmer Biomet Mid-Atlantic 

dba Zimmer Biomet North Texas 

dba Zimmer Biomet Southern California 

dba Zimmer US Cooperative 

dba Compression Therapy Concepts 

dba CTC Inc. 

Zimmer, Inc. 
 Delaware 

dba Zimmer Biomet 

dba Zimmer Biomet Corporate Services Forced 

dba Z Hotel 

dba CD Diagnostics 

dba CD Laboratories 

Foreign subsidiaries : 

Biomet Argentina SA 
 Argentina 

Biomet Australia Pty. Ltd. 
 Australia 

Zimmer Australia Holding Pty. Ltd. 
 Australia 

Zimmer Biomet Pty. Ltd. 
 Australia 

Zimmer Biomet Austria GmbH 
 Austria 

ZH2LX Barbados Branch (branch) 
 Barbados 

Zimmer Biomet Finance Srl 
 Barbados 

Zimmer Biomet BVBA 
 Belgium 

Biomet Insurance Ltd. 
 Bermuda 

Biomet Brazil Medical Device Ltda. 
 Brazil 

WM World Medical Importacao e Exportacao Ltda. 
 Brazil 

Zimmer Biomet Brasil Ltda. 
 Brazil 

ORTHOsoft ULC 
 Canada 

dba Zimmer CAS 

Zimmer Biomet Canada, Inc. 
 Canada 

ZB Cayman (Asia) Holding Ltd. 
 Cayman Islands 

Biomet Chile SA 
 Chile 

Beijing Montagne Medical Device Co. Ltd. 
 China 

Biomet China Co., Ltd. 
 China 

Changzhou Biomet Medical Devices Co. Ltd. 
 China 

Shanghai Biomet Business Consulting Co. Ltd. 
 China 

Zhejiang Biomet Medical Products Co. Ltd. 
 China 

Zimmer Biomet CBT 
 China 

Zimmer (Shanghai) Medical International Trading Co., Ltd. 
 China 

Zimmer Biomet Colombia SAS 
 Colombia 

Zimmer Biomet Centroamerica SA 
 Costa Rica 

Zimmer Czech sro 
 Czech Republic 

Zimmer Biomet Denmark ApS 
 Denmark 

Zimmer Biomet Finland Oy 
 Finland 

Name of Subsidiary 1 
 Jurisdiction of Formation 

Biomet France Sarl 
 France 

Medtech SA 
 France 

Zimmer Biomet France SAS 
 France 

Zimmer Biomet France Holdings SAS 
 France 

Zimmer France Manufacturing Sarl 
 France 

Biomet Deutschland GmbH 
 Germany 

Zimmer Biomet Healthcare Management GmbH 
 Germany 

Zimmer Biomet Deutschland GmbH 
 Germany 

Zimmer Germany Holdings GmbH 
 Germany 

Zimmer International Logistics GmbH 
 Germany 

Zimmer Biomet Hellas SA 
 Greece 

Biomet Hong Kong Holding Ltd. 
 Hong Kong 

ZB Hong Kong Holding Ltd. 
 Hong Kong 

ZB Hong Kong Ltd. 
 Hong Kong 

Zimmer Asia (HK) Ltd. 
 Hong Kong 

Zimmer India Private Ltd. 
 India 

Zimmer Biomet Ireland Limited 
 Ireland 

Zimmer Orthopedics Manufacturing Limited 
 Ireland 

D.S. Comp Ltd. 
 Israel 

Zimmer Biomet Comp Ltd. 
 Israel 

Zimmer Biomet Medical Israel Ltd. 
 Israel 

Zimmer Biomet Italia Srl 
 Italy 

Zimmer Biomet GK 
 Japan 

Zimmer Biomet Kikaku G.K. 
 Japan 

Zimmer Biomet Korea Ltd. 
 Korea 

Zimmer Biomet OUS Holdings AG 
 Liechtenstein 

Zimmer Luxembourg Sarl 
 Luxembourg 

Zimmer Luxembourg II Sarl 
 Luxembourg 

Zimmer Medical Malaysia SDN BHD 
 Malaysia 

Biomet Mexico S.A. de C.V. 
 Mexico 

Representaciones Zimmer Inc., S. de R.L. de C.V. 
 Mexico 

A E Medical Europe BV 
 Netherlands 

A E Medical Europe Cooperatief U.A. 
 Netherlands 

Biomet C.V. 
 Netherlands 

Biomet Global Supply Chain Center B.V. 
 Netherlands 

Biomet Holdings B.V. 
 Netherlands 

Biomet Microfixation B.V. 
 Netherlands 

Medical Concepts Europe BV 
 Netherlands 

Medical Concepts Holding B.V. 
 Netherlands 

Medical Concepts Patents B.V. 
 Netherlands 

ZB COOP C.V. 
 Netherlands 

Zimmer Biomet Asia Holding B.V. 
 Netherlands 

Zimmer Biomet Nederland B.V. 
 Netherlands 

Zimmer Manufacturing B.V. 
 Netherlands 

Zimmer Netherlands Cooperatief U.A. 
 Netherlands 

Zimmer Biomet New Zealand Company 
 New Zealand 

Zimmer Biomet Norway AS 
 Norway 

Zimmer Biomet Polska Sp. z.o.o 
 Poland 

Zimmer Biomet Portugal Unipessoal, Lda 
 Portugal 

Biomet Orthopedics Puerto Rico, Inc. 
 Puerto Rico 

Zimmer Manufacturing B.V. (branch) 
 Puerto Rico 

Zimmer Biomet Romania S.R.L. 
 Romania 

Zimmer CIS Ltd. 
 Russia 

Zimmer Biomet Asel Alarabiya Limited Company 
 Saudi Arabia 

Zimmer Biomet Asia Holdings Pte. Ltd. 
 Singapore 

Name of Subsidiary 1 
 Jurisdiction of Formation 

Zimmer Pte. Ltd. 
 Singapore 

Zimmer Slovakia sro 
 Slovakia 

Zimmer Biomet South Africa (Pty) Ltd. 
 South Africa 

Biomet Spain Orthopaedics S.L. 
 Spain 

Zimmer Biomet Spain S.L. 
 Spain 

Biomet Cementing Technologies AB 
 Sweden 

Scandimed Holding AB 
 Sweden 

Zimmer Biomet Sweden AB 
 Sweden 

Zimmer Biomet Global Holdings Switzerland GmbH 
 Switzerland 

Zimmer GmbH 
 Switzerland 

Zimmer GmbH Euro IP Branch (branch) 
 Switzerland 

Zimmer GmbH, Zug Branch (branch) 
 Switzerland 

Zimmer Surgical SA 
 Switzerland 

Zimmer Switzerland Holdings LLC 
 Switzerland 

Zimmer Switzerland Manufacturing GmbH 
 Switzerland 

Zimmer Biomet Taiwan Co., Ltd. 
 Taiwan 

Zimmer Biomet (Thailand) Co., Ltd. 
 Thailand 

Zimmer Biomet Tibbi Cihazlar Sanayi ve Ticaret Anonim Sirketi 
 Turkey 

Zimmer Gulf FZ LLC 
 United Arab Emirates 

Biomet Acquisitions (Unlimited) 
 United Kingdom 

Biomet UK Ltd. 
 United Kingdom 

Biomet UK Healthcare Ltd. 
 United Kingdom 

ZB EMEA 1 LP 
 United Kingdom 

ZB EMEA Finance UK 1 Ltd. 
 United Kingdom 

ZB EMEA Finance UK 2 Ltd. 
 United Kingdom 

ZB EMEA Finance UK 3 Ltd. 
 United Kingdom 

ZB EMEA Finance UK 4 Ltd. 
 United Kingdom 

ZB UK Group Holdings Limited 
 United Kingdom 

Zimmer Biomet UK Ltd. 
 United Kingdom 

Zimmer Trustee Ltd. 
 United Kingdom 

Zimmer UK Limited 
 United Kingdom 

Zimmer Pte. Ltd. (branch) 
 Vietnam 

1 Excludes certain entities that have de minimis activity or are in the process of being liquidated or dissolved and that, if considered in the aggregate as a single subsidiary, would not constitute a significant subsidiary. 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 5
 zbh-ex23.htm
 EX-23

EX-23 

Exhibit 23 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (Nos. 333-65934, 333-65936, 333-65938, 333-101243, 333-101265, 333-125667, 333-131164, 333-140939, 333-155757, 333-165078, 333-172463, 333-179700, 333-186951, 333-194269, 333-216367, and 333-261349) and Form S-3 (No. 333-263051) of Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. of our report dated February 24, 2023 relating to the financial statements, financial statement schedule and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10-K. /s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP Chicago, Illinois February 24, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31>
 6
 zbh-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Bryan Hanson, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors: 

a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 24, 2023 

/s/ Bryan Hanson 

Bryan Hanson 

Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 7
 zbh-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Suketu Upadhyay, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors: 

a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 24, 2023 

/s/ Suketu Upadhyay 

Suketu Upadhyay 

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 8
 zbh-ex32.htm
 EX-32

EX-32 

Exhibit 32 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), each of the undersigned certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Bryan Hanson 

Bryan Hanson 

Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

February 24, 2023 

/s/ Suketu Upadhyay 

Suketu Upadhyay 

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

February 24, 2023 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 zbh-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 zbh-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 zbh-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 zbh-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.SCH>
 14
 zbh-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

