<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230324_10-K_edgar_data_1948056_0001948056-23-000004.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3128715</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>922429</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>667349</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>987241</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>262805</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>217283</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001948056-23-000004.hdr.sgml : 20230324
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230324165930
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001948056-23-000004
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		36
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230324
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230324

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			KKR Infrastructure Conglomerate LLC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001948056
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	INVESTORS, NEC [6799]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56484
		FILM NUMBER:		23760607

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		30 HUDSON YARDS
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10001
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-750-8300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		30 HUDSON YARDS
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10001

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001948056-23-000004.txt : 20230324

10-K
 1
 kkr-20221231.htm
 10-K

kkr-20221231 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from to . 
 
 Commission file number 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 Registrant's telephone number, including area code 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 
 None 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act: 
 (Title of class) 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes o 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports); and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
 Large accelerated filer o 
 Accelerated filer 
 o 

Smaller reporting company 
 
 Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by a check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously filed financial statements. o 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). o 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No o 
 
 APPLICABLE ONLY TO REGISTRANTS INVOLVED IN BANKRUPTCY 
 PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PRECEDING FIVE YEARS: 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed all documents and reports required to be filed by Section 12, 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 subsequent to the distribution of securities under a plan confirmed by a court. o No o 
 
 (APPLICABLE ONLY TO CORPORATE REGISTRANTS) 
 
 As of March 24, 2023, the registrant had Class G Shares outstanding. 

Table of Contents 

 Table of Contents 
 Page Part I 
 Item 1. Business 
 1 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 13 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 46 
 Item 2. Properties 
 46 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 46 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 46 
 Part II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 47 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 47 
 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 48 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 57 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 58 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 
 65 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 65 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 65 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdiction That Prevent Inspections 
 66 
 Part III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 67 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 70 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owner and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 71 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 72 
 Item 14. Prin cipal Accounting Fees and Services 
 117 
 Part IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 118 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 120 
 Signatures 
 121 

Table of Contents 

 Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 Some of the statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), because they relate to future events or our future performance or financial condition. The forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K may include statements as to: 
 
 our future operating results; 
 our business prospects and the prospects of the Infrastructure Assets we own and control; 
 our ability to raise sufficient capital to execute our acquisition strategies; 
 the ability of the Manager to source adequate acquisition opportunities to efficiently deploy capital; 
 the ability of our Infrastructure Assets to achieve their objectives; 
 our current and expected financing arrangements; 
 changes in the general interest rate environment; 
 the adequacy of our cash resources, financing sources and working capital; 
 the timing and amount of cash flows, distributions and dividends, if any, from our Infrastructure Assets; 
 our contractual arrangements and relationships with third parties; 
 actual and potential conflicts of interest with the Manager or any of its affiliates; 
 the dependence of our future success on the general economy and its effect on the industries in which we own and control Infrastructure Assets; 
 our use of financial leverage; 
 the ability of the Manager to identify, acquire and support our Infrastructure Assets; 
 the ability of the Manager or its affiliates to attract and retain highly talented professionals; 
 our ability to structure acquisitions and joint ventures in a tax-efficient manner and the effect of changes to tax legislation and our tax position; and 
 the tax status of the enterprises through which we own and control Infrastructure Assets. 
 
 In addition, words such as anticipate, believe, expect and intend indicate a forward-looking statement, although not all forward-looking statements include these words. The forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those implied or expressed in the forward-looking statements for any reason, including the factors set forth in Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and in our other filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). Other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially include: 
 
 changes in the economy; 
 risks associated with possible disruption in our operations or the economy generally due to terrorism, natural disasters, epidemics or other events having a broad impact on the economy; and 
 future changes in laws or regulations and conditions in our operating areas. 
 
 Although we believe that the assumptions on which these forward-looking statements are based are reasonable, any of those assumptions could prove to be inaccurate, and as a result, the forward-looking statements based on those assumptions also could be inaccurate. In light of these and other uncertainties, the inclusion of a projection or forward-looking statement in this Annual Report on Form 10-K should not be regarded as a representation by us that our plans and objectives will be achieved. These forward-looking statements apply only as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Moreover, we assume no duty and do not undertake to update the forward-looking statements, except as required by law. 

Table of Contents 

 Summary of Risk Factors 
 
 The following is only a summary of the principal risks that may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. The following should be read in conjunction with the complete discussion of risk factors we face, which are set forth in Item 1A. Risk Factors . 
 
 Risks Related to Our Infrastructure Assets and Industry Focus 
 We face heightened risks unique to the nature of our Infrastructure Assets. 
 Our Infrastructure Assets may not exhibit mitigating characteristics typical of assets, businesses or projects in the infrastructure space. As a result, there can be no assurance that any perceived benefits of Infrastructure Assets will be realized. 
 The operation and maintenance of Infrastructure Assets involve significant capital expenditures and various risks, which may not be under the control of the Company. 
 Infrastructure Assets may experience supply chain disruptions that could adversely impact the Company s business and financial condition. 
 Our business, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected by volatility in commodity prices. 
 Changes or innovations in technology could affect the profitability of an Infrastructure Asset that relies on existing technology. 
 The effect of global climate change may impact our business. 
 Force majeure events may adversely affect our assets. 
 We may need to incur financial leverage to be able to achieve our business objectives. We cannot guarantee the availability of such financings. 
 The acquisition of Infrastructure Assets exposes the Company to a higher level of regulatory control than typically imposed on other businesses. 
 Federal, state and foreign anti-corruption and trade sanctions laws and restrictions on foreign direct investment applicable to us and our Infrastructure Assets create the potential for significant liabilities and penalties, the inability to complete transactions, imposition of significant costs and burdens, and reputational harm. 
 Compliance with environmental laws and regulations may result in substantial costs to the Company. 
 We anticipate being subject to increasing focus by our investors, regulators and other stakeholders on ESG matters. 
 We are subject to risks resulting from owning and controlling Infrastructure Assets outside of more developed economies. 
 Geographical concentration of the Company s Infrastructure Assets may make the assets more susceptible to changing conditions of particular geographic regions. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Structure 
 We will depend on the Manager and KKR to achieve our business objectives. 
 Our ability to achieve our business objective depends on the ability of the Manager to identify, acquire and support our Infrastructure Assets. 
 We will rely on the ability of the management teams of our Infrastructure Assets to implement any agreed-upon reorganization plans but cannot assure they will be able to do so in accordance with the Company s expectations. 
 Our Infrastructure Assets may rely on third-party managers or operators which may fail to perform their duties adequately. 
 There are various conflicts of interest in our relationship with KKR, including with our Manager and in the allocation of management resources to KKR Vehicles and us, which could result in decisions that are not in the best interests of our shareholders. 
 We would not be able to operate our business according to our business plans if we are required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. 
 If we are required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act, we would likely be treated as a publicly traded partnership that is subject to corporate income taxes. 
 Our LLC Agreement contains provisions that reduce or eliminate duties (including fiduciary duties) of our Board and limit remedies available to Shareholders for actions that might otherwise constitute a breach of duty. It will be difficult for Shareholders to successfully challenge a resolution of a conflict of interest in accordance with the LLC Agreement. 
 The Board, KKR, the Manager, our officers and their respective affiliates and certain service providers will be entitled to exculpation and indemnification resulting in limited right of action for Shareholders. 

Table of Contents 

 We have certain reporting obligations not applicable to private companies. We need to make significant capital expenditures to be in compliance with certain regulations not applicable to private companies. Failure to comply with such regulations may have an adverse effect on our business. 
 We could be subject to review and approval by CFIUS or other regulatory agencies resulting in limitations or restrictions on our acquisitions and joint ventures. 
 We could become subject to the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, and potential Controlled Group Liability. 
 Failure to comply with Data Protection and Privacy Laws could lead to significant fines, sanctions and penalties. 
 Cybersecurity risks could result in the loss of data, interruptions in our business and damage to our reputation, and subject us to regulatory actions, increased costs and financial losses, each of which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 
 Risks Related to an Investment in Our Shares 
 There is no market for the Shares and Shareholders will bear the risks of owning Shares for an extended period of time due to limited repurchases. 
 We may amend the LLC Agreement without Shareholder approval and Shareholders will not be entitled to vote for the election of directors or have any right to influence or control the Company s operations. 
 The amount of any distributions we may pay is uncertain. We may not be able to sustain the payment of distributions. 
 Valuations of our assets are estimates of fair value and may not necessarily correspond to realizable value. 
 Monthly NAV calculations are not governed by governmental or independent securities, financial or accounting rules or standards. 
 We are a new company and have a limited operating history. 
 Due to the nature of Infrastructure Assets, shareholders will have limited liquidity and may not receive a full return of their invested capital if they elect to have their shares repurchased by the Company. 
 There is no public trading market for Shares of the Company; therefore, a Shareholder s ability to dispose of its Shares will likely be limited to repurchase by us. If a Shareholder sells its Shares to us, the Shareholder may receive less than the price it paid. 
 A shareholder s ability to have its shares repurchased by us is limited. 
 Economic events that may cause our shareholders to request that we repurchase their shares in connection with a tender offer by us may materially and adversely affect our cash flows, our results of operations and financial condition. 
 The Company may require a Shareholder to have their shares repurchased at any time in its sole discretion. 
 Holders of Class R Shares and Class U Shares may have their shares automatically converted to Class I Shares or Class S Shares, respectively. 
 Payment of the Management Fee or Performance Participation Allocation in Shares will dilute a Shareholder s interest in the Company. 
 Shareholders holding Shares through accounts regulated by ERISA, such as individual retirement accounts (IRAs) and 401(k) plans, may be subject to additional regulatory and tax risks. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Liquidity Portfolio 
 We may hold corporate bonds. 
 We may be subject to the risk of commercial mortgage backed securities CMBS ). 
 We may be subject to residential mortgage-backed securities RMBS risk. 
 Our holdings of pass-through certificates, securitization vehicles or other special purpose entities (collectively, asset-backed securities may involve risks that differ from or are greater than risks associated with other types of instruments. 
 Collateralized bond obligations, collateralized loan obligations and other collateralized debt obligations are subject to additional risk. 
 
 Risks Related to Taxation 
 The Company s ability to make distributions depends on it receiving sufficient cash distributions from its underlying operating subsidiaries, and we cannot assure our Shareholders that our Company will be able to make cash distributions to them in amounts that are sufficient to fund their tax liabilities. 
 If the Company or the Operating Subsidiaries were to be treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the value of our Shares might be adversely affected. 

Table of Contents 

 Part I. 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 References herein to KKR Infrastructure Conglomerate, Company, we, us, or our refer to KKR Infrastructure Conglomerate LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, and its subsidiaries unless the context specifically requires otherwise. 
 General Description of Business and Operations 
 KKR Infrastructure Conglomerate LLC was formed on September 23, 2022 as a limited liability company under the laws of the state of Delaware and we operate our business in a manner permitting us to be excluded from the definition of investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ). We are a holding company that seeks to acquire, own and control portfolio companies, special purpose vehicles and other entities through which infrastructure assets or businesses will be held Infrastructure Assets ), with the objective of generating attractive risk-adjusted returns consisting of both current income and capital appreciation. Our Infrastructure Assets will include existing companies, businesses, hard assets, properties and other assets, and may also include new companies, businesses and development projects. 
 We are sponsored by Kohlberg Kravis Roberts Co. L.P. (together with its subsidiaries, KKR and expect to benefit from KKR s infrastructure sourcing and management platform pursuant to a management agreement to be entered into with KKR DAV Manager LLC (the Manager to support the Company in managing its portfolio of Infrastructure Assets with the objective of generating risk-adjusted returns consisting of both current income and capital appreciation for shareholders. We have no operations as of December 31, 2022 other than matters relating to our organization. 
 
 We have been established by KKR to control and manage joint ventures Joint Ventures that, directly or indirectly, own majority stakes in Infrastructure Assets, and to a lesser extent, Joint Ventures that own influential yet non-majority stakes in Infrastructure Assets. We anticipate acquiring, owning and controlling Infrastructure Assets through Joint Ventures in the geographies where KKR is active, including North America, Western Europe and Asia Pacific. Over time, we expect to acquire Infrastructure Assets that generate attractive risk-adjusted returns, using proceeds raised from future offerings of our securities, distributions from Infrastructure Assets, and opportunistically recycling capital generated from dispositions of Infrastructure Assets. 
 
 A key part of our strategy is to form Joint Ventures by pooling capital with KKR Vehicles (defined below) that target acquisitions of Infrastructure Assets that are compatible with our business strategy. We expect that we will own nearly all of our Infrastructure Assets through Joint Ventures alongside one or more KKR Vehicles and that the Joint Ventures will be managed in a way that reflects the commonality of interests between the KKR Vehicles and the Company. We believe that a joint acquisition and management strategy between the KKR Vehicles and the Company will lead to greater opportunities to gain sufficient influence or control over Infrastructure Assets to deploy an operations-oriented management approach to value creation with the objective of achieving both current income and capital appreciation. We plan to own all or substantially all of our Infrastructure Assets directly or indirectly through one of our wholly-owned operating subsidiaries, K-INFRA Holdings I LLC Holdings I or K-INFRA Holdings II LLC (and together with Holdings I, the Operating Subsidiaries ). We expect to hold our Infrastructure Assets and Joint Ventures through one or more corporations, limited liability companies or limited partnerships. 
 
 We expect that over the long-term Joint Ventures and Infrastructure Assets will make up approximately 85 of our assets. Additionally, we expect that approximately 15 of our assets will consist of cash and cash equivalents, U.S. Treasury securities, U.S. government agency securities, municipal securities, other sovereign debt, investment grade credit, and other investments including high yield credit, asset backed securities, mortgage backed securities, collateralized loan obligations, leveraged loans and/or debt of companies or assets (collectively, the Liquidity Portfolio in each case to facilitate capital deployment and provide a potential source of liquidity. These types of liquid assets may exceed 15 of our assets at any given time due to distributions from, or dispositions of, Infrastructure Assets or for other reasons as our Manager determines. 
 
 We have a board of directors (the Board whose corporate governance responsibilities are based on fiduciary duties applicable to Delaware limited liability companies, as modified by our second amended and restated limited liability company agreement (the LLC Agreement ). The Board consists of six directors, half of whom are independent. The Board oversees the management of the Company and the performance of the Manager. Actual or potential conflicts of interest will arise from time to time between the Company, KKR and the KKR Vehicles. Our independent directors are 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 expected to approve protocols for handling actual and potential conflicts of interest and may be called upon from time to time to approve specific conflicts on behalf of our audit committee (the Audit Committee ). 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had neither engaged in any principal operations nor generated any revenues. Our entire activity since inception through December 31, 2022 was to prepare for our proposed fundraising through a continuous private offering of our shares to (i) accredited investors (as defined in Regulation D under the Securities Act) and (ii) in the case of shares sold outside the United States, to persons that are not U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) in reliance on exemptions from the registration requirements of the Securities Act (the Private Offering ). We currently offer five classes of Investor Shares: Class S Shares, Class D Shares, Class U Shares, Class I Shares and Class R Shares (collectively, the Investor Shares and, collectively with the KKR Shares (defined below), the Shares ). We may offer additional classes of Investor Shares in the future. The share classes have different upfront selling commissions and ongoing stockholder servicing fees. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had neither purchased nor contracted to purchase any Infrastructure Assets. 
 
 We operate our business in a manner permitting us to maintain an exclusion from registration under the Investment Company Act. 
 
 The funds, investment vehicles and accounts managed, now or in the future, by KKR, the Manager, KKR Credit or any of their respective affiliates (excluding for this purpose, KKR proprietary entities), including funds, investment vehicles and accounts pursuing the following strategies: private equity (including growth equity, impact, and core strategies), credit (including (i) leveraged credit strategies, including leveraged loan, high-yield bond, opportunistic credit and revolving credit strategies, and (ii) alternative credit strategies, including special situations and private credit strategies such as direct lending and private opportunistic credit (or mezzanine) investment strategies), and real asset strategies (including real estate, energy and infrastructure strategies) are collectively referred to herein as KKR Vehicles . 
 
 The Manager 
 
 We are managed by the Manager, a wholly owned subsidiary of KKR and an investment adviser registered under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended (the Advisers Act ). The Manager will manage the Company pursuant to the terms of the Management Agreement and support the Company in managing its portfolio of Infrastructure Assets with the objective of generating risk-adjusted returns consisting of both current income and capital appreciation for holders of our Shares (the Shareholders ). KKR is a leading global investment firm that manages multiple alternative asset classes, including real assets (comprised of infrastructure, energy and real estate), private equity, and credit liquid strategies. As of December 31, 2022, KKR had aggregate assets under management of approximately 504 billion. 
 
 In 2008, KKR established a dedicated infrastructure team and strategy focused on infrastructure investment opportunities located in member countries of the Organisation For Economic Co-operation and Development OECD ). KKR has dedicated considerable time and resources to building an infrastructure platform comprising a team of investment professionals and operating executives dedicated to infrastructure (the KKR Infrastructure Team ), which reflects KKR s deep, long-term commitment to the infrastructure asset class. The KKR Infrastructure Team, led by Raj Agrawal, has dedicated investment professionals located in offices around the world. 
 
 KKR has been one of the more active infrastructure investors globally and, as of December 31, 2022, manages over 50 billion in infrastructure assets through KKR Global Infrastructure Investors II L.P. (together with its parallel vehicles and alternative vehicles, Global Infrastructure Fund II ), KKR Global Infrastructure Investors III L.P. (together with its parallel vehicles and alternative vehicles, Global Infrastructure Fund III ), KKR Global Infrastructure Investors IV (USD) SCSp (together with its parallel vehicles and alternative vehicles, Global Infrastructure Fund IV and together with KKR Global Infrastructure Investors L.P. (together with its parallel vehicles and alternative vehicles, Global Infrastructure Fund I ), Global Infrastructure Fund II and Global Infrastructure Fund III, the Global Infrastructure Strategy ), KKR Asia Pacific Infrastructure Investors SCSp (together with its parallel vehicles and alternative vehicles, Asia Pacific Infrastructure Fund I ), KKR Asia Pacific Infrastructure Investors II SCSp (together with its parallel vehicles and alternative vehicles, Asia Pacific Infrastructure Fund II ), and KKR Diversified Core Infrastructure Fund (A) SCSp (together with its parallel vehicles and alternative vehicles, Diversified Core Infrastructure Fund ). 
 
 The KKR Infrastructure Team has significant experience executing infrastructure and infrastructure-related transactions. KKR s tenure and experience in infrastructure, as well as its deep relationships within individual regional markets, have enabled KKR to develop an extensive network of contacts and relationships that we view as a central component of KKR s competitive advantage. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

The Company and the Manager expect to enter the Management Agreement pursuant to which the Manager will be entitled to receive a management fee (the Management Fee and expense reimbursements. So long as the Management Agreement has not been terminated, KKR will also receive a performance participation allocation (the Performance Participation Allocation ). See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Results of Operations Expenses Management Fee and Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Results of Operations Expenses Performance Participation Allocation for additional information. The Manager will delegate the portfolio management function for the Liquidity Portfolio to KKR Credit Advisors (US) LLC and KKR Credit Advisors (Ireland) Unlimited Company (the Liquidity Managers ). The executive committee of the Company (the Executive Committee will have the ability to determine the portion of our assets that will be managed by each Liquidity Manager, but is not expected to have investment-level discretion for the portion managed by each Liquidity Manager. 
 
 In consideration for its services, each Liquidity Manager will be entitled to receive a fee payable by the Manager (out of its Management Fee) in an amount to be agreed between the Manager and each Liquidity Manager from time to time. 
 Management Agreement 
 
 The Manager will provide management services to us pursuant to the Management Agreement. Under the terms of the 
 Management Agreement, the Manager is responsible for the following: 
 
 originating and recommending opportunities to form Joint Ventures to acquire Infrastructure Assets, consistent with the business objectives and strategy of the Company; 
 
 monitoring and evaluating our Infrastructure Assets; 
 
 analyzing and investigating potential dispositions of Infrastructure Assets, including identification of potential acquirers and evaluations of offers made by such potential acquirers; 
 
 structuring of Joint Ventures and acquisitions of Infrastructure Assets; 
 
 identifying bank and institutional sources of financing, arrangement of appropriate introductions and marketing of financial proposals; 
 
 supervising the preparation and review of all documents required in connection with the acquisition, disposition or financing of each Infrastructure Asset; 
 
 administrative services for which we will reimburse KKR; 
 
 monitoring the performance of Infrastructure Assets and, where appropriate, providing advice regarding the management of Joint Ventures and Infrastructure Assets; 
 
 arranging and coordinating the services of other professionals and consultants, including KKR personnel; 
 
 making recommendations to the Company s repurchase committee with respect to the Company s tender offers; and 
 
 providing us with such other services as the Board may, from time to time, appoint the Manager to be responsible for and perform, consistent with the terms of the Management Agreement. 
 
 The Manager s services under the Management Agreement will not be exclusive, and the Manager will be free to furnish similar services to other entities, and it intends to do so, so long as its services to us are not impaired. For the avoidance of doubt, the management, policies and operations of the Company shall be the ultimate responsibility of the Board acting pursuant to and in accordance with the LLC Agreement. 
 
 The term of the Management Agreement is expected to continue indefinitely unless terminated as described below. We anticipate that the Management Agreement may be terminated upon the affirmative vote of all of our independent directors, based upon unsatisfactory performance by the Manager that is materially detrimental to us and our subsidiaries taken as a 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 whole. We will need to provide the Manager 180 days written notice of any termination. Upon termination, the Manager will be paid a termination fee (the Termination Fee equal to three times the sum of (i) the average annual Management Fee earned by the Manager and (ii) the average annual Performance Participation Allocation received by KKR during the 24-month period immediately preceding the most recently completed calendar quarter prior to the date of termination of the Management Agreement. 
 
 We expect that the Manager may terminate the Management Agreement if we become required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act, with such termination deemed to occur immediately before such event, in which case we would not be required to pay a Termination Fee. The Manager may also terminate the Management Agreement by providing us with 180 days written notice, in which case we would not be required to pay a Termination Fee. In addition, if we default in the performance or observance of any material term, condition or covenant contained in the Management Agreement and the default continues for a period of 30 days after written notice to us requesting that the default be remedied within that period, the Manager may terminate the Management Agreement upon 60 days written notice, and we would be required to pay a Termination Fee. 
 
 In addition, if our Management Agreement is terminated, we expect that the Management Agreement will obligate us to forfeit our controlling interest in any Joint Venture, which would likely require us to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act and adversely affect an investment in our Shares. We also expect that the Management Agreement will require us to redeem any Class E Shares, Class F Shares, Class G Shares or Class H Shares (collectively, the KKR Shares if the Management Agreement is terminated, which could require us to liquidate Infrastructure Assets at unfavorable times or prices, which may adversely affect an investment in our Shares. 
 Acquisition Strategies 
 We seek to generate attractive risk-adjusted returns consisting of both current income and capital appreciation by focusing on Joint Ventures and Infrastructure Assets. Our business strategy is to control and manage Joint Ventures that hold Infrastructure Assets for the long term. We may exit Infrastructure Assets opportunistically, and in such cases will seek to redeploy capital into and/or to manage securities, properties and other assets as our business develops. 
 We believe the infrastructure market has matured sufficiently to present attractive opportunities across multiple sectors, geographies and asset types as well as risk profiles. We expect to manage and control Infrastructure Assets across a number of different infrastructure sectors, geographies and asset types. Potential target sectors include, but are not limited to: 
 
 Asset leasing 
 
 Digital infrastructure 
 
 Energy transition 
 
 Energy value chain 
 
 Industrial de-carbonization 
 
 Infrastructure services 
 
 Public-private-partnerships 
 
 Social infrastructure 
 
 Telecommunication 
 
 Transportation 
 
 Utilities 
 
 Waste 
 
 Other infrastructure assets and services 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 We also expect to control and manage Infrastructure Assets across asset risk profiles. In particular, we plan to acquire existing companies, businesses, hard assets, properties and other assets, and may also pursue new companies, businesses and development projects. We expect that, over time, the diversification and asymmetric risks of Infrastructure Assets across a portfolio of asset types will reduce our overall risk profile. 
 
 Borrowing Policies 
 We may use financial leverage to provide additional funds to support our acquisitions. We expect to use entity level debt (incurred by the Company or its subsidiaries), such as revolving credit facilities, and expect the Infrastructure Assets will utilize asset level debt financing (debt at the operating entity level). 
 Asset level debt may be incurred by Infrastructure Assets or by Joint Ventures entered into by one of our operating entities and secured by Infrastructure Assets owned by such operating entities. If an operating entity or Joint Venture were to default on an asset-level loan, the lender s recourse would be to the Infrastructure Assets and the lender would typically not have a claim to other assets of the Company or its subsidiaries. There is no guarantee that the Company s operating entities will be able to obtain leverage on Infrastructure Assets on attractive terms or at all. 
 Other than borrowings incurred solely to provide interim financing prior to the receipt of capital (and not for permanent or long-term financing with respect to an Infrastructure Asset or Company expenses), the Company does not intend to incur cash borrowings to the extent such borrowings would cause the aggregate amount of recourse indebtedness for borrowed money incurred by the Company to exceed 30 of the Company s total assets, measured at the time we make such borrowings. There is, however, no limit on the amount we may borrow with respect to any individual operating entity or Joint Venture that is not recourse to the Company. During the initial ramp-up period of the Company, our leverage may exceed our target. We may also exceed a leverage ratio of 30 at other times, particularly during a market downturn or in connection with a large acquisition. The Company may also enter into an unsecured line of credit with KKR for such purposes. KKR may face conflicts of interest in connection with any borrowings or disputes under this unsecured line of credit. In addition, we may have a variety of financial arrangements (including reverse repurchase agreements and derivative transactions) that have similar effects as leverage. 
 We might not use leverage at all times and the amount of leverage may vary depending upon a number of factors, including the Manager s outlook for the market and the costs that the Company would incur as a result of such leverage. Any borrowings would have seniority over the Shares. There is no assurance that our leveraging strategy will be successful. 
 The Board may authorize use of leverage by the Company, any of our Joint Ventures or any of our Infrastructure Assets without the approval of Shareholders. 
 We may borrow money through a revolving credit facility with one or more unaffiliated third-party lenders for acquisition purposes, to pay operating expenses, to make distributions, to satisfy repurchase requests from shareholders, and otherwise to provide the Company with temporary liquidity. In addition, we may enter into an unsecured line of credit with KKR or one of its affiliates for such purposes. KKR or one of its affiliates may face conflicts of interest in connection with any borrowings or disputes under this unsecured line of credit. 
 Our future Credit Facilities (the Credit Facilities may contain customary covenants that, among other things, limit our ability to pay distributions in certain circumstances, incur additional debt and engage in certain transactions, including mergers and consolidations, and require asset coverage ratios. In connection with any Credit Facility, we may be required to pledge some or all of our assets and to maintain a portion of our assets in cash or high-grade securities as a reserve against interest or principal payments and expenses. The lenders of such Credit Facility may have the ability to foreclose on such assets in the event of a default under the Credit Facility pursuant to agreements among the Company, our custodian and such lenders. We expect that any such Credit Facility would have customary covenant, negative covenant and default provisions. There can be no assurance that we will enter into an agreement for any new Credit Facility on terms and conditions representative of the foregoing, or that additional material terms will not apply. In addition, if entered into, the Credit Facility may in the future be replaced or refinanced by one or more Credit Facilities having substantially different terms or by the issuance of debt securities. 
 Changes in the value of our Infrastructure Assets, including costs attributable to leverage, are borne entirely by the holders of the Shares. 
 Utilization of leverage involves certain risks to holders of the Shares. These include the possibility of higher volatility of the net asset value NAV of the Shares. So long as our Infrastructure Assets increase in value at a higher rate than the then-current cost of any leverage together with other related expenses, the leverage will cause holders of Shares to realize a 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 higher rate of return than if we were not so leveraged. On the other hand, to the extent that the then-current cost of any leverage, together with other related expenses, approaches any increase in value of our Infrastructure Assets, the benefit of leverage to holders of Shares is reduced, and if the then-current cost of any leverage together with related expenses were to exceed any increase in value of our Infrastructure Assets, our leveraged capital structure would result in a lower rate of return to holders of Shares than if the Company were not so leveraged. 
 Competition 
 The infrastructure sector in which we will seek Infrastructure Assets has become highly competitive. We will be competing for Infrastructure Assets with operating companies, financial institutions, entities specializing in engineering, and other institutional investors as well as private equity, hedge funds, infrastructure and investment funds. These investors could make competing offers for Infrastructure Asset opportunities identified by the Manager and its affiliates. As a result, such competition could mean that the prices and terms on which purchases of Infrastructure Assets are made could be less beneficial to the Company than would otherwise have been the case. 
 We and our Joint Ventures will seek to manage and control Infrastructure Assets within the infrastructure space, in assets, businesses or projects that typically have some or all of the following characteristics: regulated or substantially contracted revenue streams; immediate access to cash yield; long-term expected hold periods; limited demand or usage risk, or usage risk driven primarily by favorable demographic factors; a low level of exposure to market competition due to natural monopoly characteristics, government regulation or contractual protections, natural geographic restrictions or high capital investment costs; properties or other assets that provide essential services that are less dependent on market conditions; assets that exhibit barriers to entry or completion, long-life real assets; assets that can be financed with long-term, fixed rate debt (often investment grade); assets that exhibit stable cash flows and relatively high cash distributions; and assets with a long-term expected hold period. 
 
 Deployment of Capital 
 
 In light of the nature of our plans to conduct continuous offerings in relation to our business strategy and the need to be able to deploy potentially large amounts of capital quickly to capitalize on potential opportunities, if we or our Joint Ventures have difficulty identifying and acquiring suitable Infrastructure Assets on attractive terms, there could be a delay between the time we receive net proceeds from the sale of shares in our Private Offering and the time we invest the net proceeds. We may also from time to time hold cash or liquid investments pending deployment into Infrastructure Assets, which cash holdings may at times be significant, particularly at times when we are receiving significant offering proceeds and/or times when there are few attractive business opportunities. Such cash may be held in an account that may be invested in money market accounts or other similar temporary investments, each of which are subject to the Management Fee. 
 
 In the event we are unable to find suitable Infrastructure Assets, such cash or liquid investments may be maintained for longer periods which would be dilutive to overall returns. This could cause a substantial delay in the time it takes for a shareholder s investment in us to realize its full potential return and could adversely affect our ability to pay regular distributions of cash flow from operations to shareholders. It is not anticipated that the temporary investment of such cash into money market accounts or other similar temporary investments pending deployment into Infrastructure Assets will generate significant interest, and shareholders should understand that such low interest payments on the temporarily invested cash may adversely affect overall returns. If we fail to timely deploy the net proceeds of sales of shares or do not deploy sufficient capital in connection with our use of leverage, our results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected and/or we may become required to register under the Investment Company Act. 
 
 Distributions 
 
 Beginning with the end of our first full calendar quarter after which we sell shares to non-affiliates in our Private Offering, we will seek to pay regular quarterly distributions at an attractive distribution yield to Shareholders of record. We intend to declare and accrue distributions monthly and pay distributions quarterly. However, there can be no guarantee that the Company will pay quarterly distributions consistently and at a specific rate, or at all. 
 
 Our distributions may and are expected to exceed our earnings and cash flow from operating activities and may be paid from borrowings, proceeds from our Private Offering and other sources, including the sale of our assets or return of capital, especially during the period shortly after investing the proceeds from our Private Offering. Funding distributions from the sale of our assets or offering proceeds will result in us having less funds available to acquire Infrastructure Assets. As a result, our performance may be reduced, and doing so may also negatively impact our ability to generate cash flows. In 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 addition, because the Manager does not charge a Management Fee on and KKR does not receive a Performance Participation Allocation for KKR Shares, the per Share amount of distributions on the KKR Shares could be higher compared to the Investor Shares. 
 
 Cash distributions to holders of our Shares will automatically be reinvested under our Distribution Reinvestment Plan (the DRIP in additional whole and fractional Shares attributable to the class of Shares that a Shareholder owns unless such holders elect to receive distributions in cash. Shareholders may terminate their participation in the DRIP with prior written notice to us. Under the DRIP, Shareholders distributions are reinvested in Shares of the same class owned by the Shareholder for a purchase price equal to the most recently available NAV per share. Shareholders will not pay a sales load when purchasing shares under our DRIP; however, all outstanding Class S Shares will be subject to a dealer manager fee, and Class S, Class D and Class U Shares, including those purchased under our DRIP, will be subject to ongoing shareholder servicing fees. 
 
 Any cash distribution by the Company to a Shareholder that is not reinvested under the DRIP will reduce such Shareholder s basis in the Shares. When a Shareholder sells Shares in the Company, the amount, if any, by which the amount realized exceeds the basis in such Shares is gain subject to tax. As a result of distributions throughout the term of a Shareholder s investment, a Shareholder may be required to pay tax even if selling its investment in the Shares for an amount less than it paid. In addition, in order to make such distributions, we might have to indirectly sell a portion of our Infrastructure Assets at a time when independent judgment might not dictate such action. Our actual financial performance will likely vary significantly quarterly and from year-to-year, and there may be extended periods of up to several years when the distribution rate will exceed the Company s actual total returns. Our projected or actual distribution rate is not a prediction of what the Company s actual total returns will be over any specific future period. 
 
 Various factors will affect the level of the Company s income, including the asset mix and the amount of leverage utilized by the Company. To permit the Company to maintain a more stable quarterly distribution, we may from time to time distribute less than the entire amount of income earned in a particular period. The undistributed income would be available to supplement future distributions. As a result, the distributions paid by the Company for any particular quarter may be more or less than the amount of income actually earned by the Company during that period. Undistributed income will add to our net asset value and, correspondingly, distributions of previously undistributed income will reduce the Company s NAV. 
 
 Share Repurchases 
 
 The following is a summary of the Company s current expectations with respect to repurchases of its Shares, which are not expected to commence until January 2024 and remain subject to modification prior to such time. 
 
 Quarterly Tender Offers 
 
 We do not currently intend to list our Shares for trading on any securities exchange or any other trading market. In recognition that a secondary market for our Shares likely will not develop, the Manager expects that it will generally recommend to the Repurchase Committee that we conduct quarterly tender offers for (i) up to 5 of the aggregate NAV of our outstanding Class S, Class D, Class U, Class I, Class R and Class F Shares at a price based on the NAV per Share for each applicable class as of the last business day of the quarter prior to the commencement of the tender offer and (ii) depending upon the criteria set forth below, additional Class S, Class D, Class U, Class I, Class R and Class F Shares (collectively, Excess Shares at a price based on 90 of the NAV per Share for each applicable class as of the last business day of the quarter prior to the commencement of the tender offer. For each quarterly tender offer, the number of Excess Shares, if any, that the Manager determines to recommend that the Company offer to purchase will depend on the amount of subscriptions received by the Company during the month prior to the expiration of the applicable tender offer, as well as the Company s financial condition and liquidity at such time and the presence of adverse macroeconomic conditions. In addition to the quarterly tender offers, the Manager may consider whether to recommend to the Repurchase Committee other potential avenues for providing shareholders with potential liquidity. We do not expect to make the initial quarterly tender offer for our Shares until January 2024, with pricing based on the applicable December 31, 2023 NAV per Share. 
 
 The Manager expects that each quarter it will generally recommend to the Repurchase Committee that we conduct a tender offer. However, there may be quarters in which the Manager recommends to the Repurchase Committee that we do not conduct a tender offer, or that we conduct a tender offer for less than 5 of the aggregate NAV of our outstanding Class S, Class D, Class U, Class I, Class R and Class F Shares. Nonetheless, if adverse economic conditions cause our 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 Infrastructure Assets to decline in value or if the Manager believes that conducting a tender offer for up to 5 of the aggregate NAV of our Class S, Class D, Class U, Class I, Class R and Class F Shares then outstanding would impose an undue burden on shareholders who do not tender compared to the benefits of giving shareholders the opportunity to sell all or a portion of their Shares at NAV, the Manager may recommend to the Repurchase Committee that: (i) we not conduct a tender offer, (ii) we conduct a tender offer for less than 5.0 of the aggregate NAV of our outstanding Class S, Class D, Class U, Class I, Class R and Class F Shares, (iii) we conduct a tender offer for up to 5.0 of the aggregate NAV of our outstanding Class S, Class D, Class U, Class I, Class R and Class F Shares and elect to purchase up to 0.5 of the additional aggregate NAV of such shares in accordance with Rule 13e-4(f)(1) under the Exchange Act, or (iv) that we not offer to repurchase Excess Shares in connection with a tender offer. Regardless of the recommendation of the Manager, the Repurchase Committee may, or may determine not to, cause us to conduct a tender offer for any given quarter. 
 
 There may be quarters in which we do not make a tender offer, and it is possible that we will not conduct any tender offers at all for an extended period. If our Repurchase Committee determines that we should not make a tender offer, shareholders may not be able to sell their Shares as it is unlikely that a secondary market for the Shares will develop or, if a secondary market does develop, shareholders may be able to sell their Shares only at substantial discounts to the applicable NAV per share. If we do conduct tender offers, we may be required to borrow cash or to sell assets to purchase Shares that are tendered, which may increase risks for remaining shareholders and increase expenses as a percentage of assets. The Company is designed primarily for long term investors and an investment in the Company s shares should be considered illiquid. 
 
 In a tender offer, we expect to repurchase outstanding Shares at the NAV per Share of each applicable class of Shares or at 
 discount to such NAV per Share based on the applicable NAV per Share as of the last business day of the quarter prior to the commencement of the tender offer. To the extent we need to sell assets to fund tender offers, we anticipate selling assets primarily from our Liquidity Portfolio to fund tender offers. However, we may borrow to finance the repurchase of Shares pursuant to any tender offers. There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain such financing for tender offers if we attempt to do so. Moreover, if we do not have adequate liquidity to fund tender offers, we may not conduct any tender offer. Although tender offers generally would be beneficial to tendering shareholders by providing them with some ability to sell their Shares, the acquisition of Shares by the Company will decrease the total assets of the Company. Tender offers are, therefore, likely to reduce our liquidity, which may result in untimely sales of Infrastructure Assets and/or may limit our ability to participate in new acquisition opportunities. To the extent we maintain a cash position to satisfy our repurchases, we would not be fully deploying our capital to acquisition opportunities, which may reduce our returns. Furthermore, to the extent we borrow to finance the making of our tender offers, interest paid on such borrowings will reduce NAV per Share. Consummating a tender offer may require us to sell certain of our assets, and realize gains or losses, at a time when the Manager would otherwise consider it disadvantageous to do so. In addition, it is possible that the Company will need to dispose of assets in order to fund tender offers, and that to the extent the applicable tender offer price per share of such tender offer does not accurately reflect any embedded tax liability, shareholders that do not tender their shares may bear a greater portion of the relevant tax than their pro rata share. 
 
 The Board expects to adopt a policy not to purchase Shares pursuant to a tender offer if (1) such purchases would impair our status as a holding company; (2) we would not be able to sell our assets in a manner that is orderly and consistent with our objectives in order to purchase Shares tendered pursuant to the tender offer; or (3) there is, in the Board s judgment, any (a) legal action or proceeding instituted or threatened challenging the tender offer or otherwise materially adversely affecting the Company, (b) declaration of a banking moratorium by Federal or state authorities or any suspension of payment by banks in the United States or New York State, which is material to the Company, (c) limitation imposed by Federal or state authorities on the extension of credit by lending institutions, (d) commencement or escalation of war, armed hostilities, acts of terrorism, natural disasters, public health crises or other international or national calamity directly or indirectly involving the United States that in the sole determination of the Board is material to the Company, (e) a material decrease in the estimated NAV of the Company from the estimated NAV of the Company as of the commencement of the tender offer or (f) other events or conditions that would have a material adverse effect on the Company or its shareholders if Shares tendered pursuant to the tender offer were purchased. Thus, there can be no assurance that the Board will proceed with any tender offer. The Board may modify these conditions in light of circumstances existing at the time. In addition, the amount of Shares for which we make any particular tender offer may be limited for the reasons set forth above or in respect of other concerns related to our assets or the impact of the tender offer on those shareholders who do not sell their Shares in the tender offer. 
 
 If a tender offer is oversubscribed by shareholders who tender Shares, we will generally repurchase a pro rata portion of the Shares tendered by each shareholder up to the applicable limits set forth in the tender offer materials. However, the Repurchase Committee, in its discretion, subject to applicable law, may consider other potential avenues for providing 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 shareholders with liquidity. In addition, for any tender offer, third party shareholders may not be given priority over shareholders that are affiliates of KKR, whose holdings in the Company may be significant and may have the effect of reducing the amount of shares of third party shareholders repurchased in any tender offer. 
 
 Each tender offer would be made and shareholders would be notified in accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, either by publication or mailing or both. The tender offer documents will contain information prescribed by such laws and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. Selected broker-dealers or other financial intermediaries may charge a processing fee to confirm a repurchase of Shares pursuant to a tender offer. 
 
 We will assume all fees and expenses related to a repurchase of Shares. A shareholder tendering for repurchase less than all of its Shares must maintain a minimum account balance after the repurchase is effected, the amount of which will be established by us from time to time and is currently 1,000. If a shareholder tenders a number of Shares that would cause the aggregate NAV of the shareholder s holdings to fall below the required minimum, we reserve the right to reduce the amount to be repurchased from the shareholder so that the required minimum balance is maintained. We may also repurchase all of such a shareholder s Shares in the Company. We or the Manager may waive the minimum account balance from time to time. 
 
 Our NAV per Share may change materially from the date a tender offer is commenced to the tender consummation date (or any later valuation date if the tender offer is extended), and to the effective date of repurchase, and it also may change materially shortly after a tender offer is completed. 
 
 We do not presently intend to conduct quarterly tender offers for Class E Shares. Class E Shares are not subject to the repurchase limitations of our quarterly tender offers. We have adopted a separate arrangement to repurchase Class E Shares. 
 
 Early Repurchase Fee 
 
 Repurchase requests in a tender offer will be subject to an early repurchase fee (the Early Repurchase Fee of 5 of the NAV of the Shares tendered by a shareholder for repurchase if Shares are tendered within 24 months of the original issue date of such Shares. The Early Repurchase Fee will not apply to Excess Shares. 
 
 Any Early Repurchase Fee will inure to the benefit of the Company. The Manager may, from time to time, waive the Early Repurchase Fee in its discretion, including without limitation in the case of repurchases resulting from death, qualifying disability or divorce. 
 
 All questions as to the applicability of the Early Repurchase Fee including the specific facts pertaining thereto and the validity, form and eligibility (including time of receipt of required documents) of a waiver from the Early Repurchase Fee will be determined by the Manager, in its sole discretion, and its determination will be final and binding. 
 
 Mandatory Repurchases 
 
 We may repurchase all or any portion of the Shares of a shareholder without consent or other action by the shareholder or other person if we determine that: 
 
 the Shares have been transferred in violation of the LLC Agreement, or have vested in any person by operation of law as a result of the death, divorce, dissolution, bankruptcy, insolvency or adjudicated incompetence of the shareholder; 
 
 any transferee does not meet any investor eligibility requirements established by the Company from time to time; 
 
 ownership of Shares by a shareholder or other person is likely to cause the Company to be in violation of, or require registration of the Shares under, or subject the Company to additional registration or regulation under, the securities, commodities, or other laws of the U.S. or any other jurisdiction in the world, including without limitation the Investment Company Act; 
 
 continued ownership of the Shares by a shareholder may be harmful or injurious to the business or reputation of the Company, the Manager, KKR, or any of their affiliates, or may subject the Company or any shareholder to an undue risk of adverse tax or other fiscal or regulatory consequences; 
 9 

Table of Contents 

any of the representations and warranties made by a shareholder or other person in connection with the acquisition of Shares was not true when made or has ceased to be true; 
 
 with respect to a shareholder subject to special laws or regulations, the shareholder is likely to be subject to additional regulatory or compliance requirements under these special laws or regulations by virtue of continuing to hold any Shares; 
 
 it would be in the interest of the Company, as determined by the Repurchase Committee, for the Company to repurchase the Shares; or 
 
 continued ownership of any Shares by a shareholder all or any portion of the assets of the Company may be characterized as plan assets for purposes of ERISA, Section 4975 of the Code or any applicable similar law. 
 
 Shares will be repurchased at the NAV per Share of the applicable class of Shares or at a percentage of such NAV per Share, as applicable, as of the last business day of the quarter prior to such mandatory repurchase. Shareholders whose shares are repurchased by the Company will not be entitled to a return of any amount of sales load that was charged in connection with the shareholder s purchase of such Shares. To the extent the Company requires the mandatory repurchase of any Shares of any Shareholder, such repurchase will not be subject to the repurchase limits on quarterly tender offers or the Early Repurchase Fee, unless otherwise determined by the Company in its sole discretion. 
 Employees 
 We did not have any employees as of December 31, 2022, but we expect to hire employees to support our operations in late 2023. Services necessary for our business are provided by individuals who are employees of KKR pursuant to the terms of the Management Agreement. 
 
 Private Offering of Shares 
 
 We are conducting a private offering of our Shares to (i) accredited investors (as defined in Regulation D under the Securities Act) and (ii) in the case of Shares sold outside the United States, to persons that are not U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) in reliance on exemptions from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
 
 We currently offer five classes of Investor Shares: Class S Shares, Class D Shares, Class U Shares, Class I Shares and Class R Shares. We may offer additional classes of Investor Shares in the future. 
 
 Shares will be offered at an initial purchase price of 25 per Share for each class of Investor Shares in the Initial 
 Offering and thereafter on a monthly basis at NAV per Share (measured as of the end of the immediately 
 preceding month). Class S Shares will be subject to a maximum sales load of up to 3.0 of the offering price and may be subject to a dealer manager fee of 0.5 of the offering price. Class S Shares may also forego a sales load in lieu of a brokerage commission imposed by a selling agent. Certain participating broker-dealers may offer Class S Shares subject to a dealer manager fee of up to 1.5 , provided that the sum of the sales load and dealer manager fee will not exceed 3.5 of the offering price. Holders of Class S Shares, Class D Shares, Class U Shares, Class I Shares and Class R Shares have equal rights and privileges with each other, except that Class I Shares, Class R Shares, Class D Shares and Class U Shares do not incur a sales load or dealer manager fees and we do not pay any servicing or distribution fees with respect to Class I Shares or Class R Shares. Class D Shares, Class U Shares, Class I Shares and Class R Shares are each not subject to a sales load; however, Shareholders could be required to pay brokerage commissions on purchases and sales of Class D Shares, Class U Shares, Class I Shares or Class R Shares to their selling agents. Shareholders should consult with their selling 
 agents about the sales load and any additional fees or charges their selling agents might impose on each class of Shares. 
 
 The Company may issue additional Class E Shares to KKR and certain of its subsidiaries in one or more private placements. Class E Shares will not be offered to other investors. Class E Shares are not subject to the Early Repurchase Fee or the repurchase limits of our quarterly tender offers. The Company has adopted a separate arrangement to repurchase Class E Shares. 
 
 In addition, the Manager may elect to receive all or a portion of the Management Fee in Class F Shares, KKR or one of its subsidiaries may elect to receive the Performance Participation Allocation in cash or Class F Shares and the Company may also issue additional Class F Shares to the Company s employees, officers and directors, KKR and certain of its 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 subsidiaries and employees, officers and directors in one or more private placements. Class F Shares are not being offered to other investors. Class F Shares are subject to the terms and limits of our quarterly tender offers but will not be subject to the Early Repurchase Fee. 
 
 We may modify the timing of subscription dates, valuation dates and deadlines for subscribing may be modified from time to time by the Company. 
 
 Net Asset Value 
 
 Calculation of NAV 
 
 The Manager determines the NAV of our shares monthly. The Manager will prepare valuations with respect to each of our assets in accordance with its valuation policies and procedures approved by the Board. The Administrator will use the estimated values provided as well as inputs from other sources in its calculation of our monthly NAV per Share. The NAV per share of each class of the Company s shares is determined by dividing the total assets of the Company (the value of Infrastructure Assets, plus cash or other assets, including interest and distributions accrued but not yet received) attributable to such class less the value of any liabilities (including accrued expenses or distributions) of such class, by the total number of shares outstanding of such class. 
 
 Timing of Valuations 
 
 The value of the Company s Infrastructure Assets will be monitored for material changes on a monthly basis for purposes of updating the Company s monthly NAV. 
 
 Valuation Policies and Procedures 
 
 The Company s Infrastructure Assets will be valued at fair value in a manner consistent with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States GAAP ), including Accounting Standards Codification 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosure ASC 820 ), issued by the FASB. ASC 820 defines fair value as the price that would be received from the sale of an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. 
 
 There is no single standard for determining fair values of assets that do not have a readily available market price and, in many cases, such fair values may be best expressed as a range of fair values from which a single estimate may be derived in good faith. As a result, determining fair value requires that judgment be applied to the specific facts and circumstances of each acquisition while employing a valuation process that is consistently followed. Determinations of fair value involve subjective judgments and estimates. 
 
 When making fair value determinations for Infrastructure Assets that do not have readily available market prices, the Manager will consider industry-accepted valuation methodologies, primarily consisting of an income approach and market approach. The income approach derives fair value based on the present value of cash flows that a business or asset is expected to generate in the future. The market approach relies upon valuations for comparable companies, transactions or assets, and includes making judgments about which companies, transactions, or assets are comparable. A blend of approaches may be relied upon in arriving at an estimate of fair value, though there may be instances where it is more appropriate to utilize one approach. It is common to use only the income approach for Infrastructure Assets. The Manager also considers a range of additional factors that it deems relevant, including a potential sale of an Infrastructure Asset, macro and local market conditions, industry information and the Infrastructure Asset s historical and projected financial data. 
 
 Infrastructure Assets will generally be valued at transaction price initially; however, to the extent the Manager does not believe an Infrastructure Asset s transaction price reflects the current market value, the Manager will adjust such valuation. When making fair value determinations for Infrastructure Assets, the Manager will update the prior month-end valuations by incorporating the then current market comparables and discount rate inputs, any material changes to the Infrastructure Assets financial performance since the prior quarter end, as well as any cash flow activity related to the Infrastructure Assets during the month. The Manager will value Infrastructure Assets using the valuation methodology it deems most appropriate and consistent with widely recognized valuation methodologies and market conditions. See Item 1A. Risk 
 Factors Valuations of our assets are estimates of fair value and may not necessarily correspond to realizable value . 
 
 When making fair value determinations for assets that do not have a reliable readily available market price, the Manager may, but is not obligated to, engage one or more independent valuation firms to provide positive assurance regarding the reasonableness of such valuations as of the relevant measurement date. If an independent valuation firm is not able to 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 provide the positive assurance, the Manager may determine to provide the valuation itself as of the relevant measurement date. 
 
 Because assets are valued as of a specified valuation date, events occurring subsequent to that date will not be reflected in the Company s valuations. However, if information indicating a condition that existed at the valuation date becomes available subsequent to the valuation date and before financial information is publicly released, it will be evaluated to determine whether it would have a material impact requiring adjustment of the final valuation. 
 
 At least annually, the Manager reviews the appropriateness of the Company s valuation policies and procedures and will recommend any proposed changes to the Board. From time to time, the Board and the Manager may adopt changes to the valuation policies and procedures if they determine that such changes are likely to result in a more accurate reflection of estimated fair value. 
 Conflicts of Interest 
 We are subject to conflicts of interest arising out of our relationship with KKR, including the Manager and its affiliates. See Item 1A. Risk Factors Potential Conflicts of Interests . 
 Available Information 
 We will file our annual reports containing audited financial statements, quarterly reports, and such other periodic reports as we determine to be appropriate or as may be required by law. We are filing this Annual Report on Form 10-K with the SEC under the Exchange Act to provide current public information to the investment community in anticipation of being required to register under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act in the future, to comply with applicable requirements thereunder. 
 
 We intend to make available on our website, when available, our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and our current reports on Form 8-K. The SEC also maintains a website (www.sec.gov) that contains such information. Our website at www.kinfra.com will contain additional information about our business, but the contents of the website are not incorporated by reference in or otherwise a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. From time to time, we may use our website as a distribution channel for material company information. Financial and other important information regarding us will be routinely accessible thorough and posted on our website at www.kinfra.com. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 You should specifically consider the following material risks in addition to the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and other filings that we make from time to time with the SEC, including our financial statements and accompanying notes. The occurrence of any of the following risks might have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. The risks and uncertainties discussed below are not the only ones we face, but do represent those risks and uncertainties that we believe are most significant to our business, operating results, financial condition, prospects and forward-looking statements. In any such case, the NAV of our Shares could decline and you may lose all or part of your investment. While we attempt to mitigate known risks to the extent we believe to be practicable and reasonable, we can provide no assurance, and we make no representation, that our mitigation efforts will be successful. 
 Risks Related to Our Infrastructure Assets and Industry Focus 
 We face heightened risks unique to the nature of our Infrastructure Assets. 
 Owning Infrastructure Assets involves many relatively unique and acute risks. Projected revenues can be affected by a number of factors including economic and market conditions, political events, competition, regulation and the financial position and business strategy of customers. Unanticipated changes in the availability or price of inputs necessary for the operation of Infrastructure Assets may adversely affect the overall profitability of an Infrastructure Asset or related project. Events outside the control of the owner of an Infrastructure Asset, such as political action, governmental regulation, demographic changes, economic conditions, pandemics, increasing fuel prices, government macroeconomic policies, political events, toll rates, social stability, competition from untolled or other forms of transportation, natural disasters (such as fire, floods, earthquakes and typhoons), changes in weather, changes in demand for products or services, bankruptcy or financial difficulty of a major customer and acts of war or terrorism and other unforeseen circumstances and incidents could significantly reduce the revenues generated or significantly increase the expense of constructing, operating, maintaining or restoring infrastructure facilities. In turn, this may impair an Infrastructure Asset s ability to repay its debt, make distributions to the Company or even result in termination of an applicable concession or other agreement. As a general matter, the operation and maintenance of Infrastructure Assets involve various risks and are subject to substantial regulation (as described below), many of which may not be under the control of the owner, including labor issues, failure of technology to perform as anticipated, structural failures and accidents and the need to comply with the directives of government authorities. 
 Although Infrastructure Assets may maintain insurance to protect against certain risks, where available on reasonable commercial terms (such as business interruption insurance that is intended to offset loss of revenues during an operational interruption), such insurance is subject to customary deductibles and coverage limits and may not be sufficient to recoup all of an Infrastructure Asset s losses. There can be no assurance that an Infrastructure Asset s insurance would cover liabilities resulting from claims relating to the design, construction, maintenance, or operation of the infrastructure assets and businesses acquired by the Company, lost revenues or increased expenses resulting from such damage. If a major, uninsured loss occurs, the Company could lose both invested capital in and anticipated profits from, the affected Infrastructure Assets. Furthermore, an Infrastructure Asset may face competition from other infrastructure assets in the vicinity of the assets they operate, the presence of which depends in part on governmental plans and policies. 
 
 Additionally, our business and Infrastructure Assets may be materially affected by financial markets and economic conditions or events throughout the world, such as interest rates, fiscal and monetary stimulus and withdrawal of stimulus, availability of credit, inflation rates, economic uncertainty, changes in laws (including laws relating to taxation), trade barriers, commodity prices, and currency exchange rates and controls. Geopolitical developments and other local and global events outside of our control, including, without limitation, trade conflict, sanctions (reciprocal or unilateral), trade barriers, civil unrest, national and international political circumstances (including outbreak of war, terrorist acts or security operations), can adversely impact our Infrastructure Assets around the world. Finally, public health crises, pandemics and epidemics, such as those caused by new strains of viruses such as H5N1 (avian flu), severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS) and the SARS-CoV-2 virus (COVID-19), may occur from time to time, which could directly and indirectly impact us and our Infrastructure Assets in material respects by threatening our and their employees well-being and morale, interrupting business activities, supply chains and transactional activities, disrupting travel, and negatively impacting the economies of the affected countries or regions. The impact of these conditions may, and likely would, also exacerbate many of the other risks discussed in this annual report. 
 
 Moreover, a change in global equity prices or in market volatility may impact the value of our Infrastructure Assets and our profitability as well as our ability to realize gains and the receptiveness of investors to our Shares. Volatility across global equity and credit markets, alongside shifting liquidity conditions in new issue activity across equity and non-investment- 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 grade credit markets, may adversely impact our financial results, the valuation of our Infrastructure Assets, the income that we recognize and our ability to deploy our capital. For our Infrastructure Assets that are publicly listed and thus have readily observable market prices, global equity market price declines may have a direct impact on valuation. For other Infrastructure Assets, these markets may have an indirect materially adverse impact on our valuations to the extent we utilize market multiples as a critical input to ascertain fair value of our Infrastructure Assets that do not have readily observable market prices. 
 Our Infrastructure Assets may not exhibit mitigating characteristics typical of assets, businesses or projects in the infrastructure space. As a result, there can be no assurance that any perceived benefits of Infrastructure Assets will be realized. 
 The Company will seek to own Infrastructure Assets that are assets, businesses or projects that typically have some or all of the following characteristics: regulated or substantially contracted revenue streams; immediate access to cash yield; long-term expected hold periods; limited demand or usage risk, or usage risk driven primarily by favorable demographic factors; a low level of exposure to market competition due to natural monopoly characteristics, government regulation or contractual protections, natural geographic restrictions or high capital investment costs; properties or other assets that provide essential services that are less dependent on market conditions; assets that exhibit barriers to entry or completion, long-life real assets; assets that can be financed with long-term, fixed rate debt (often investment grade); assets that exhibit stable cash flows and relatively high cash distributions; and assets with a long-term expected hold period. Whether and to what extent such characteristics exist with respect to an Infrastructure Asset is a matter of opinion and judgment, which may prove incorrect. Such characteristics are expected to help mitigate the risks associated with the Company s Infrastructure Assets, but there can be no assurance that perceived or expected mitigating characteristics associated with the Company s Infrastructure Assets (e.g., low volatility, low correlation, high cash yield, strong downside protection, mitigation against rising interest rates, revenues keyed to inflation and an ability to control the timing, and manner of exits) will be achieved or realized. It is possible that the Company will own other types of Infrastructure Assets (including infrastructure-related opportunistic acquisitions), which may differ in form and structure (and may not have the characteristics described above) on a case-by-case basis, as the Manager may determine are appropriate for the Company in a given context based on prevailing economic and market conditions and other factors deemed relevant by the Manager. There can be no assurance that any perceived benefits of Infrastructure Assets will be realized and the Company s Infrastructure Assets may not exhibit the forgoing characteristics. 
 The operation and maintenance of Infrastructure Assets involve significant capital expenditures and various risks, which may not be under the control of the Company. 
 As a general matter, the operation and maintenance of Infrastructure Assets involve significant capital expenditures and various risks, many of which may not be under the control of the owner/operator, including labor issues, political or local opposition, failure of technology to perform as anticipated, technical obsolescence, increasing fuel prices, structural failures and accidents, environment related issues, counterparty non-performance and the need to comply with the directives of government authorities. Optional or mandatory improvements, upgrades or rehabilitation of infrastructure assets may cause delays or result in closures or other disruptions subjecting the Infrastructure Asset to various risks including lower revenues. 
 Furthermore, the Company might own Infrastructure Assets that could include both existing Infrastructure Assets or businesses and in Greenfield Infrastructure Assets or businesses that require significant capital expenditure to complete their development, bring them to fully commissioned and/or cash-flowing status or to otherwise optimize their operational capabilities. 
 Construction risks typical for Greenfield Infrastructure Assets and businesses which the Company may own and control, include, without limitation, risks of: (i) labor disputes, shortages of material and skilled labor, or work stoppages; (ii) difficulty in obtaining regulatory, environmental or other approvals or permits; (iii) slower than projected construction progress and the unavailability or late delivery of necessary equipment; (iv) less than optimal coordination with public utilities in the relocation of their facilities; (v) adverse weather conditions and unexpected construction conditions; (vi) accidents or the breakdown or failure of construction equipment or processes; (vii) other events discussed below under Force majeure events may adversely affect our assets that are beyond the control of the Manager and the Company; and (viii) risks associated with holding direct or indirect interests in undeveloped land or underdeveloped real property. These risks could result in substantial unanticipated delays or expenses (which could exceed expected or forecasted budgets) and, under certain circumstances, could prevent completion of construction activities once undertaken, any of which could have an adverse effect on the Company and on the amount of funds available for distribution to Shareholders. Similar risks apply to the ongoing operations of any properties and other assets or businesses. Infrastructure Assets owned by the 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 Company might remain in construction phases for a prolonged period and, accordingly, might not be cash generative for a prolonged period. While the intention of the Company in respect of any Infrastructure Asset acquired might be for construction works to be contracted to a construction contractor on a fixed-price basis with liquidated damages payable to the Company where delay is caused that is attributable to the contractor, the related contractual arrangements made by the Company might not be as effective as intended and/or contractual liabilities on the part of the Company could result in unexpected costs or a reduction in expected revenues for the Company. In addition, recourse against the contractor could be subject to liability caps or could be subject to default or insolvency on the part of the contractor. 
 Other properties and other assets and businesses that the Company owns might require large capital expenditures, including, but not limited to, in connection with completing, maintaining, developing and/or expanding their existing plant, machinery and facilities, necessary software and other intellectual property assets or securing necessary licenses, approvals and concessions and complying with related requirements of a municipal, state or national government, quasi-government, industry, self-regulatory or other relevant regulatory authority, body or agency Regulatory Agencies ). Such capital expenditures could exceed cash flow from operations and/or the amount of capital the Company has earmarked for the relevant Infrastructure Asset and the relevant Infrastructure Asset might need to secure additional capital through other means and sources, including selling assets or refinancing or restructuring its debt capital, which, if available, could be at higher interest rates and/or otherwise on more onerous terms than any existing debt financing. Sourcing of such capital through additional equity investment from third parties will dilute the Company s interest in the relevant Infrastructure Asset and its returns and such dilution might be on the basis of valuations of hard-to-value illiquid assets, which could ultimately result in an over-dilution of the Company s ownership, all of which will have an adverse impact on the Company s financial returns generated by such Infrastructure Asset. Any delay or failure by the relevant Infrastructure Asset to secure such capital from other sources and to implement the necessary capital expenditures in whole or in part will also have an adverse impact on returns to the extent there is a delay or failure in its ability to achieve fully commissioned and/or cash-flowing status or to otherwise optimize its operational capabilities. 
 Infrastructure Assets may experience supply chain disruptions that could adversely impact the Company s business and financial condition. 
 Equipment and spare parts may become unavailable or difficult to procure on terms consistent with those that an Infrastructure Asset has budgeted for. For example, some jurisdictions in which Infrastructure Assets operate have experienced supply chain challenges resulting from bottlenecks caused by, among other things, increases in demand and challenges involved with ramping up to meet this demand. 
 Supply chains could be further disrupted in the future by factors outside of the Manager s or the Company s control. This could include (1) a reduction in the supply or availability of the commodities required to produce the parts and components that an Infrastructure Asset needs to maintain existing projects and develop new projects from its development pipeline, (2) lockdowns and workforce disruptions caused by the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, (3) the potential physical effects of climate change, such as increased frequency and severity of storms, precipitation, floods and other climatic events and their impact on transportation networks and manufacturing centers, and (4) economic sanctions or embargoes, including those relating to human rights concerns in jurisdictions that produce key materials, components or parts. 
 Any material delays in procuring equipment or significant cost increases of Infrastructure Assets could adversely impact the Company s business and financial condition. 
 Our business, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected by volatility in commodity prices. 
 The Company may be subject to commodity price risk. The operation and cash flows of any Infrastructure Asset could depend, in some cases to a significant extent, upon prevailing market prices of commodities, including, for example, commodities such as gas, electricity, steel or concrete. Commodity prices fluctuate depending on a variety of factors beyond the control of the Manager or the Company, including, without limitation, weather conditions, foreign and domestic supply and demand, force majeure events, pandemics such as COVID-19, changes in laws, governmental regulations, price and availability of alternative commodities, international political conditions and overall economic conditions. In addition, commodity prices are generally expected to rise in inflationary environments, and foreign exchange rates are often affected by countries monetary and fiscal responses to inflationary trends. The actions taken by Russia in the Ukraine starting in February 2022 have also caused volatility in the commodities markets. 
 Events in the energy markets over the last few years have caused significant dislocations and illiquidity in the equity and debt markets for energy companies and related commodities, with COVID-19 currently enhancing such dislocation. To the extent that such events continue (or even worsen), this could have an adverse impact on certain Infrastructure Assets of the Company and could lead to an overall weakening of global economies. The resulting economic downturn arising due to the 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 COVID-19 pandemic is adversely affecting the financial resources of and returns generated by an Infrastructure Asset in this sector and such adverse effect could continue for some time. Such marketplace events could also restrict the ability of the Company to sell or liquidate Infrastructure Assets at favorable times or for favorable prices. A stabilization or improvement of the conditions in the global financial markets generally and the energy markets specifically likely would aid the Company s Infrastructure Assets in this sector. Absent such a recovery or in the event of a further market deterioration, the value of the Company s Infrastructure Assets in this sector might not appreciate as projected (if applicable) or could suffer a loss. There can be no assurance as to the duration of any perceived current market dislocation. 
 Changes or innovations in technology could affect the profitability of an Infrastructure Asset that relies on existing technology. 
 The Company could be exposed to the risk that a change could occur in the way a service or product is delivered to it or an Infrastructure Asset or other asset rendering the existing technology obsolete. While the risk could be considered low in the infrastructure sector given the massive fixed costs involved in constructing assets and the fact that many infrastructure technologies are well established, any technology change that occurs over the medium term could threaten the profitability of an Infrastructure Asset or other asset of the Company. If such a change were to occur, these assets would have very few alternative uses should they become obsolete. 
 The effect of global climate change may impact our business. 
 Prolonged and potentially accelerating changes in climatic conditions, together with the response or failure to respond to these changes, could have a significant impact on the revenues, expenses and conditions of Infrastructure Assets of the Company and therefore on the performance of the Company as a whole. While the precise future effects of climate change are unknown, it is possible that climate change could affect precipitation levels, droughts, wildfires, agricultural production, wind levels, annual sunshine, sea levels and the severity and frequency of storms and other severe weather events. These events and the disruptions that they cause, alone or in combination, also have the potential to strain or deplete infrastructure and response capabilities generally, leading to increased costs and higher taxes, decreases in economic efficiency, or both. If climate change continues and societies adversely affected by climate change are unable to effectively adapt, the ongoing disruptions caused could result in societal disruption on a local, national or even global scale, potentially leading to prolonged reduced economic output, political upheaval and humanitarian crises such as famines, mass migrations and disease outbreaks. Any and all of these developments could have material and adverse impacts on the business of Infrastructure Assets of the Company and on the broader society and economy in which such Infrastructure Assets operate. 
 Various Regulatory Agencies have enacted or proposed new or revised environmental regulations in an effort to reduce carbon emissions and the emissions of other gases believed to be contributing factors to climate change. These measures are varied and diverse across national, state or provincial and local jurisdictions, including targeted reductions in emissions, mandatory quotas, tax regimes based on emissions, bans or restrictions on the production of fossil fuels or on the construction of new infrastructure supporting the fossil fuel industry, and other measures. These measures could materially impact the performance of Infrastructure Assets in many ways, including by increasing costs of doing business or compliance, through the imposition of fines or other penalties, or through reputational damage resulting from association (or perceived association) with industries viewed as contributing to climate change. 
 Various governments have in the past and are expected to continue to provide subsidies for green energy technologies, such as solar, wind, bio-fuel, geothermal, hydrogen and other non-fossil fuel based energy sources, with the goal of reducing carbon emissions in an effort to mitigate the impacts of anthropogenic climate change. Even with potentially large public and private investment in these technologies, it is possible that green energy technologies will be unable to be deployed at a scale sufficient to meet growing global energy demand, or even existing energy demand. Moreover, these technologies require significant changes to existing infrastructure in order to provide for a level of energy security and reliability comparable to existing fossil fuel-based energy generation technologies. The cost of upgrading infrastructure for this purpose, or energy disruptions if such infrastructure upgrades are not successfully completed, could result in significant disruptions to local, regional or national economies. 
 Force majeure events may adversely affect our assets. 
 Infrastructure Assets could be affected by force majeure events (i.e., events beyond the control of the party claiming that the event has occurred, including, without limitation, acts of God, fire, flood, earthquakes, outbreaks of an infectious disease, pandemic or any other serious public health concern, war, terrorism, labor strikes, major plant breakdowns, pipeline or electricity line ruptures, failure of technology, defective design and construction, accidents, demographic changes, government macroeconomic policies, toll rates, social instability and competition from other forms of 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 infrastructure). Some force majeure events could adversely affect the ability of a party (including an Infrastructure Asset or a counterparty to the Company or an Infrastructure Asset) to perform its obligations until it is able to remedy the force majeure event. In addition, forced events, such as the cessation of machinery (e.g., turbines) for repair or upgrade, could similarly lead to the unavailability of essential machinery and technologies. These risks could, among other effects, adversely impact the cash flows available from an Infrastructure Asset or other issuer, cause personal injury or loss of life, damage property, or instigate disruption of service. In addition, the cost to an Infrastructure Asset or the Company of repairing or replacing damaged assets resulting from such force majeure event could be considerable. Force majeure events that are incapable of or are too costly to cure might have a permanent adverse effect on an Infrastructure Asset. Certain force majeure events (such as war or an outbreak of an infectious disease) could have a broader negative impact on the world economy and international business activity generally, or in any of the countries where the Company holds Infrastructure Assets. Additionally, a major governmental intervention into industry, including the nationalization of an industry or the assertion of control over one or more Infrastructure Assets or its assets, could result in a loss to the Company, including if its ownership stake in such Infrastructure Asset is canceled, unwound or acquired (which could be without what the Company considers to be adequate compensation). Any of the foregoing could therefore adversely affect the performance of the Company and its Joint Ventures. 
 
 Additionally, it is impossible to predict with certainty the possible future business and economic ramifications arising from the COVID-19 pandemic or any other public health crisis, pandemic or epidemic, including but not limited to potential adverse impacts on: (i) the NAV of our Shares, (ii) the valuations of our Infrastructure Assets and our financial results, (iii) our and our Infrastructure Assets operations, and our and their counterparties, such as suppliers and customers, (iv) our ability to raise capital and complete acquisitions, (v) our ability to successfully exit existing Infrastructure Assets, (vi) the ability of us or our Infrastructure Assets to meet our respective financial obligations, such as principal or interest payment obligations or satisfaction of financial covenants, (vii) workplace, consumer, insurance, contract and other forms of litigation that exposes us, our Infrastructure Assets, suppliers, customers, debtors and other counterparties to risks and claims of a magnitude and nature that we cannot now anticipate, (viii) operational risks, including heightened cybersecurity risk exacerbated by the COVID-19 pandemic and remote work, and (ix) our employees well-being, morale and productivity and our ability to retain existing employees and hire new employees needed for our current business or the future growth of our business. 
 We may need to incur financial leverage to be able to achieve our business objectives. We cannot guarantee the availability of such financings. 
 The Company s ability to own and control Infrastructure Assets in many cases will depend on the availability and terms of any borrowings that are required or desirable with respect to such Infrastructure Assets. A decrease in the availability of financing (or an increase in the interest cost) for leveraged transactions, whether due to adverse changes in economic or financial market conditions or a decreased appetite for risk by lenders, would impair the Company s ability to consummate these transactions and would adversely affect the Company s returns. 
 The Company s assets are expected to include Infrastructure Assets whose capital structures have significant leverage and in assets subject to significant leverage (in addition to such leverage as might be generated by the Company s acquisitions). Such Infrastructure Assets are inherently more sensitive to declines in revenues and to increases in expenses and interest rates. A leveraged entity or asset often will be subject to restrictive covenants imposed by lenders (or lenders other than the Company, as appropriate) restricting its activity or could be limited in making strategic acquisitions or obtaining additional financing. In addition, leveraged entities or assets are often subject to restrictions on making interest payments and other distributions, which are often linked to matters including cover ratios and the level of infrastructure project performance. If an event occurs that prohibits an Infrastructure Asset from making distributions for a particular period, this could affect the levels and timing of the Company s returns. 
 Although the Manager will seek to use leverage in a prudent manner, the leveraged capital structure of the Company s Infrastructure Assets or other leverage affecting its assets will increase their exposure to adverse economic factors such as future downturns in the economy or deterioration in the condition of any such Infrastructure Asset or its industry. Additionally, the Company will typically purchase equity in Infrastructure Assets. The equity securities received by the Company in relation thereto will typically be the most junior or some of the most junior securities in what will typically be a complex capital structure, and thus subject to a material risk of loss in the case of the Infrastructure Asset s financial difficulty, or if an event of default occurs under the terms of the relevant financing and a lender decides to enforce its creditor rights. Events of default could in some cases be triggered by events not related directly to the borrower itself. 
 The Company may borrow on a secured or unsecured basis and guarantee obligations, in each case on a joint, several, joint and several or cross-collateralized basis with, or for the benefit of, any Infrastructure Asset, co-investment vehicles and 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 KKR Vehicles, at any time and for any proper purpose relating to the activities of the Company, including, without limitation, to acquire any Infrastructure Assets and refinance its existing Infrastructure Assets and to increase deployment capacity or pay fees and expenses. The Company may, in the sole discretion of the Manager, also incur debt to facilitate repurchase requests. Such use of leverage generally magnifies the Company s opportunities for gain and its risk of loss from a particular Infrastructure Asset. The cost and availability of leverage is highly dependent on the state of the broader credit markets (and such credit markets may be impacted by regulatory restrictions and guidelines), which state is difficult to accurately forecast, and at times it may be difficult to obtain or maintain the desired degree of leverage. The Company expects to incur leverage at the Company level and at the asset level, including in connection with certain transactions, and such leverage may fluctuate depending on market conditions. The interest expense and other costs incurred in connection with such borrowing may not be recovered by appreciation in the Infrastructure Assets purchased or carried. Gains realized with borrowed funds may cause the Company s returns to be higher than would be the case without borrowings. If, however, Infrastructure Asset performance fails to cover the cost of borrowings, the Company s returns could also decrease faster than if there had been no borrowings. Further, such leverage will increase the exposure of an Infrastructure Asset to adverse economic factors such as rising interest rates, downturns in the economy or deteriorations in the condition of the Infrastructure Asset. If the Company defaults on secured indebtedness, the lender may foreclose and the Company could lose its entire investment in the security for such loan. In connection with one or more credit facilities entered into by the Company, distributions to Shareholders may be subordinated to payments required in connection with any indebtedness contemplated thereby. Further, to the extent income received from Infrastructure Assets is used to make interest and principal payments on such borrowings, Shareholders may be allocated income, and therefore tax liability, in excess of cash received by them in distributions. The presence of leverage substantially increases the risk profile of the Company and its Infrastructure Assets. 
 The Company s use of borrowings to create leverage will subject the Company to additional risks. For example, depending on the type of facility, a decrease in the market value of the Company s Infrastructure Assets would increase the effective amount of leverage and could result in the possibility of a margin call, pursuant to which the Company must either deposit additional funds or securities with the lender or suffer mandatory liquidation of the pledged securities to compensate for the decline in value. In the event of a sudden, precipitous drop in the value of the Company s assets, the Company might not be able to liquidate assets quickly enough to pay off its debt. 
 The Company will enter into a line of credit, and may enter into one or more other lines of credit or other credit facility(ies) on a joint, several, joint and several or cross-collateralized basis with KKR Vehicles, which may result in the Company being required to contribute amounts in excess of its pro rata share of a borrowing to make up for any shortfall if such KKR Vehicles are unable to repay their pro rata share of such indebtedness. In such case, it is expected that the Company and the KKR Vehicles would enter into a back-to-back or other similar reimbursement agreement. In addition, it is anticipated that any such credit facility will contain a number of common covenants that, among other things, might restrict the ability of the Company to: (i) acquire or dispose of assets or businesses; (ii) incur additional Infrastructure Asset level indebtedness; (iii) make capital expenditures; (iv) make cash distributions; (v) create liens on assets; (vi) enter into leases or acquisitions; (vii) engage in mergers or consolidations; (viii) process subscriptions; (ix) consent to transfers of interests in the Company or repurchase Shares; (x) make amendments to the governing documents of the Company; or (xi) engage in certain transactions with affiliates, and otherwise restrict corporate activities of the Company (including its ability to acquire additional acquisitions, businesses or assets, certain changes of control and asset sale transactions) without the consent of the lenders. Also, such a credit facility would likely require the Company to maintain specified financial ratios and comply with tests, including minimum interest coverage ratios, maximum leverage ratios, minimum net worth and minimum equity capitalization requirements. With respect to any asset-backed facility entered into by the Company (or an affiliate thereof), a decrease in the market value of the Company s Infrastructure Assets would increase the effective amount of leverage and could result in the possibility of a violation of certain financial covenants or financial ratios pursuant to which the Company must either repay the borrowed funds to the lender or suffer foreclosure or forced liquidation of the pledged assets. The Company may incur indebtedness under such credit facility that bears interest at a variable rate. Economic conditions could result in higher interest rates, which could increase debt service requirements on variable rate debt and could reduce the amount of cash available for various Company purposes. 
 The extent to which the Company uses leverage may have the following consequences to the Shareholders, including, but not limited to: (i) greater fluctuations in the net assets of the Company, (ii) use of cash flow for debt service rather than distributions, or other purposes and (iii) in certain circumstances the Company may be required to prematurely dispose of Infrastructure Assets to service its debt obligations. So long as the Company is able to realize a higher net return on its Infrastructure Assets than the then-current cost of any leverage together with other related expenses, the effect of the leverage will be to cause holders of Shares to realize higher current net investment income than if the Company were not so leveraged. On the other hand, the Company s use of leverage will result in increased operating costs. Thus, to the extent that the then-current cost of any leverage, together with other related expenses, approaches the net return on the Company s 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 Infrastructure Assets, the benefit of leverage to holders of Shares will be reduced, and if the then-current cost of any leverage together with related expenses were to exceed the net return on the Company s Infrastructure Assets, the Company s leveraged capital structure would result in a lower rate of return to holders of Shares than if the Company were not so leveraged. There can also be no assurance that the Company will have sufficient cash flow to meet its debt service obligations. As a result, the Company s exposure to losses may be increased due to the illiquidity of its assets generally. 
 The Company s ability to achieve attractive rates of return will depend in part on its and its Infrastructure Assets ability to access sufficient sources of indebtedness at attractive rates. A decrease in the availability of financing or an increase in either interest rates or risk spreads demanded by leverage providers, whether due to adverse changes in economic or financial market conditions or a decreased appetite for risk by lenders, could make it more expensive to finance the Company s Infrastructure Assets on acquisition and throughout the term of the Company s ownership of such Infrastructure Assets and could make it more difficult for the Company to compete for new Infrastructure Assets with other potential buyers who have a lower cost of capital. A portion of the indebtedness used to finance Infrastructure Assets on acquisition and throughout the term of the Company s ownership of such Infrastructure Assets might include high-yield debt securities issued in the capital markets. Availability of capital from the high-yield debt markets is subject to significant volatility, and there could be times when the Company might not be able to access those markets at attractive rates, or at all, when acquiring an Infrastructure Asset or as is otherwise required during the term of the Company s ownership of such Infrastructure Asset. In addition, the leveraged lending guidelines published by the European Central Bank (or similar guidelines or restrictions published or enacted by the European Central Bank, or a similar institution outside of the EU, in the future) could limit the willingness or ability of banks or other financing sources to provide financing sought by the Company or its Infrastructure Assets, and could result in an inability of the Company or its Infrastructure Assets to establish their desired financing or capital structures. 
 The Company expects to (but is under no obligation to) enter into swaps, forward contracts and other arrangements for hedging purposes to preserve a return on a particular Infrastructure Asset or to seek to protect against risks relating to the Company s Infrastructure Assets, including currency exchange rate fluctuations. The use of derivative financial instruments and these other risk management strategies may not be properly designed to hedge, manage or other reduce the risks as intended, may not be properly implemented as designed, or otherwise not effectively offset the risks we have identified. Such transactions have special risks associated with them, including the possible bankruptcy or insolvency of, or default by the counterparty to the transaction and the illiquidity of the instrument acquired by the Company relating thereto. Although the Company might benefit from the use of hedging transactions, changes in currency exchange rates or other factors could result in a poorer overall performance for the Company compared to what the Company s performance would have been if it had not entered into hedging transactions. Infrastructure Assets can also enter into hedging transactions in order to hedge risks applicable to them. Such transactions are subject to similar risks to those described above. The Company could be exposed to such risks by reason of its acquisition of the relevant Infrastructure Asset, and there can be no assurance that any hedging strategies will be effective in protecting against currency exchange rate fluctuations or other risks. 
 It should be noted that the use of leverage may create unrelated business taxable income UBTI ), possibly in substantial amounts, that is subject to U.S. federal income tax. 
 The acquisition of Infrastructure Assets exposes us to a higher level of regulatory control than typically imposed on other businesses. 
 In many instances, the acquisition of Infrastructure Assets involves substantive continuing involvement by, or an ongoing commitment to, Regulatory Agencies. There can be no assurance that (i) existing regulations applicable to acquisitions generally or the Infrastructure Assets will not be revised or reinterpreted; (ii) new laws and regulations will not be adopted or become applicable to Infrastructure Assets; (iii) the technology, equipment, processes and procedures selected by Infrastructure Assets to comply with current and future regulatory requirements will meet such requirements; (iv) such Infrastructure Assets business and financial conditions will not be materially and adversely affected by such future changes in, or reinterpretation of, laws and regulations (including the possible loss of exemptions from laws and regulations) or any failure to comply with such current and future laws and regulations; or (v) regulatory agencies or other third parties will not bring enforcement actions in which they disagree with regulatory decisions made by other regulatory agencies. In addition, in many instances, the operation or acquisition of Infrastructure Assets may involve an ongoing commitment to or from a government agency. The nature of these obligations exposes the owners of Infrastructure Assets to a higher level of regulatory control than is typically imposed on other businesses. 
 Regulatory Agencies might impose conditions on the construction, operations and activities of an Infrastructure Asset as a condition to granting their approval or to satisfy regulatory requirements, including requirements that such assets remain 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 managed by the Manager or its affiliates, which could limit our ability to dispose of Infrastructure Assets at opportune times or make the continued operation of such Infrastructure Asset unfeasible or economically disadvantageous, and any expenditures made to date with respect to such Infrastructure Asset may be wholly or partially written off. Sometimes commitments to Regulatory Agencies involve the posting of financial security for performance of obligations. If obligations are breached these financial securities may be called upon by the relevant Regulatory Agency. 
 There is also the risk that our Infrastructure Assets do not have, might not obtain, or may lose permits necessary for their operations. Permits or special rulings may be required on taxation, financial and regulatory related issues. Many of these licenses and permits have to be renewed or maintained over the life of the business. The conditions and costs of these permits, licenses and consents may be changed on any renewal, or, in some cases, may not be renewed due to unforeseen circumstances or a subsequent change in regulations. 
 
 Regulatory Agencies often have considerable discretion to change or increase regulation of the operations of an Infrastructure Asset or to otherwise implement laws, regulations, or policies affecting its operations (including, in each case, with retroactive effect), separate from any contractual rights that the Regulatory Agency counterparties have. Accordingly, additional or unanticipated regulatory approvals, including, without limitation, renewals, extensions, transfers, assignments, reissuances, or similar actions, could be required to acquire Infrastructure Assets, and additional approvals could become applicable in the future due to, among other reasons, a change in applicable laws and regulations, or a change in the relevant Infrastructure Asset s customer base. There can be no assurance that an Infrastructure Asset will be able to (i) obtain all required regulatory approvals that it does not yet have or that it could require in the future; (ii) obtain any necessary modifications to existing regulatory approvals; or (iii) maintain required regulatory approvals. Delay in obtaining or failure to obtain and maintain in full force and effect any regulatory approvals, or amendments thereto, or delay or failure to satisfy any regulatory conditions or other applicable requirements could prevent operation of a facility owned by an Infrastructure Asset, the completion of a previously announced acquisition or sales to third parties, or could otherwise result in additional costs and material adverse consequences to an Infrastructure Asset and the Company. 
 Since many Infrastructure Assets will provide basic, everyday services and face limited competition, Regulatory Agencies could be influenced by political considerations and could make decisions that adversely affect an Infrastructure Asset s business. Certain types of infrastructure assets are very much in the public eye and politically sensitive, and as a result the Company s activities could attract an undesirable level of publicity. Additionally, pressure groups and lobbyists could induce Regulatory Agency action to our detriment as the owner of the relevant Infrastructure Asset. There can be no assurance that the relevant government will not legislate, impose regulations, or change applicable laws, or act contrary to the law in a way that would materially and adversely affect the business of an Infrastructure Asset. The profitability of certain types of Infrastructure Assets might be materially dependent on government subsidies being maintained (for example, government programs encouraging the development of certain technologies such as solar and wind power generation). Reductions or eliminations of such subsidies would likely have a material adverse impact on relevant Infrastructure Assets and the Company. 
 An Infrastructure Asset s operations might rely on government licenses, concessions, leases or contracts that are generally very complex and could result in a dispute over interpretation or enforceability. Even though most permits and licenses are obtained prior to the commencement of full project operations, many of these licenses and permits have to be maintained over the project s life. If the Company or an Infrastructure Asset fails to comply with these regulations or contractual obligations, it could be subject to monetary penalties or lose its right to operate the affected asset, or both. 
 Where the Company or an Infrastructure Asset holds a concession or lease from a Regulatory Agency, such arrangements are subject to special risks as a result of the nature of the counterparty. The concession or lease might restrict the operation of the relevant asset or business in a way that maximizes cash flows and profitability. The lease or concession could also contain clauses more favorable to the Regulatory Agency counterparty than a typical commercial contract. In addition, there is the risk that the relevant Regulatory Agency will exercise sovereign rights and take actions contrary to the rights of the Company or an Infrastructure Asset under the relevant agreement. Poor performance and other events could lead to termination of the relevant concession or lease agreement, which might or might not provide for compensation to the relevant Infrastructure Asset. If it does, as the Infrastructure Asset would generally be deemed to have been at fault, then often the amount of any related senior debt might not be paid out in full and compensation for lost equity returns might not be provided. 
 Certain assets may require the use of public ways or may operate under easements. Regulatory Agencies typically retain the right to restrict the use of such public ways or easements or require an Infrastructure Asset to remove, modify, replace or relocate facilities relating to infrastructure assets at its own expense. If a Regulatory Agency exercises these rights, an 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 Infrastructure Asset could incur significant costs and its ability to provide service to its customers could be disrupted, which could adversely impact the performance of such Infrastructure Asset. 
 
 Federal, state and foreign anti-corruption and trade sanctions laws and restrictions on foreign direct investment applicable to us and our Infrastructure Assets create the potential for significant liabilities and penalties, the inability to complete transactions, imposition of significant costs and burdens, and reputational harm. 
 
 We are subject to a number of laws and regulations governing payments and contributions to political persons or other third parties, including restrictions imposed by the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act FCPA ), as well as trade sanctions and trade control laws administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control OFAC ), the U.S. Department of Commerce and the U.S. Department of State. The FCPA is intended to prohibit bribery of foreign governments and their officials and political parties, and requires public companies in the United States to keep books and records that accurately and fairly reflect those companies transactions. OFAC, the U.S. Department of Commerce and the U.S. Department of State administer and enforce various trade control laws and regulations, including economic and trade sanctions based on U.S. foreign policy and national security goals against targeted foreign states, organizations and individuals. These laws and regulations implicate a number of aspects of our business, including servicing existing investors, finding new investors, and sourcing new Infrastructure Assets, as well as activities by our Infrastructure Assets. Some of these regulations provide that penalties can be imposed on us for the conduct of an Infrastructure Asset, even if we have not ourselves violated any regulation. 
 
 Similar laws in non-U.S. jurisdictions, such as EU sanctions and blocking statutes, the UK Bribery Act, as well as other applicable anti-bribery, anti-corruption, anti-money laundering, or sanction or other export control, or related laws in the United States and abroad, may also impose stricter or more onerous requirements than the FCPA, OFAC, the U.S. Department of Commerce, the U.S. Department of State or U.S. Department of Treasury, and implementing them may disrupt our business or cause us to incur significantly more costs to comply with those laws. Different laws may also contain conflicting provisions, making compliance with all laws more difficult. For example, the EU has adopted measures, such as Council Regulation (EC) No. 2271/96, that could restrict certain persons and entities subject to EU jurisdiction from complying with extra-territorial sanctions imposed by other jurisdictions, such as the U.S. If we fail to comply with these laws and regulations, we could be exposed to claims for damages, civil or criminal financial penalties, reputational harm, incarceration of our employees, restrictions on our operations and other liabilities, which could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, we may be subject to successor liability for FCPA violations or other acts of bribery, or violations of applicable sanctions, other export control or foreign direct investment laws committed by our Infrastructure Assets. 
 
 Under these laws, governments have the authority to impose a variety of actions, including requirements for the advance screening or notification of certain transactions, blocking or imposing conditions on certain transactions, limiting the size of foreign equity investments or control by foreign investors, and restricting the employment of foreigners as key personnel. These actions could limit our ability to find suitable Infrastructure Assets, cause delays in consummating transactions, result in the abandonment of transactions, and impose burdensome operational requirements on our Infrastructure Assets. These laws could also negatively impact our ability to attract investors and syndication activities by causing us to exclude or limit certain investors in us or co-investors for our transactions. Moreover, these laws may make it difficult for us to identify suitable buyers for our Infrastructure Assets that we want to exit and could constrain the universe of exit opportunities generally. Complying with these laws imposes potentially significant costs and complex additional burdens, and any failure by us or our Infrastructure Assets to comply with them could expose us significant penalties, sanctions, loss of future investment opportunities, additional regulatory scrutiny, and reputational harm. 
 Compliance with environmental laws and regulations may result in substantial costs to the Company. 
 Ordinary operation or the occurrence of an accident with respect to an Infrastructure Asset could cause major environmental damage, which could result in significant financial distress to such Infrastructure Asset, if not covered by insurance, which could occur as a result of such Infrastructure Asset not carrying adequate insurance coverage or, in some cases, as a result of the relevant environmental damage not being fully insurable. In addition, persons who arrange for the disposal or treatment of hazardous materials could also be liable for the costs of removal or remediation of these materials at the disposal or treatment facility, whether or not that facility is or ever was owned or operated by those persons. 
 Certain environmental laws and regulations may require that an owner or operator of an asset address prior environmental contamination, which could involve substantial cost. Such laws and regulations often impose liability without regard to whether the owner or operator knew of, or was responsible for, the release or presence of environmental contamination. The Company could therefore be exposed to substantial risk of loss from environmental claims arising in respect of its 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 Infrastructure Assets. Furthermore, changes in environmental laws or regulations or the environmental condition of an Infrastructure Asset could create liabilities that did not exist at the time of its acquisition and that could not have been foreseen. Community and environmental groups could protest about the development or operation of Infrastructure Assets, which might induce government action to the detriment of the Company. New and more stringent environmental or health and safety laws, regulations and permit requirements, or stricter interpretations of current laws, regulations or requirements, could impose substantial additional costs on an Infrastructure Asset, or could otherwise place an Infrastructure Asset at a competitive disadvantage compared to alternative forms of infrastructure, and failure to comply with any such requirements could have an adverse effect on an Infrastructure Asset. Some of the most onerous environmental requirements regulate air emissions of pollutants and greenhouse gases; these requirements particularly affect companies in the power and energy industries. 
 Even in cases where the Company is indemnified by the seller with respect to an Infrastructure Asset against liabilities arising out of violations of environmental laws and regulations, there can be no assurance as to the financial viability of the seller to satisfy such indemnities or the ability of the Company to achieve enforcement of such indemnities. 
 
 We anticipate being subject to increasing focus by our investors, regulators and other stakeholders on ESG matters. 
 
 Our investors, regulators and other stakeholders are increasingly focused on environmental, social and governance ESG matters. For example, certain investors may consider our and our Manager s record of responsible investing, as well as our approach to responsible investing, in determining whether to invest in our Shares. Certain investors have also demonstrated increased ESG-related activism, which may constrain our capital deployment opportunities and engagement with existing investments. Similarly, certain investors, particularly institutional investors, may use third-party benchmarks or scores to measure our ESG practices, and to decide whether to invest in our Shares or engage with us regarding our practices. If our ESG scores or practices do not meet the standards set by such investors, they may choose not to invest in our Shares, and we may face reputational challenges. There can be no assurance that we will be able to accomplish any ESG goals or commitments that we may announce in the future, as statements regarding such goals and commitments reflect our plans and aspirations at the time of announcement and do not guarantee achievement of such plans and aspirations within the timeline we announce or at all. 
 
 Different stakeholder groups have divergent views on ESG matters, which increases the risk that any action or lack thereof with respect to ESG matters will be perceived negatively by at least some stakeholders and adversely impact our reputation and business. Anti-ESG sentiment has gained some momentum across the United States, with several states having enacted or proposed anti-ESG policies or legislation, or issued related legal opinions. If we do not successfully manage ESG-related expectations across these varied stakeholder interests, it could erode stakeholder trust, impact our reputation, and constrain our acquisition and capital raising opportunities. 
 
 In 2022, the SEC proposed extensive rules aimed at enhancing and standardizing climate-related disclosures in an effort to foster greater consistency, comparability and reliability of climate-related information among public issuers. The proposal, if adopted, would require domestic registrants and foreign private issuers to include prescribed climate-related information in their registration statements and annual reports substantially beyond what is currently required, including data regarding greenhouse gas emissions and information regarding climate-related risks and opportunities and related financial impacts, governance and strategy. 
 
 Globally, a lack of harmonization in relation to ESG legal and regulatory reform across the jurisdictions in which we may operate may affect our future implementation of, and compliance with, rapidly developing ESG standards and requirements. 
 
 Generally, we expect investor demands and the prevailing legal environment to require us to devote additional resources to ESG matters in our review of prospective acquisitions. Additionally, collecting, measuring, and reporting ESG information and metrics can be costly, difficult and time consuming, are subject to evolving reporting standards, and can present numerous operational, reputational, financial, legal and other risks. 
 
 Compliance with ESG-related rules and efforts to meet investor expectations on ESG matters may place strain on our Manager s personnel, systems and resources, and we may incur significant compliance costs. Additionally, failure to comply with such rules or meet investor expectations may adversely affect our business and reputation, and negatively impact our ability to raise capital and the NAV of our Shares. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 We are subject to risks resulting from owning and controlling Infrastructure Assets outside of more developed economies. 
 The Company has been formed to own, control and operate Infrastructure Assets and related Joint Ventures with a long-term horizon, primarily located in OECD countries in North America, Western Europe and Asia. A portion of its Infrastructure Assets may be located in less-developed or developing countries. The Company may also hold securities, properties and other assets organized in or subject to the laws of one or more countries in Western Europe, including countries with emerging economies, which may lack social, political and economic stability, and the legal systems of some countries in the region may lack transparency or could limit the protections available to non-U.S. investors, and the Company s Infrastructure Assets could be subject to nationalization and confiscation without fair compensation. Owning and controlling non-U.S. Infrastructure Assets involves certain factors not typically associated with owning and controlling Infrastructure Assets in the United States, the European Economic Area (as currently constituted, the EEA and other more developed countries, including risks relating to (a) currency exchange matters, including fluctuations in the rate of exchange between the United States dollar and non-U.S. currencies in which the Company s foreign Infrastructure Assets are denominated, and costs associated with conversion of principal and income from one currency into another, (b) differences between U.S. and non-U.S. Infrastructure Assets and (c) the possible imposition of withholding or other taxes on income or gains recognized with respect to Infrastructure Assets. In addition, certain of these capital markets involve certain factors not typically associated with investing in established securities markets, including, without limitation, risks relating to: (i) differences arising from less developed securities markets, including potential price volatility in and relative illiquidity of some non-U.S. securities markets; (ii) the absence of uniform accounting, auditing and financial reporting standards, practices and disclosure requirements and less government supervision and regulation, which may result in lower quality information being available and less developed corporate laws regarding fiduciary duties and the protection of investors, less developed bankruptcy laws and difficulty in enforcing contractual obligations; (iii) certain economic and political risks, including potential economic, political or social instability, exchange control regulations, restrictions on foreign investment and repatriation of capital (possibly requiring government approval, as described further herein), expropriation or confiscatory taxation and higher rates of inflation and reliance on a more limited number of commodity inputs, service providers and/or distribution mechanisms; (iv) potentially material and unpredictable governmental influence on the national and local economies; (v) fewer or less attractive financing and structuring alternatives and exit strategies; and (vi) the possible imposition of local taxes on income and gains recognized with respect to Infrastructure Assets. While the Manager intends, where deemed appropriate, to manage the Company in a manner that will minimize exposure to the foregoing risks, there can be no assurance that adverse developments with respect to such risks will not adversely affect the assets of the Company that are held, directly or indirectly, in certain countries. 
 Geographical concentration of the Company s Infrastructure Assets may make the assets more susceptible to changing conditions of particular geographic regions. 
 The Company s geographic diversification may be limited due to limited availability of suitable business opportunities. During periods of difficult market conditions or economic slowdown in certain regions and in countries that are members of the OECD in North America and Western Europe in particular, the adverse effect on the Company could be exacerbated by the geographic concentration of its Infrastructure Assets. The Company may seek to own and control several Infrastructure Assets in certain regions or sectors within a short period of time. To the extent that the Company s Infrastructure Assets are concentrated in a particular company, geographic region, its Infrastructure Assets will become more susceptible to fluctuations in value resulting from adverse economic or business conditions with respect thereto. For the Company to achieve attractive returns, one or a few of its Infrastructure Assets will need to perform very well. There are no assurances that this will be the case. In addition, the Company may acquire Infrastructure Assets alongside one or more KKR Vehicles. Furthermore, to the extent that the capital raised is less than the targeted amount and/or repurchase requests are significant, the Company may own and control fewer Infrastructure Assets and thus be less diversified. 
 Although the Company intends to target a portfolio of Infrastructure Assets, which will be structured through Joint Ventures, that is broadly diversified across a number of different infrastructure sectors, geographies and asset types, to the extent the Company s Infrastructure Assets are concentrated in a particular market, the Company s portfolio may become more susceptible to fluctuations in value resulting from adverse economic or business conditions affecting that particular market. In these circumstances and in other transactions where the Manager intends to refinance all or a portion of the capital invested, there will be a risk that such refinancing may not be completed, which could lead to an increased risk as a result of the Company having an unintended reduced diversification. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 We face additional risks if we participate in contractual arrangements relating to aircraft leasing. 
 The Company could participate in platform arrangements and other contractual arrangements relating to aircraft leasing. The airline industry is cyclical and highly competitive. Airlines and related companies (including airports) are currently being affected by COVID-19 and could be affected by political or economic instability, terrorist activities, changes in national policy, competitive pressures on certain air carriers, fuel prices and shortages, labor stoppages, insurance costs, recessions, further world health issues and other political or economic events adversely affecting world or regional trading. The airline industry is highly sensitive to general economic trends and has been materially impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. Any further downturn in the global economy or in the relevant local economy could further adversely affect results of operations and financial conditions. Any such negative impact on the airline industry could increase the risk of any airline defaulting on the terms of any aircraft lease acquisitions made by the Company and the ability of the Company to source alternative airline operators to assume the obligations under such leases, which could adversely impact the performance of such acquisitions. 
 Risks Related to Our Structure 
 We will depend on the Manager and KKR to achieve our business objectives. 
 KKR, through its ownership of all of the Company s outstanding Class G Shares, hold, directly and indirectly, all of the voting power of the Company. As the sole holder of the Company s Class G Shares, KKR is able to control the appointment and removal of all members of the Board, including the Company s independent directors, and, accordingly, exercises substantial influence over the Company and its Infrastructure Assets. 
 The success of the Company will therefore depend on the ability of the Manager and its affiliates to identify and consummate suitable Infrastructure Assets and to dispose of Infrastructure Assets of the Company at a profit. The Company will rely on the skill and expertise of the Manager and the KKR Infrastructure Team, and others providing advice and services with respect to the Company. There can be no assurance that these key business professionals or other persons will continue to be associated with or available to the Manager or its affiliates throughout the life of the Company. The loss or reduction of the services of one or more of such persons could have an adverse impact on the Company. 
 In addition, the Company s Management Agreement is expected to require the Company to make significant payments to the Manager if the Company terminates the Management Agreement through the payment of the Termination Fee. The Management Agreement is expected to provide that the Manager may terminate the Management Agreement only if the Company defaults in the performance or observance of any material term, condition or covenant contained in the Management Agreement and the default continues unremedied for a period of thirty (30) days after written notice of the breach is given to the Company. We anticipate that the Management Agreement may be terminated upon the affirmative vote of all of our independent directors. We must will need to provide the Manager 180 days written notice of any termination. Upon termination, the Manager will be paid a Termination Fee. The Manager may terminate the Management Agreement if the Company becomes required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act, with such termination deemed to occur immediately before such event, in which case the Company shall not be required to pay the Termination Fee. We anticipate that the Management Agreement will not be able to be terminated for any other reason, including if the Manager or KKR experience a change of control or due solely to the poor performance or under-performance of the Company s operations or Infrastructure Assets, and the Management Agreement continues in perpetuity, until terminated in accordance with its terms. Because the Manager is an affiliate of KKR and KKR has a significant influence on the affairs of the Company, the Company may be unwilling to terminate the Management Agreement, even in the case of a default. If the Manager s performance does not meet the expectations of shareholders, and the Company is unable or unwilling to terminate the Management Agreement, the Company is not entitled to terminate the agreement and the Company s NAV per Share could decline. In addition, if our Management Agreement is terminated, we expect that the Management Agreement will obligate us to forfeit our controlling interest in any Joint Venture, which would likely require us to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act and adversely affect an investment in our Shares. We also expect that the Management Agreement will require us to redeem any KKR Shares if the Management Agreement is terminated, which could require us to liquidate Infrastructure Assets at unfavorable times or prices, which may adversely affect an investment in our Shares. 
 Furthermore, although the KKR Infrastructure Team members and other investment professionals intend to devote sufficient time to the Company so that it can carry out its proposed activities, all of the KKR Infrastructure Team s members (including key personnel such as certain of our executive officers) are also responsible for the broader KKR Infrastructure platform and, as a result, not all of their business time will be devoted to the Company as they will be responsible for the day-to-day activities and investments of certain KKR Vehicles (including, without limitation, 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 infrastructure funds, vehicles and/or accounts) as further described in Other KKR Activities below. In addition, KKR may from time to time establish KKR Vehicles that focus on investments that fall within and outside of the Company s strategy and objective and KKR investment professionals (including certain of the Company s team members) will spend time and attention on such KKR Vehicles. 
 Finally, although the Manager expects to have access to the appropriate resources, relationships, and expertise of KKR (subject to information-sharing policies and procedures with respect to KKR s credit and private equity business and KKR s broker-dealer affiliate), there can be no assurance that such resources, relationships, and expertise will be available for every transaction. In addition, investment professionals and committee members can be replaced or added over time or required to recuse themselves or otherwise be restricted from participating in any investment-related decision by the relevant committee because, for example, they have acquired confidential information relating to an investment through their involvement with a KKR Vehicle and applicable securities laws or regulations, contractual confidentiality obligations or other applicable legal or regulatory considerations restrict their ability to participate on behalf of the Company in the management of the relevant Infrastructure Asset. Modifications to KKR s management, operating and investment procedures, which can be modified at any time, can also result in changes to the investment professionals and other resources that the Manager has access to with respect to the management of the Company and its Infrastructure Assets. 
 Before making a recommendation, the Manager will typically conduct due diligence that they deem reasonable and appropriate based on the facts and circumstances applicable to each Infrastructure Asset. Due diligence might entail evaluation of important and complex business, financial, tax, accounting, ESG and legal issues and assessment of cyber security and information technology systems. In particular, the nature and scope of our Manager s ESG diligence, if any, will vary based on the investment opportunity, but may include a review of, among other things, air and water pollution, land contamination, diversity, human rights, employee health and safety, accounting standards, bribery and corruption. Selecting and evaluating material ESG factors is subjective by nature, and there is no guarantee that the criteria utilized or judgment exercised by our Manager or a third-party ESG consultant (if any) will reflect the beliefs, values, internal policies or preferred practices of any particular investor or align with the beliefs or values or preferred practices of other managers or with market trends. The materiality of ESG risks and impacts on an individual potential investment or portfolio as a whole are dependent on many factors, including the relevant industry, jurisdiction, asset class and investment style. 
 
 Outside consultants, legal advisors, accountants, investment banks and other third parties might be involved in the due diligence process to varying degrees depending on the type of asset. Such involvement of third-party advisors or consultants can present a number of risks primarily relating to the Manager s reduced control of the functions that are outsourced. In addition, if the Manager and/or KKR are unable to timely engage third-party providers, their ability to evaluate and acquire more complex targets could be adversely affected. When conducting due diligence and making an assessment regarding an asset, the Manager and its affiliates will rely on the resources available to them, including information provided by the target and, in some circumstances, third-party investigations. The due diligence investigation that the Manager and its affiliates carry out with respect to an asset might not reveal or highlight all relevant facts that are necessary or helpful in evaluating such asset. Certain considerations covered by our Manager s diligence, such as ESG, are continuously evolving, including from an assessment, regulatory and compliance standpoint, and our Manager may not accurately or fully anticipate such evolution. In addition, instances of fraud and other deceptive practices committed by the management teams of targets could undermine the Manager s due diligence efforts with respect to such companies. Moreover, such an investigation will not necessarily result in the Infrastructure Asset being successful. Conduct occurring at Infrastructure Assets, even activities that occurred prior to the Company s ownership, could have an adverse impact on the Company. 
 Our ability to achieve our business objective depends on the ability of the Manager to identify, acquire and support our Infrastructure Assets. 
 The success of the Company will depend on the ability of the Manager and its affiliates to identify and select appropriate Infrastructure Assets, as well as the Company s ability to acquire these Infrastructure Assets. The infrastructure sector in which the Company will own and control Infrastructure Assets has become highly competitive. The Company will be competing for Infrastructure Assets with operating companies, financial institutions, and entities specializing in engineering, and other institutional investors as well as private equity, hedge, infrastructure and investment funds. These investors could make competing offers for Infrastructure Asset opportunities identified by the Manager and its affiliates, some of whom may have, among other things, greater resources, longer operating histories, more established relationships, greater expertise, better reputations, lower costs of capital and better access to funding, different regulatory barriers, different risk tolerances or lower return thresholds than we do. As a result, such competition could mean that the prices and terms on which purchases of Infrastructure Assets are made could be less beneficial to the Company than would otherwise have been the case, or that we may lose acquisition opportunities. No assurance is given that the Company s business 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 objectives will be achieved or that it will be able to successfully implement its business strategy. Also, there can be no assurance that the Company will be able to exit from its Infrastructure Assets at attractive valuations. The Company likely will incur significant fees and expenses identifying, investigating, and attempting to acquire potential assets that the Company ultimately does not acquire, including fees and expenses relating to due diligence, transportation and travel, including in extended competitive bidding processes. 
 While the Manager generally intends to seek attractive returns for the Company primarily through owning and controlling Infrastructure Assets for the long term as described herein, the Manager may pursue additional business strategies and may modify or depart from its initial business strategy, process and techniques as it determines appropriate. The Manager may adjust the business strategy and guidelines at any time in light of changing market conditions or other considerations. The Manager may pursue Infrastructure Assets outside of the sectors or regions in which KKR has previously owned and controlled Infrastructure Assets. The Company could have short-term acquisitions, and the returns from these acquisitions are likely to be lower than the returns from typical Infrastructure Assets. Any projections/estimates regarding the number, size or type of Infrastructure Assets that the Company may own and control (or similar estimates) are estimates based only on the Manager s intent as of the date of such statements and are subject to change due to market conditions and/or other factors (e.g., the Manager may determine to pursue on behalf of the Company one or more Infrastructure Asset opportunities that are larger or smaller than any target range described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in different geographies or sectors than described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K). 
 We will rely on the ability of the management teams of our Infrastructure Assets to implement any agreed-upon reorganization plans but cannot assure they will be able to do so in accordance with the Company s expectations. 
 The day-to-day operations of each Infrastructure Asset that the Company owns and operates will be the responsibility of such Infrastructure Asset s management team, which, in each case, could likely include representatives of investors with whom the Company is not affiliated and whose interests conflict with the interests of the Company. Although the Manager will be responsible for monitoring the performance of each Infrastructure Asset, the Company will rely significantly on the management teams and boards of directors of Infrastructure Assets acquired by the Company, including to effectively implement any agreed-upon reorganization plans. There can be no assurance that the existing management team of any Infrastructure Asset or any successor thereto will be able to operate such Infrastructure Asset in accordance with the Company s expectations. Misconduct by management (or other employees, consultants or sub-contractors) of an Infrastructure Asset could cause significant losses in respect of the relevant asset. Our employees, consultants or sub-contractors and those of our Infrastructure Assets may also become subject to allegations of sexual harassment, racial and gender discrimination or other similar misconduct, which, regardless of the ultimate outcome, may result in adverse publicity that could significantly harm our and such Infrastructure Asset s brand and reputation. Furthermore, our business often requires that we deal with confidential matters of great significance to our business partners. If our employees, consultants or sub-contractors were improperly to use or disclose confidential information, we could suffer serious harm to our reputation, financial position and current and future business relationships, as well as face potentially significant litigation or investigation. It is not always possible to detect or deter such misconduct, and the precautions we take may not be effective in all cases. If any of our employees, consultants or sub-contractors or the employees of Infrastructure Assets were to engage in misconduct or were to be accused of such misconduct, our business and our reputation could be materially and adversely affected. 
 Our Infrastructure Assets may rely on third-party managers or operators which may fail to perform their duties adequately. 
 The management of the business or operations of an Infrastructure Asset might be contracted to a third-party manager or operator unaffiliated with the manager. The selection of a manager or operator is inherently based on subjective criteria, making the true performance and abilities of a particular manager or operator difficult to assess. Further, there are a limited number of management companies and operators with the expertise necessary to maintain and operate infrastructure and infrastructure-related projects successfully. Although it would be possible to replace any such operator, the failure of such an operator to perform its duties adequately or to act in ways that are in the Infrastructure Asset s best interest, or the breach by an operator of applicable agreements or laws, rules and regulations, could have an adverse effect on the Infrastructure Asset s financial condition or results of operations. A third-party manager could suffer a business failure, become bankrupt, or engage in activities that compete with an Infrastructure Asset. These and other risks, including the deterioration of the business relationship between the Company and the third-party manager, could have an adverse effect on an Infrastructure Asset. Should a third-party manager fail to perform its functions satisfactorily, it might be necessary to find a replacement operator, which could require the approval of a government or Regulatory Agency that has granted a concession with respect to the relevant Infrastructure Asset. It might not be possible to replace an operator in such circumstances, or do so on a timely basis, or on terms that are favorable to the Company. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 There are various conflicts of interest in our relationship with KKR, including with our Manager and in the allocation of management resources to KKR Vehicles and us, which could result in decisions that are not in the best interests of our shareholders. 
 As of the date hereof, KKR owned all of our outstanding Class G Shares, providing it with special rights and privileges not available to other shareholders. As a result, KKR has the power to significantly influence our business and affairs and can exercise significant influence over the Company, including removing directors (including independent directors), electing directors and filling any vacancies on the Board. In addition, our Manager is a wholly-owned subsidiary of KKR, and certain of our executive officers are employees of KKR or one or more of its subsidiaries. 
 As further described under Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence Potential Conflicts of Interest below, conflicts of interest will at times arise in allocating time, services, or resources among the business activities of the Company, KKR Vehicles, KKR-affiliated investment entities (including proprietary investment entities) and the executives of KKR. The Manager will devote such time as shall be necessary to conduct the business affairs of the Company in an appropriate manner. However, KKR, the Manager and their affiliates will continue to devote the resources necessary to manage KKR Vehicles and KKR-affiliated investment entities (including proprietary investment entities), and to manage the investment activities of the executives of KKR. KKR, the Manager and their affiliates are not precluded from conducting activities unrelated to the Company or KKR Vehicles. We believe that these other activities will not materially interfere with KKR s or the Manager s responsibilities to the Company. There is no guarantee that the policies and procedures adopted by us, the terms and conditions of the Management Agreement or the policies and procedures adopted by our Manager, KKR and their affiliates, will enable us to identify, adequately address or mitigate these conflicts of interest. 
 
 We will pay our Manager certain Management Fees regardless of the performance of our Infrastructure Assets. Our Manager s entitlement to certain Management Fees, which are not based upon performance metrics or goals, might reduce its incentive to devote its time and effort to seeking Infrastructure Assets that provide attractive risk-adjusted returns for us. Because such Management Fees are also based in part on our outstanding equity, our Manager may also be incentivized to advance strategies that increase our equity, and there may be circumstances where increasing our equity will not optimize the returns for our Shareholders. Consequently, we are required to pay our Manager certain Management Fees in a particular period despite experiencing a net loss or a decline in the value of our assets during that period. 
 
 Our Manager has the ability to earn the Performance Participation Allocation, which may create an incentive for our Manager to seek Infrastructure Assets with higher yield potential, which are generally riskier or more speculative, or sell an asset prematurely for a gain, in an effort to increase our short-term performance and thereby increase the Performance Participation Allocation to which it is entitled. In addition, we are required to reimburse our Manager and its affiliates for certain expenses incurred by them on our behalf, as set forth in our Management Agreement. Accordingly, to the extent that our Manager retains other parties to provide services to us, expenses allocable to us will increase. If our interests and those of our Manager are not aligned, the execution of our business plan and our results of operations could be adversely affected, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 We would not be able to operate our business according to our business plans if we are required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. 
 The Company is not, and does not intend to become, regulated as an investment company under the Investment Company Act, and if the Company were deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, applicable restrictions could make it impractical for the Company to operate as contemplated. 
 The Company operates its business in a manner permitting it to be excluded from the definition of an investment company under the Investment Company Act. Under Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the Investment Company Act, a company is deemed to be an investment company if it is, or holds itself out as being, engaged primarily, or proposes to engage primarily, in the business of investing, reinvesting or trading in securities. Under Section 3(a)(1)(C) of the Investment Company Act, a company is deemed to be an investment company if it is engaged, or proposes to engage, in the business of investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading in securities, and owns or proposes to acquire investment securities having a value exceeding 40 of the value of its total assets (exclusive of U.S. Government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis (the 40 test ). Excluded from the term investment securities, among other instruments, are U.S. Government securities and securities issued by majority-owned subsidiaries that are not themselves investment companies and are not relying on the exception from the definition of investment company set forth in Section 3(c)(1) or Section 3(c)(7) of the Investment Company Act. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 The Company conducts its operations so that it is not required to register as an investment company. The Company is organized as a holding company that conducts its business primarily through Joint Ventures. The Company expects that its interests in most, if not all, of its Joint Ventures will not constitute investment securities for purposes of the 40 test. Accordingly, the Company believes that it will not be considered an investment company under Section 3(a)(1)(C) of the Investment Company Act because it does not engage primarily or hold itself out as being engaged primarily in the business of investing, reinvesting or trading in securities. Rather, through its Joint Ventures, the Company is primarily engaged in the businesses of its Joint Ventures, namely, the business of owning and controlling Infrastructure Assets. 
 The Company has not requested that the SEC approve its determination that it does not engage primarily or hold itself out as being engaged primarily in the business of investing, reinvesting or trading in securities, and the SEC has not done so. If the SEC were to disagree with the Company s determination, the Company would need to adjust its business strategy and its assets to continue to satisfy the 40 test. Any such adjustment in the Company s strategy or assets could have a material adverse effect on the value of the Shares. 
 In order to ensure that the Company is not deemed to be an investment company, it may be required to materially restrict or limit the scope of its operations or plans. The Company will be limited in the types of acquisitions that it may make, and may need to modify its organizational structure or dispose of assets of which it would not otherwise dispose. A change in the value of the Company s assets could cause the Company to fall within the definition of investment company inadvertently, and negatively affect the Company s ability to maintain an exclusion from regulation under the Investment Company Act. To avoid being required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act, the Company may be unable to sell assets it would otherwise want to sell and may need to sell assets it would otherwise wish to retain. In addition, the Company may have to acquire additional assets that it might not otherwise have acquired, or may have to forgo opportunities to acquire interests in Infrastructure Assets that it would otherwise want to acquire and that would be important to its business strategy. 
 The Investment Company Act provides certain protections to investors and imposes certain restrictions on companies that are required to be regulated as investment companies. Among other things, such rules limit or prohibit transactions with affiliates, impose limitations on the issuance of debt and equity securities and impose certain governance requirements. If the Company were required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act, it would be impractical for the Company to operate as contemplated. Agreements and arrangements between and among the Company and the Manager would be impaired, the type and amount of acquisitions that the Company would be able to make as a principal would be limited and its business, financial condition and results of operations would be materially adversely affected. Accordingly, the Company would be required to take extraordinary steps to address the situation, such as the amendment or termination of the Management Agreement, the restructuring of the Company and its Joint Ventures, the amendment of the Company s LLC Agreement or the termination and liquidation of the Company, any of which could materially adversely affect the value of the Shares. 
 The Company expects that the Manager will terminate the Management Agreement if the Company becomes required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act, with such termination deemed to occur immediately before such event. The Company expects that termination of the Management Agreement will obligate the Company to forfeit its controlling interest in any Joint Venture, which would likely require the Company to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act and adversely affect an investment in the Company s Shares. 
 If the Company were required to register as an investment company but failed to do so, the Company would be prohibited from engaging in its business, and civil actions could be brought against the Company, the Manager and their affiliates. In addition, the Company s contracts would be unenforceable unless a court required enforcement, and a court could appoint a receiver to take control of the Company and liquidate its business. 
 If we are required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act, we would likely be treated as a publicly traded partnership that is subject to corporate income taxes. 
 If the Company were deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, it would likely be subject to taxation as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and such treatment could materially adversely affect the value of the Shares. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 Our LLC Agreement contains provisions that reduce or eliminate duties (including fiduciary duties) of our Board and limit remedies available to Shareholders for actions that might otherwise constitute a breach of duty. It will be difficult for Shareholders to successfully challenge a resolution of a conflict of interest in accordance with the LLC Agreement. 
 The LLC Agreement contains provisions that require holders of Shares to waive or consent to conduct by our Board or the Manager that might otherwise raise issues about compliance with fiduciary duties or applicable law. For example, the LLC Agreement provides that when directors or the employees of the Manager are acting in their individual capacities, as opposed to in their capacity as members of our Board or employees of our Manager, respectively, they may act without any fiduciary obligations to holders of our Shares, whatsoever. When the Board is permitted to or required to make a decision in its discretion or that it deems necessary or appropriate or necessary or advisable, then the Board will be entitled to consider only such interests and factors as it desires, including the interests of KKR and its affiliates and will not be subject to any different standards imposed by the LLC Agreement, the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act or under any other law, rule or regulation or in equity. These standards reduce the obligations to which the Board would otherwise be held. 
 The above modifications of fiduciary duties are expressly permitted by Delaware law. Hence, we and holders of our Shares will only have recourse and be able to seek remedies against directors if the directors breach their obligations pursuant to the LLC Agreement. Unless a director breaches her or his obligations pursuant to the LLC Agreement, we and holders of our Shares will not have any recourse against such director even if such director were to act in a manner that was inconsistent with traditional fiduciary duties. Furthermore, even if there has been a breach of the obligations set forth in the LLC Agreement, the LLC Agreement provides that members of the Board will not be liable to our Shareholders, for any losses, claims, damages, liabilities, joint or several, expenses (including legal fees and expenses), judgments, fines, penalties, interest, settlements or other amounts arising as a result of any act or omission or for any breach of contract (including a breach of the LLC Agreement) or any breach of duties (including breach of fiduciary duties) whether arising under the LLC Agreement, at law, in equity or otherwise, unless there has been a final and non-appealable judgment entered by a court of competent jurisdiction determining that, (A) in respect of the matter in question, such member of the Board acted in bad faith or engaged in fraud or willful misconduct or (B) the action or omission by such member of the Board was not made during the course of performing, or pursuant to, the Board s duties. These provisions are detrimental to the holders of our Shares because they restrict the remedies available to Shareholders for actions that without such limitations might constitute breaches of duty including fiduciary duties. 
 Whenever a potential conflict of interest exists between us and KKR, the Manager or any of their respective affiliates, the Board may resolve such conflict of interest. If the Board determines that its resolution of the conflict of interest is on terms no less favorable to us than those generally being provided to or available from unrelated third parties or is fair and reasonable to us, taking into account the totality of the relationships between the parties involved (including other transactions that may be particularly favorable or advantageous to the Company), then it will be presumed that in making this determination, the Board acted in good faith. A holder of our Shares seeking to challenge this resolution of the conflict of interest would bear the burden of overcoming such presumption. This is different from the situation with a typical Delaware corporation, where a conflict resolution by an interested party would be presumed to be unfair and the interested party would have the burden of demonstrating that the resolution was fair. 
 Also, if the Board obtains the approval of our Audit Committee, the resolution will be deemed to be approved by all Shareholders of the Company and deemed not to be a breach by the Board of the LLC Agreement or any duties it may owe to the Company or holders of our Shares. This is different from the situation with a typical Delaware corporation, where a conflict resolution by a committee consisting solely of independent directors may, in certain circumstances, merely shift the burden of demonstrating unfairness to the plaintiff. If you purchase, receive or otherwise hold Shares, you will be treated as having consented to the provisions set forth in the LLC Agreement, including provisions regarding conflicts of interest situations that, in the absence of such provisions, might be considered a breach of fiduciary or other duties under applicable state law. As a result, Shareholders will, as a practical matter, not be able to successfully challenge an informed decision by the Audit Committee. 
 We have also agreed to indemnify and hold harmless the members of the Board and the officers of the Company (each such person being an Indemnified Party ), to the fullest extent permitted by law, from and against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities, joint or several, expenses (including legal fees and expenses), judgments, fines, penalties, interest, settlements or other amounts arising as a result of any act or omission of an Indemnified Party, or for any breach of contract (including breach of the LLC Agreement) or any breach of duties (including breach of fiduciary duties) whether arising under the LLC Agreement, at law, in equity or otherwise We have agreed to provide this indemnification unless there has been a final and non-appealable judgment entered by a court of competent jurisdiction determining that the Indemnified Party s action or omission constitutes fraud, willful misconduct or bad faith or the Indemnified Party s actions 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 or omissions were not made during the course of performing or pursuant to the Indemnified Party s duties as a director, officer, trustee, manager, employee or agent of the Company or an affiliate thereof. 
 The Board may cause the Company to repurchase Shares from time to time or assign this right to KKR or its affiliates. The Board may use its own discretion, free of fiduciary duty restrictions, in determining whether to cause the Company to exercise this right. As a result, a member may have their Shares repurchased at an undesirable time or price. For additional information, see the LLC Agreement included as an exhibit to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Any claims, suits, actions or proceedings concerning the matters described above or any other matter arising out of or relating in any way to the LLC Agreement may only be brought in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware or, if such court does not have subject matter jurisdiction thereof, any other court in the State of Delaware with subject matter jurisdiction. 
 The Board, KKR, the Manager, our officers and their respective affiliates and certain service providers will be entitled to exculpation and indemnification resulting in limited right of action for Shareholders. 
 The LLC Agreement will include exculpation and indemnification provisions that will limit the circumstances under which KKR, its affiliates and others can be held liable to the Company. Additionally, certain service providers to the Company, the Manager, their respective affiliates, agents and other persons, including, without limitation, KKR investment professionals and their respective affiliates, and placement agents and finders, will be entitled to exculpation and indemnification (in certain cases, on terms more favorable to them than those available to indemnitees, generally). The assets of the Company will be available to satisfy these indemnification obligations. Such indemnification obligations could materially impact the returns to Shareholders. Such obligations will survive the dissolution of the Company. KKR and its affiliates will carry liability insurance (including D O insurance) that is similar to that which other asset managers with similar businesses hold, and in amounts that are customary for the types of businesses that KKR and its affiliates operates. However, there is no guarantee that such insurance will be available to satisfy losses for which the Company is required to provide indemnification, and potential insurance claims will not delay the availability of the advances provided to indemnified persons under the LLC Agreement. Moreover, the state-law fiduciary duties of the Manager and its affiliates are modified pursuant to the terms of the LLC Agreement and to the extent permitted by law. As a result, the Shareholders will have a more limited right of action in certain cases than they would in the absence of such limitations. 
 We have certain reporting obligations not applicable to private companies. We need to make significant capital expenditures to be in compliance with certain regulations not applicable to private companies. Failure to comply with such regulations may have an adverse effect on our business. 
 We are subject to regulations not applicable to private companies, such as provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Efforts to comply with such regulations will involve significant expenditures, and non-compliance with such regulations may adversely affect us. 
 We are subject to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and the related rules and regulations promulgated by the SEC. Our management will be required to report on our internal control over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act by the time we file our second annual report on Form 10-K. We are required to review on an annual basis our internal control over financial reporting, and on a quarterly and annual basis to evaluate and disclose changes in our internal control over financial reporting. As a new company, developing and maintaining an effective system of internal controls may require significant expenditures, which may negatively impact our financial performance and our ability to make distributions. This process also will result in a diversion of our management s time and attention. We cannot be certain of when our evaluation, testing and remediation actions will be completed or the impact of the same on our operations. In addition, we may be unable to ensure that the process is effective or that our internal controls over financial reporting are or will be effective in a timely manner. In the event that we are unable to develop or maintain an effective system of internal controls and maintain or achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and related rules, we may be adversely affected. 
 Our independent registered public accounting firm will not be required to formally attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting until there is a public market for our shares, which is not expected to occur. 
 We could be subject to review and approval by CFIUS or other regulatory agencies resulting in limitations or restrictions on our acquisitions and joint ventures. 
 Certain acquisitions by the Company that involve the acquisition of a business connected with or related to national security or that has a nexus to critical or sensitive sectors could be subject to review and approval by the U.S. Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States CFIUS and/or non-U.S. national security/investment clearance regulators depending on the beneficial ownership and control of interests in the Company. In the event that CFIUS or another 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 regulator reviews one or more of the Company s proposed or existing Infrastructure Assets, there can be no assurances that the Company will be able to maintain, or proceed with, such acquisitions on terms acceptable to the Company. CFIUS or another regulator could impose limitations on or prohibit one or more of the Company s acquisitions of Infrastructure Assets. Such limitations or restrictions could prevent the Company from maintaining or pursuing acquisitions, which could adversely affect the Company s performance with respect to such acquisitions (if consummated) and thus the Company s performance as a whole. These risks may also limit the attractiveness of, delay or prevent us from pursuing certain acquisitions that we believe would otherwise be attractive to the Company and our Shareholders. 
 In addition, certain of the Shareholders of the Company will be non-U.S. shareholders, and in the aggregate, may comprise a substantial portion of the Company s Shareholders, which would increase both the risk that acquisitions could be subject to review by CFIUS, and the risk that limitations or restrictions will be imposed by CFIUS or other non-U.S. regulators on the Company s Infrastructure Assets. In the event that restrictions are imposed on any acquisition by the Company due to the non-U.S. status of a Shareholder or group of Shareholders or other related CFIUS or national security considerations, the Manager could choose to restrict such Shareholder s or such group of Shareholders ability to invest in or receive information with respect to any such Infrastructure Asset. However, there can be no assurance that any restrictions implemented on any such Shareholder or any such group of Shareholders will allow the Company to maintain, or proceed with, any acquisition. 
 We could become subject to the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, or ERISA and potential Controlled Group Liability. 
 We intend to conduct our affairs so that our assets should not be deemed to constitute plan assets of any Shareholder that is a benefit plan investor within the meaning of ERISA and the regulations promulgated thereunder by the U.S. Department of Labor, as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA (the Plan Asset Regulations ). 
 If, notwithstanding our intent, the assets of the Company were deemed to be plan assets of any Shareholder that is a benefit plan investor within the meaning of ERISA and the Plan Asset Regulations, this would result, among other things, in (i) the application of the prudence and other fiduciary responsibility standards of ERISA to acquisitions made by the Company and (ii) the possibility that certain transactions in which the Company might seek to engage could constitute prohibited transactions under ERISA and the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ). If a prohibited transaction occurs for which no exemption is available, the Manager and/or any other fiduciary that has engaged in the prohibited transaction could be required to (i) restore to the benefit plan investor any profit realized on the transaction and (ii) reimburse the benefit plan investor for any losses suffered by the benefit plan investor as a result of the acquisition. In addition, each disqualified person (within the meaning of Section 4975 of the Code) involved could be subject to an excise tax equal to 15 of the amount involved in the prohibited transaction for each year the transaction continues and, unless the transaction is corrected within statutorily required periods, to an additional tax of 100 .In addition, with respect to a benefit plan investor that is an IRA that invests in the Company, the occurrence of a prohibited transaction involving the individual who established the IRA, or his or her beneficiaries, would cause the IRA to lose its tax-exempt status. 
 We may require any person proposing to acquire our Shares to furnish such information as may be necessary to determine compliance with an exception under ERISA or the Plan Asset Regulations, including whether such person is a benefit plan investor. In addition, we have the power to (a) exclude any Shareholder or potential Shareholder from purchasing our Shares and (b) prohibit any redemption of our Shares if our Manager determines that there is a substantial likelihood that such holder s purchase, ownership or redemption of Shares would result in our assets to be characterized as plan assets, for purposes of the fiduciary responsibility or prohibited transaction provisions of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code or any applicable similar laws, and all Shares of the Company shall be subject to such terms and conditions. 
 Under ERISA, upon the termination of a tax-qualified single employer defined benefit pension plan, the sponsoring employer and all members of its controlled group will be jointly and severally liable for 100 of the plan s unfunded benefit liabilities whether or not the controlled group members have ever maintained or participated in the plan. In addition, the U.S. Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation (the PBGC may assert a lien with respect to such liability against any member of the controlled group on up to 30 of the collective net worth of all members of the controlled group. Similarly, in the event a participating employer partially or completely withdraws from a multiemployer (union) defined benefit pension plan, any withdrawal liability incurred under ERISA will represent a joint and several liability of the withdrawing employer and each member of its controlled group. 
 A controlled group includes all trades or businesses under 80 or greater common ownership. This common ownership test is broadly applied to include both parent-subsidiary groups and brother-sister groups applying complex exclusion and constructive ownership rules. However, regardless of the percentage ownership that the Company 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 holds in one or more of its Infrastructure Assets, the Company itself cannot be considered part of an ERISA controlled group unless the Company is considered to be a trade or business . 
 While there are a number of cases that have held that managing investments is not a trade or business for tax purposes, in 2007 the PBGC Appeals Board ruled that a private equity fund was a trade or business for ERISA controlled group liability purposes and at least one Federal Circuit Court has similarly concluded that a private equity fund could be a trade or business for these purposes based upon a number of factors including the fund s level of involvement in the management of its Infrastructure Assets and the nature of any management fee arrangements. 
 If the Company were determined to be a trade or business for purposes of ERISA, it is possible, depending upon the structure of the Infrastructure Assets by the Company and/or its affiliates and other co-investors in an Infrastructure Asset and their respective ownership interests in the Infrastructure Asset, that any tax-qualified single employer defined benefit pension plan liabilities and/or multiemployer plan withdrawal liabilities incurred by the portfolio entity could result in liability being incurred by the Company, with a resulting need for additional investments in the Company, the appropriation of Company assets to satisfy such pension liabilities and/or the imposition of a lien by the PBGC on certain Company assets. Moreover, regardless of whether or not the Company were determined to be a trade or business for purposes of ERISA, a court might hold that one of the Company s Infrastructure Assets could become jointly and severally liable for another Infrastructure Asset s unfunded pension liabilities pursuant to the ERISA controlled group rules, depending upon the relevant structures and ownership interests as noted above. 
 Failure to comply with Data Protection and Privacy Laws could lead to significant fines, sanctions and penalties. 
 The adoption, interpretation and application of consumer, data protection and/or privacy laws, regulations and standards Privacy Laws in the United States, Europe and elsewhere vary among jurisdictions, and are often uncertain and in flux. Compliance with Privacy Laws could significantly impact current and planned privacy and information security related practices, the collection, use, sharing, retention and safeguarding of personal data and current and planned business activities of the Manager and the Company, and as such could increase costs and require the dedication of additional time and resources to compliance for such entities. A failure to comply with such Privacy Laws by any such entity or their service providers could result in fines, sanctions or other penalties, which could materially and adversely affect the results of operations and overall business, as well as have a negative impact on reputation and Company performance. As Privacy Laws are implemented, interpreted and applied, compliance costs for the Company and/or its Infrastructure Assets are likely to increase, particularly in the context of ensuring that adequate data protection and data transfer mechanisms are in place. 
 Many U.S. states and foreign countries and governmental bodies, including the EU member states, have enacted and continued to enact Privacy Laws. For example, the EU s General Data Protection Regulation GDPR became effective on May 25, 2018, and has resulted and will continue to result in significantly greater compliance burdens and costs for companies with customers, users, or operations in the EU and European Economic Area EEA ). The GDPR has direct effect in the EEA and has extraterritorial effect where non-EEA persons such as the Manager, the Company or their respective service providers process personal data in relation to the offering of goods and services to individuals in the EEA or the monitoring of the behavior of individuals in the EEA. The GDPR and its implementing legislation imposes several stringent requirements for controllers and processors of personal data and could make it more difficult and/or more costly for us to use and share personal data. The GDPR also imposes potentially significant penalties for non-compliance, which may result in monetary penalties of up to 20.0 million or 4 of a company s worldwide annual revenue of the previous fiscal year, whichever is higher. Further, Brexit has created uncertainty with regard to the regulation of data protection in the U.K. As of the beginning of 2021 (when the transitional period following Brexit expired), data processors and controllers are required to comply with the GDPR as well as the U.K. equivalent, which exposes us to two parallel data protection regimes in Europe, each of which potentially authorizes similar fines and other potentially divergent enforcement actions for certain violations. Additionally, recent legal developments in Europe have created complexity and uncertainty regarding transfers of personal information from the EEA and the U.K. to the U.S. and other jurisdictions, which could lead to additional costs, complaints, and/or regulatory investigations or fines, and/or if we are otherwise unable to transfer personal data between and among countries and regions in which we operate, it could affect the manner in which we provide our services or the geographical location or segregation of our relevant systems and operations, and could adversely affect our financial results. 
 Furthermore, in the U.S. several state legislatures have passed comprehensive Privacy Laws, which have gone into effect or will soon go into effect, including the California Consumer Privacy Act, which was further expanded by the California Privacy Rights and Enforcement Act of 2020, or CPRA, which took effect in most material respects on January 1, 2023 (with application to data collected beginning on January 1, 2022), as well as forthcoming laws in Colorado, Connecticut, 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Utah and Virginia. In addition, the U.S. Federal Trade Commission and many state attorneys general are interpreting federal and state consumer protection laws to impose standards for the online collection, use, dissemination, and security of data. Such standards require us to publish statements that describe how we handle personal data and choices individuals may have about the way we handle their personal data. Further, laws in all 50 U.S. states, the District of Columbia, and several U.S. territories can require businesses to provide notice to consumers whose personal data has been disclosed as a result of a data breach. Each of these broadly impacts businesses that handle various types of personal data, potentially including the Manager and its affiliates. 
 Infrastructure Assets are subject to Privacy Laws in the jurisdictions in which they operate. Compliance with current and future Privacy Laws could significantly impact current and planned privacy and information security related practices, the collection, use, sharing, retention and safeguarding of personal data and some of our current and planned business activities and as such could increase costs for the Company and/or Infrastructure Assets. Although the Company, the Manager and KKR intend to make reasonable efforts to comply with all Privacy Laws, we may not be successful in complying with the rapidly evolving privacy, data protection, and security requirements discussed above. Further, there can be no assurance that we will not be subject to regulatory or individual legal action, including fines, in the event of a security incident or other claim that a consumer s privacy rights have been violated. Any actual or perceived failure to comply with our posted privacy policies, Privacy Laws, or any other legal obligations, such as contractual obligations, relating to privacy, data protection, security, breach notification or consumer protection, could result in regulatory scrutiny and increased exposure to the risk of litigation or the imposition of consent orders, resolution agreements, requirements to take particular actions with respect to training, policies or other activities, and civil and criminal penalties, including fines, which could have an adverse effect on our business, reputation, results of operations or financial condition. In addition, we could be required to fundamentally change our business activities and practices or modify our solutions and services, which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. Any of the foregoing could result in additional cost and liability to us, damage our reputation, inhibit sales, and adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. 
 Cybersecurity risks could result in the loss of data, interruptions in our business and damage to our reputation, and subject us to regulatory actions, increased costs and financial losses, each of which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 IT systems and related software applications, including those owned or controlled by third parties, are integral to our business. The Company, its Infrastructure Assets, the Manager, their affiliates and their service providers are subject to risks associated with a breach in cybersecurity, including business disruption and information security risks. A business disruption or outage could be caused by various events including pandemics, natural catastrophes, systems outages or a cybersecurity attack (see also Force majeure events may adversely affect our assets above). Cybersecurity is a generic term used to describe the technology, processes and practices designed to protect networks, systems, computers, programs and data from both intentional cyber-attacks and hacking by other computer users, as well as unintentional damage or interruption that, in either case, can result in damage and disruption to hardware and software systems, loss or corruption of data and/or misappropriation of confidential information. Cybersecurity attacks are increasing in frequency and severity and include, but are not limited to, malicious software, attempts to gain unauthorized access to data, disrupted denial of service attacks, ransomware attacks, and other electronic security breaches that could lead to disruptions in critical systems, unauthorized or unintended release of confidential or otherwise protected information, including, without limitation, personal information and information regarding the Shareholders and the Company s business activities, and corruption of data. In particular, ransomware attacks are evolving and typically carried out via a form of malicious software designed to encrypt the files on and/or block access to the information system until the demanded ransom is paid, resulting in significant business disruption, financial losses (including potentially ransom payments and/or costs and expenses associated with engaging decryption specialists), reputational costs, and loss of data. Infrastructure Assets of entities such as the Company, broker-dealers, investment advisers, investment companies and service providers to such entities are especially vulnerable to ransomware attacks because they are seen as attractive targets that are more willing to pay the demanded ransom. Private fund managers who disclose information about their senior management executives in routine public filings, which is the case with respect to KKR, could also be targeted. The damage or interruptions to information technology systems might cause losses to the Company or the Shareholders, including, without limitation, by interfering with the processing and completion of transactions, affecting the Company s ability to conduct valuations or impeding or sabotaging trading, or by damaging the Company s Infrastructure Assets through direct economic losses or indirect losses from reputational harm or related litigation or regulatory action. The costs to us to eliminate or alleviate security problems, bugs, viruses, worms, malicious software programs and security vulnerabilities could be significant, and the efforts to address these problems could result in interruptions, delays, cessation of service and loss of existing or potential customers. The Company could also incur substantial costs as the result of a cybersecurity breach, including those associated with forensic analysis of the origin and scope of the breach, increased and upgraded cybersecurity, identity theft, unauthorized 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 use of proprietary information, litigation, regulatory fines/penalties, adverse investor reaction, the dissemination of confidential and proprietary information and reputational damage. Any such breach could expose the Company and the Manager to civil liability as well as regulatory inquiry and/or action. The SEC s Office of Compliance Inspections and Examinations has issued risk alerts regarding cybersecurity and the prevention of ransomware attacks, which remain one of its key examination priorities. Shareholders could also be exposed to losses resulting from unauthorized use or dissemination of their personal information. If a security breach or other incident were to result in the unauthorized access to or unauthorized processing of personal, sensitive or other regulated information, it may be necessary to notify individuals, governmental authorities, supervisory bodies and other parties pursuant to Privacy Laws. Affected users (including customers or third parties) or government authorities could initiate legal or regulatory actions against us in connection with any security breaches or improper disclosures of data, which could cause us to incur significant expense and liability or result in orders or consent decrees forcing us to modify our business practices. KKR does not control the cybersecurity systems put in place by third-party service providers, which could have limited indemnification obligations to KKR, the Company or any Infrastructure Asset of the Company, each of whom could be negatively impacted as a result. 
 The Company, its Infrastructure Assets, the Manager and their affiliates rely extensively on computer programs and systems (and likely will rely on new systems and technology in the future) for various purposes, including trading, clearing and settling transactions, evaluating certain Infrastructure Assets, monitoring the Company s Infrastructure Assets and net capital and generating risk management and other reports that are critical to oversight of the Company s or its Infrastructure Assets activities. Certain of the Company s, its Infrastructure Assets , and the Manager s operations will be dependent upon systems operated by third parties, including prime-broker(s), administrators, market counterparties and their sub-custodians and other service providers. The Company s and its Infrastructure Assets service providers also depend on information technology systems and, notwithstanding the diligence that the Company or its Infrastructure Assets perform on their service providers, the Company or its Infrastructure Assets might not be in a position to verify the risks or reliability of such information technology systems. The failure, corruption, disruption or breach of one or more systems (including as a result of the occurrence of a disaster such as a cyber-attack, a natural catastrophe, an industrial accident, a terrorist attack or war, events unanticipated in the Manager s disaster recovery systems, or a support failure from external providers) or the inability of such systems to satisfy a shareholder s needs, including the execution of relevant transactions, could have a negative effect on the Manager s ability to conduct business and thus, the Company, particularly if those events affect the Manager s computer-based data processing, transmission, storage and retrieval systems or destroy the Manager s data, which may result in liability and reputational damage. If a significant number of the Manager s personnel were to be unavailable in the event of a disaster or other event, the Manager s ability to effectively conduct the Company s business could be severely compromised. The Company s controls and procedures, business continuity systems and data security systems could prove to be inadequate. These problems could arise in the Company s internally developed systems and the systems of third-party service providers. 
 Information and technology systems of the Manager, KKR and their affiliates (in addition to those of the Company s Infrastructure Assets) could be vulnerable to damage or interruption from computer viruses, network failures, computer and telecommunication failures, infiltration by unauthorized persons and security breaches, usage errors by their respective professionals, power outages and catastrophic events such as fires, tornadoes, floods, hurricanes and earthquakes. Although the Manager and its affiliates have implemented various measures to manage risks relating to these types of events, and Infrastructure Assets are also expected to implement similar measures, if these systems are compromised, become inoperable for extended periods of time or cease to function properly, the Manager, the Company s Infrastructure Assets and their affiliates might have to make a significant investment to fix or replace them. The failure of these systems and/or of disaster recovery plans for any reason could cause significant interruptions in the operations of the Manager, the Company s Infrastructure Assets and their affiliates and result in a failure to maintain the security, confidentiality or privacy of sensitive data, including personal information relating to the Shareholders (and the beneficial owners of the Shareholders). Such a failure could harm the reputation of the Manager, the Company s Infrastructure Assets and their affiliates and could subject the Manager, the Company s Infrastructure Assets and their affiliates to legal claims, and otherwise affect their business, financial performance and reputation. 
 Risks Related to an Investment in Our Shares 
 There is no market for the Shares and Shareholders will bear the risks of owning Shares for an extended period of time due to limited repurchases. 
 The Shares have not been registered under the Securities Act, the securities laws of any state or the securities laws of any other jurisdiction and cannot be resold unless they are subsequently registered under the Securities Act and other applicable securities laws or an exemption from registration is available. It is not contemplated that the Shares will ever be registered under the Securities Act or other securities laws. There is no public market for the Shares and none is expected to develop. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 Accordingly, there are no quoted prices for the Shares. In addition, there are substantial restrictions upon the repurchase of Shares under the LLC Agreement and applicable securities laws. Consequently, Shareholders must be prepared to bear the risks of owning Shares for an extended period of time (see Item 1. Business Share Repurchases Quarterly Tender Offers ). 
 We may amend the LLC Agreement without Shareholder approval and Shareholders will not be entitled to vote for the election of directors or have any right to influence or control the Company s operations. 
 The LLC Agreement can be amended from time to time generally by us in cooperation with KKR, without the consent of the Shareholders as set forth in the LLC Agreement, except that certain amendments require approval by the Board and/or Shareholders holding a majority of the outstanding Class G Shares. The LLC Agreement sets forth certain other procedures for its amendment, including provisions allowing us to amend the LLC Agreement without the consent of the Shareholders in certain circumstances. In addition, lenders to the Company will, under the terms of financing arrangements put in place with them, require us to seek lender approval of certain amendments to the LLC Agreement prior to the Board adopting any such amendment. The Company will file a Form 8-K with the SEC disclosing any amendments made to its LLC Agreement. 
 The voting power of the Company s Shares is vested exclusively in the holders of the Class G Shares. KKR owns and is expected to continue to own all of the Company s outstanding Class G Shares and will have the sole ability to elect directors of the Company. Shareholders will have no opportunity to control the day-to-day operations, including acquisition and disposition decisions, of the Company. Shareholders must rely entirely on the Board, the Manager, KKR and their affiliates to conduct and manage the affairs of the Company and its Infrastructure Assets. 
 The amount of any distributions we may pay is uncertain. We may not be able to sustain the payment of distributions. 
 Distributions to Shareholders will be made only if, as and when declared by the Manager. Shareholders may or may not receive distributions. In addition, some of our distributions may include a return of capital. The Company cannot make assurances as to when or whether cash distributions will be made to Shareholders, the amount of any such distribution, or the availability of cash for any such distribution, since the ability to make distributions will be dependent upon the cash flow, capital raising, financial condition and other factors relating to the Company s Infrastructure Assets. Such factors include the ability to generate sufficient cash from operations to pay expenses, service debt and to satisfy other liabilities as they come due. Furthermore, the Manager, in its sole discretion, may use or set aside cash for working capital purposes, or for the funding of present or future reserves or contingent liabilities, taxes, the Company s operating activities, actual or anticipated Management Fees. If the Manager determines that all or any portion of net capital event proceeds are not necessary for ongoing expenses (including debt payments and fees), anticipated acquisitions, capital expenditures and reserves, such amounts may be used to satisfy repurchase requests at the Manager s discretion. Accordingly, the payment of cash distributions is subject to the discretion of the Manager. Neither the Manager nor any of its respective affiliates is obligated to support or guarantee any level of distributions. In addition, because the Manager does not charge a Management Fee on and KKR does not receive a Performance Participation Allocation for KKR Shares, the per Share amount of distributions on the KKR Shares could be higher compared to the Investor Shares. 
 Valuations of our assets are estimates of fair value and may not necessarily correspond to realizable value. 
 Within the parameters of the Company s valuation policies and procedures, the valuation methodologies used to value the Company s assets will involve subjective judgments and projections and that ultimately may not materialize. Ultimate realization of the value of an asset depends to a great extent on economic, market and other conditions beyond the Company s control and the control of the Manager. Rapidly changing market conditions or material events may not be immediately reflected in the Company s NAV. 
 Among the Company s important features are the provisions relating to the purchase and repurchase of Shares. The valuation of Shares upon purchase (including any reinvestment of cash distributions in additional Shares), the amount payable upon repurchase to tendering investors and certain other valuations are generally based upon the Company s NAV per Share as of the end of the immediately preceding month. The Company will rely on the Manager and its affiliates for valuation of the Company s assets and liabilities. 
 The values of the Company s assets are established in accordance with the Company s valuation policies and procedures approved by the Board. The valuation policies and procedures can be modified by the Board. The Company will primarily hold Infrastructure Assets and other assets that will not have readily assessable market values. The Manager will determine the estimated values of the Company s Infrastructure Assets and the Company will use the estimated values provided as well as inputs from other sources in computing the Company s monthly NAV per Share. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 The monthly valuations performed by the Manager may vary from similar valuations performed by any independent third parties for similar types of assets. The valuation of illiquid assets is inherently subjective and subject to increased risk that the information utilized to value such assets or to create the pricing models may be inaccurate or subject to other error. In addition, valuations rely on a variety of assumptions, including assumptions about projected cash flows for the remaining holding periods for the assets, market conditions at the time of such valuations and/or any anticipated disposition of the assets, legal and contractual restrictions on transfers that may limit liquidity, and any transaction costs related to, and the timing and manner of, any anticipated disposition of the assets, all of which may materially differ from the assumptions and circumstances on which the valuations are based. The value of the Company s assets may also be affected by any changes in accounting standards, policies or practices as well as general economic, political, regulatory and market conditions, global equity market conditions, changes in credit markets and interest rates, foreign exchange rates, commodity prices, natural or man-made disasters or catastrophes and the actual operations of Infrastructure Assets, which are not predictable and can have a material impact on the reliability and accuracy of such valuations. As such, the carrying value of an asset may not reflect the price at which the asset could be sold in the market, and the difference between carrying value and the ultimate sales price could be material. Accordingly, such values may not accurately reflect the actual market values of the assets, and, thus, shareholders will likely make decisions as to whether to purchase or tender Shares without complete and accurate valuation information. 
 Determining the impact of these factors on the valuation of Infrastructure Assets involves a significant degree of judgment. Because valuations, and in particular valuations of assets for which market quotations are not readily available, are inherently uncertain, may fluctuate over short periods of time and may be based on estimates, the Manager s fair value determinations may differ materially from the values that would have resulted if a ready market had existed. 
 During periods of market uncertainty and volatility, accurate valuations may be even more difficult to obtain. This is particularly true during periods of low transaction volume because there are fewer market transactions that can be considered in the context of a valuation. Changes in credit markets can also impact valuations and may have offsetting results when using discounted cash flow analysis for Infrastructure Assets that do not have readily observable market prices. For example, if applicable interest rates rise, then the assumed cost of capital for Infrastructure Assets would be expected to increase under the discounted cash flow analysis, and this effect would negatively impact their valuations if not offset by other factors. Rising U.S. interest rates may also negatively impact certain foreign currencies that depend on foreign capital flows. 
 In addition, Shareholders would be adversely affected by higher Management Fees and by higher Performance Participation Allocations if the Company s NAV is overstated. Due to a wide variety of market factors and the nature of certain assets to be held by the Company, there is no guarantee that the value determined by the Company will represent the value that will be realized by the Company on a realization of the asset or that would, in fact, be realized upon an immediate disposition of the assets. See Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence Potential Conflicts of Interest Fees . 
 Further, in connection with each subscription or repurchase of Shares, a Shareholder will receive an amount of Shares or cash, respectively, at a price that reflects the Company s most recent calculated NAV (which generally will be the Company s NAV as determined as of the last day of the immediately preceding calendar month). There is no requirement, and it is not anticipated, that a new valuation will be made in connection with any such purchase and related issuance of Shares and, as a result, the price paid for Shares may not accurately reflect the current NAV at the time of issuance. 
 Any discrepancy between the NAV of the Company used in connection with the repurchase or issuance and the actual NAV of the Company as of the date of such repurchase or issuance may have an adverse effect on the shareholder from whom shares are repurchased, the shareholder to whom Shares are issued or the Company as a whole, as applicable. Any such discrepancy may also lead the Company to dispose of more assets than necessary, and potentially at less advantageous prices. By way of example, in the event the Company were to liquidate assets in order to satisfy repurchase requests based on a determination of NAV of the Company used in connection with the repurchase that in retrospect turns out to be higher than the actual NAV of the Company as of the repurchase date, a repurchasing shareholder requesting to repurchase a certain percentage of its Shares may receive a greater amount of repurchase proceeds than the repurchase proceeds it should have received in respect of such repurchase, thereby adversely affecting remaining shareholders and the ability of the Company to employ the excess amounts paid out for the assets of the Company or other cash needs. If the Company were to borrow amounts to satisfy such repurchase request, the amounts borrowed might be higher than the amounts the Company would have borrowed had the correct NAV been used to calculate repurchase proceeds, and such higher borrowing may have an adverse effect on the remaining Shareholders. In addition, if a new purchase of Shares by a new shareholder is made based on such erroneously high NAV, the number of Shares issued to such new shareholder will be lower than the number of Shares it should have received. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

See Item 1. Business Net Asset Value Valuation Policies and Procedures and Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence Valuation Matters . 
 Monthly NAV calculations are not governed by governmental or independent securities, financial or accounting rules or standards. 
 The methods we use to calculate our monthly NAV, which is the basis for the offering price for our shares offered and the investment value published in customer account statements for our shareholders, is not prescribed by the rules of the SEC or any other regulatory agency. Further, there are no accounting rules or standards that prescribe which components should be used in calculating monthly NAV, and our monthly NAV is not audited by our independent registered public accounting firm. We calculate and publish the NAV of our shares monthly solely for purposes of establishing the price at which we sell and repurchase our shares, and for publishing the value of each shareholder s investment in us on such shareholder s customer account statement, and our monthly NAV should not be viewed as a measure of our historical or future financial condition or performance. The components and methodology used in calculating our monthly NAV may differ from those used by other companies now or in the future. Errors may occur in calculating our monthly NAV, which could impact the price at which we sell and repurchase our shares. 
 We are a new company and have a limited operating history. 
 The Company and the Manager have limited operating history upon which prospective shareholders can evaluate their performance. Further, shareholder should draw no conclusions from the prior experience of the members of the KKR Infrastructure Team, whether or not they have been with KKR and involved in the Company or KKR funds, or the performance of any investments of KKR or its affiliates or of funds, vehicles or accounts sponsored or managed by any of them, and should not expect to achieve similar returns. The past performance of KKR s investment funds, vehicles and accounts is not predictive of the Company s performance, in particular because the structure, terms and objectives of certain of such funds, vehicles and accounts differ from the business objectives of the Company. The Company s Infrastructure Assets are expected to differ from previous investments (including previous infrastructure investments) made by KKR in a number of respects. Also, some of the KKR investment personnel involved in the investments of KKR s investment funds, vehicles and accounts may not be involved in the business activities of the Company. KKR has not previously sponsored or managed an operating company that owns and operates Infrastructure Assets for the long term pursuing the same primary business objective and strategy as the Company. Moreover, the Company is subject to all of the business risks and uncertainties associated with any new company, including the risk that it will not achieve its business objectives and that the value of Shares could decline substantially. 
 The Manager cannot provide assurance that it will be able to choose, make, and realize returns in any particular Infrastructure Asset. There can be no assurance that the Company will be able to generate returns for the Shareholders or that the returns will be commensurate with the risks of owning and controlling the type of Infrastructure Assets described herein. There can be no assurance that any Shareholder will receive any distribution from the Company or liquid assets with respect to the repurchase of its Shares. Accordingly, a purchase of the Company s Shares should only be considered by persons who can afford a loss of their entire investment. 
 Due to the nature of Infrastructure Assets, shareholders will have limited liquidity and may not receive a full return of their invested capital if they elect to have their shares repurchased by the Company. 
 A purchase of the Company s shares requires a long-term commitment, with no certainty of return and should be viewed as an illiquid investment. Infrastructure Assets are generally less liquid and involve longer hold periods than traditional monthly NAV equity investments, and, in the case of the Company, certain Infrastructure Assets may be held for the long-term. Investments in infrastructure projects can be difficult or impossible to realize. Since there is no established market for the Shares, and none is expected to develop, a shareholder of the Company will be unable to realize its investment readily and may encounter difficulty ascertaining the market value of its Shares. Shares in the Company will be subject to restrictions on resales under applicable securities laws. It is uncertain as to when profits, if any, will be realized by a shareholder and if such shareholder will realize profits from the Company prior to the Company repurchasing its Shares. Losses on unsuccessful Infrastructure Assets may be realized before gains on successful Infrastructure Assets are realized. Furthermore, the expenses of operating the Company (including any fees payable to the Manager (or an affiliate thereof)) may exceed its income, thereby requiring that the difference be paid from the Company s assets. As noted above, it is also uncertain when liquid assets will be available to meet a shareholder s repurchase request. Whether the Company has sufficient liquidity to meet a shareholder s request for repurchase will be determined by the Manager. The Company will not be obligated to liquidate any asset in order to meet repurchase requests and because of the illiquid nature of 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 Infrastructure Assets, the Company may not have sufficient cash flow to meet repurchase requests at any given time. If the Manager determines there is insufficient liquidity to meet repurchase requests, such requests will be delayed until the Manager determines there is sufficient liquidity; such delay may be significant. The Company intends to primarily own Infrastructure Assets for the long term, which will be structured through Joint Ventures. The number of potential purchasers and sellers is expected to be limited. This factor could have the effect of limiting the availability of Infrastructure Assets for purchase by the Company and will also limit the ability of the Company to sell Infrastructure Assets at their fair market value in response to changes in the economy or financial markets. Illiquidity could also result from legal or contractual restrictions on their resale. 
 The realizable value of a highly illiquid Infrastructure Asset at any given time could be less than its intrinsic value. In addition, certain types of Infrastructure Assets owned by the Company are likely to require a substantial length of time to liquidate. As a result, the Company could be unable to realize its business objectives by sale or other disposition at attractive prices or could otherwise be unable to complete any exit strategy. 
 A purchase of the Company s shares is suitable only for sophisticated investors and an investor must have the financial ability to understand and the willingness to accept the extent of its exposure to the risks and lack of liquidity inherent in a purchase of the Company s shares. Shareholders should consult their professional advisors to assist them in making their own legal, tax, regulatory, accounting and financial evaluation of the merits and risks of a purchase of the Company s shares in light of their own circumstances and financial condition. 
 Certain acquisitions by the Company may be securities that are or become publicly traded and are therefore subject to the risks inherent in investing in public securities. Such securities will involve economic, political, interest rate, and other risks, any of which could result in an adverse change in the market price. In addition, in some cases the Company will be prohibited by contract or other limitations from selling such securities for a period of time so that the Company is unable to take advantage of favorable market prices. 
 There is no public trading market for Shares of the Company; therefore, a Shareholder s ability to dispose of its Shares will likely be limited to repurchase by us. If a Shareholder sells its Shares to us, the Shareholder may receive less than the price it paid. 
 There is no current public trading market for shares of the Company, and we do not expect that such a market will ever develop. Therefore, repurchase of shares by us will likely be the only way for a Shareholder to dispose of its Shares. While the Company currently intends to conduct quarterly tender offers to repurchase Shares, it does not expect to do so until after December 31, 2023 and even after such date there is no guarantee that the Company will elect to conduct a tender offer. Moreover, even if the Company conducts a tender offer, there is no guarantee that shareholders will be able to sell all of the Shares that they desire to sell in any particular tender offer. In the event that we repurchase shares in any tender offer, we expect to repurchase shares at a price equal to either the NAV per share, or a discount to the NAV per Share, of the class of Shares being repurchased as of the last day of the quarter prior to the commencement of the tender offer and not based on the price at which a shareholder initially purchased its shares. As a result, a shareholder may receive less than the price it paid for its shares when the shareholder sells them to us pursuant to any tender offer. See Item 1. Business Share Repurchases Quarterly Tender Offers . Repurchase requests in a tender offer will be subject to the Early Repurchase Fee if the Shares are tendered within 24 months of the original issue date of such Shares. 
 
 The Company may conduct quarterly tender offers for any Excess Shares at a price based on 90 NAV per Share for each applicable class as of the last business day of the quarter prior to the commencement of any tender offer. There is no guarantee that such Excess Shares will be repurchased and create actual additional liquidity to such Shareholder. 
 A shareholder s ability to have its shares repurchased by us is limited. 
 The Company is designed primarily for long-term investors and an investment in the Shares should be considered illiquid. The Shares are not currently listed for trading on any securities exchange. There is no public market for the Shares and none is expected to develop. The Shares therefore are not readily marketable and shareholders must be prepared to hold Shares for an indefinite period of time. Shareholders may not be able to sell their Shares at all or at a favorable price. 
 
 In recognition that a secondary market for the Shares likely will not develop, the Manager expects that it will generally recommend to the Repurchase Committee that the Company conduct quarterly tender offers. However, the Company does not expect to conduct any tender offers until after December 31, 2023. Although the Company may offer to conduct a legal tender offer, no assurance can be given that these repurchases will occur as contemplated or at all. If the Company conducts tender offers, it will do so at times and in amounts that will depend on the Repurchase Committee. The vast majority of our 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 assets consist of Infrastructure Assets that cannot generally be readily liquidated without impacting our ability to realize full value upon their disposition. Therefore, we may not always have a sufficient amount of liquid assets to immediately satisfy repurchase requests. In addition, in extreme cases, the Company may not be able to complete repurchases due to its inability to liquidate a portion of its portfolio. The Company may need to suspend or postpone tender offers if it is not able to dispose of Infrastructure Assets in a timely manner. 
 
 Even if the Company makes a tender offer, there is no guarantee that shareholders will be able to sell all of the Shares that they desire to sell in any particular tender offer. If a tender offer is oversubscribed by shareholders, the Company will generally repurchase only a pro rata portion of the Shares tendered by each shareholder. A large shareholder in the Company seeking repurchase may increase the likelihood of all shareholders seeking repurchase will have their requests reduced pro rata. The potential for pro ration may cause some shareholders to tender more Shares for repurchase than they otherwise would wish to have repurchased, which may adversely affect others wishing to participate in the tender offer. If the Company offers to repurchase Excess Shares at a discount to NAV, shareholders who elect to tender their Shares for repurchase at a discount may receive less than the full value of their Shares. 
 
 The Manager expects that each quarter it will generally recommend to the Repurchase Committee that the Company conduct a tender offer. However, there may be quarters in which the Manager recommends to the Repurchase Committee that we do not conduct a tender offer, or that we conduct a tender offer for less than 5 of the aggregate NAV of our outstanding Class S, Class D, Class U, Class I, Class R and Class F Shares. Nonetheless, if adverse market conditions that are beyond our control would require the Company to dispose of Infrastructure Assets at unfavorable prices or if the Manager believes that conducting a tender offer for 5 of the aggregate NAV of the Company s outstanding Class S, Class D, Class U, Class I, Class R and Class F Shares would impose an undue burden on shareholders who do not tender compared to the benefits of giving shareholders the opportunity to sell all or a portion of their Shares at NAV, the Manager may recommend to the Repurchase Committee that the Company: (i) not conduct a tender offer, (ii) conduct a tender offer for less than 5 of the aggregate NAV of our outstanding Class S, Class D, Class U, Class I, Class R and Class F Shares, (iii) conduct a tender offer for up to 5.0 of the aggregate NAV of our outstanding Class S, Class D, Class U, Class I, Class R and Class F Shares and elect to purchase up to 0.5 of additional aggregate NAV of such shares in accordance with Rule 13e-4(f)(1) under the Exchange Act, or (iv) not offer to repurchase Excess Shares in connection with a tender offer. Regardless of the recommendation of the Manager, the Repurchase Committee may, or may determine not to, cause the Company to conduct a tender offer for any given quarter. 
 
 There may be quarters in which no tender offer is made, and it is possible that no tender offers will be conducted by the Company at all. If our Repurchase Committee determines that we should not make a tender offer, shareholders may not be able to sell their Shares as it is unlikely that a secondary market for the Shares will develop or, if a secondary market does develop, shareholders may be able to sell their Shares only at substantial discounts to the applicable NAV per Share. If the Company does conduct tender offers, it may be required to sell assets to purchase Shares that are tendered, which may increase risks for remaining shareholders and increase Company expenses as a percent of assets. In addition, while the Company is permitted to borrow money to finance the repurchase of Shares pursuant to tender offers, there can be no assurance that the Company will be able to obtain such financing if it attempts to do so. Moreover, if the Company s assets do not provide adequate liquidity to fund tender offers, the Company may extend the last day of any tender offer, which will cause the shareholder to be paid at a later date than if the tender offer were not extended. 
 
 As a result, a shareholder s ability to have its shares repurchased by us may be limited and at times the shareholder may not be able to liquidate its investment. See Item 1. Business Share Repurchases Quarterly Tender Offers. 
 Economic events that may cause our shareholders to request that we repurchase their shares in connection with a tender offer by us may materially and adversely affect our cash flows, our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Economic events could cause our Shareholders to seek to sell their shares to us pursuant to any tender offer for (i) up to 5 of the aggregate NAV of our outstanding Class S Shares, Class D Shares, Class U Shares, Class I Shares, Class R Shares and Class F Shares at a price based on the NAV per Share for each applicable class or (ii) Excess Shares at a price based on 90 of the NAV per Share for each applicable class, at a time when such events are adversely affecting the performance of our assets. Even if we decide to satisfy all resulting tender requests, our cash flow could be materially adversely affected. In addition, if we determine to sell assets to fund a tender offer, we may not be able to meet future redemption requests, take advantage of new acquisition opportunities or realize the return on such assets that we may have been able to achieve had we sold at a more favorable time, and our results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 The Company may require a Shareholder to have its shares repurchased at any time in its sole discretion. 
 The Company may require a Shareholder to surrender and have all or any portion of its Shares repurchased at any time if the Company determines that it would be in the interest of the Company, as determined by the Repurchase Committee, for the Company to repurchase the Shares. To the extent the Company requires the mandatory repurchase of any Shares of any Shareholder, such repurchase will not be subject to the repurchase limits on quarterly tender offers or the Early Repurchase Fee, unless otherwise determined by the Company in its sole discretion. See Item 1. Business Share Repurchases Mandatory Repurchases . 
 Holders of Class R Shares and Class U Shares may have their shares automatically converted to Class I Shares and Class S Shares, respectively. 
 The Company expects that holders of Class R Shares and Class U Shares will generally purchase Class R Shares or Class U Shares in connection with select intermediaries that have negotiated selling agreements with the Dealer Manager. Under the terms of the LLC Agreement, if an intermediary fails to arrange for purchases and subscriptions by clients of such intermediary amounting to at least 100 million during the 12-month period following the Initial Offering, holders of Class R Shares or Class U Shares that were purchased through that intermediary will automatically be converted into Class I Shares and Class S Shares, respectively. Accordingly, after such a conversion, holders of such converted Shares will bear the Management Fee charged on Class I Shares or Class S Shares, which is higher than the Management Fee charged on Class R Shares and Class U Shares. 
 Payment of the Management Fee or Performance Participation Allocation in Shares will dilute a shareholder s interest in the Company. 
 At the Manager s election, the Company will pay the Manager all or a portion of its Management Fees in Class F Shares in lieu of paying the Manager an equivalent amount of such Management Fee in cash, which will dilute the interests of Investor Shares issued by the Company. In addition, the Company may pay the Manager all or a portion of its Performance Participation Allocation in Class F Shares in lieu of paying the Manager an equivalent amount of such Performance Participation Allocation in cash, which will similarly dilute the interests of Investor Shares issued by the Company. 
 Shareholders holding Shares through accounts regulated by ERISA, such as individual retirement accounts (IRAs) and 401(k) plans, may be subject to additional regulatory and tax risks. 
 If the assets of the Company were deemed to be plan assets within the meaning of the Plan Asset Regulations, this would result, among other things, in (i) the application of the prudence and other fiduciary responsibility standards of ERISA to acquisitions made by the Company, and (ii) the possibility that certain transactions in which the Company might seek to engage could constitute prohibited transactions under ERISA and the Code. Fiduciaries of benefit plan investors who decide to invest in the Company could, under certain circumstances, be liable for prohibited transactions or other violations as a result of their investment in the Company or as co-fiduciaries for actions taken by or on behalf of the Company or the Manager and would not be protected from liability resulting from our decisions. With respect to an IRA that invests in the Company, the occurrence of a prohibited transaction involving the individual who established the IRA, or his or her beneficiaries, would cause the IRA to lose its tax-exempt status. 
 Risks Related to Our Liquidity Portfolio 
 We may hold corporate bonds. 
 Corporate bonds include a wide variety of debt obligations of varying maturities issued by U.S. and foreign corporations (including banks) and other business entities. Bonds are fixed or variable rate debt obligations, including bills, notes, debentures and similar instruments and securities. We may hold U.S. dollar-denominated corporate bonds and may also hold bonds denominated in foreign currencies. 
 We may hold corporate bonds that are below investment grade quality. Corporate bonds rated below investment grade quality (that is, rated below BBB- by Standard Poor s Corporation S P or Fitch Ratings, Inc. Fitch ), below Baa3 by Moody s Investors Service, Inc. Moody s or comparably rated by another nationally recognized statistical rating organization NRSRO are commonly referred to as high yield securities or junk bonds. Issuers of securities rated BB+/Ba1 are regarded as having current capacity to make principal and interest payments but are subject to business, financial or economic conditions which could adversely affect such payment capacity. Corporate bonds rated BBB- or Baa3 or above are considered investment grade securities. Corporate bonds rated Baa are considered medium grade obligations that lack outstanding investment characteristics and have speculative characteristics, while corporate bonds 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 rated BBB are regarded as having adequate capacity to pay principal and interest. Corporate bonds rated below investment grade quality are obligations of issuers that are considered predominately speculative with respect to the issuer s capacity to pay interest and repay principal according to the terms of the obligation and, therefore, carry greater investment risk, including the possibility of issuer default and bankruptcy and increased market price volatility. Corporate bonds rated below investment grade tend to be less marketable than higher-quality securities because the market for them is less broad. The market for corporate bonds unrated by any NRSRO is even narrower. During periods of thin trading in these markets, the spread between bid and asked prices is likely to increase significantly and we may have greater difficulty selling these securities. We will be more dependent on the Manager s research and analysis when investing in these securities. 
 The ratings of Moody s, S P and Fitch generally represent their opinions as to the quality of the bonds they rate. These ratings are relative and subjective, are not absolute standards of quality, are subject to change and do not evaluate the market risk and liquidity of the securities. Consequently, bonds with the same maturity, coupon and rating may have different yields while obligations of the same maturity and coupon with different ratings may have the same yield. 
 We may hold bonds across broad segments of the bond market. If we hold a significant portion of our assets in one segment, we will be more susceptible to economic, business, political, regulatory and other developments generally affecting issuers in such segment of the corporate bond market. 
 The debt of infrastructure companies is subject to the risks associated with companies operating in the infrastructure space. Infrastructure companies may be subject to a variety of factors that may adversely affect their business or operations, including high interest costs in connection with capital construction programs, high leverage, costs associated with environmental and other regulations, the effects of economic slowdown, surplus capacity, increased competition from other providers of services, uncertainties concerning the availability of fuel at reasonable prices, the effects of energy conservation policies and other factors. Other factors that may affect the operations of infrastructure companies include difficulty in raising capital in adequate amounts on reasonable terms in periods of high inflation and unsettled capital markets, inexperience with and potential losses resulting from a developing deregulatory environment, increased susceptibility to terrorist acts or political actions, and general changes in market sentiment towards infrastructure assets. 
 We may be subject to the risk of commercial mortgage backed securities CMBS ). 
 CMBS are, generally, securities backed by obligations (including certificates of participation in obligations) that are principally secured by mortgages on real property or interests therein having a multifamily or commercial use, such as regional malls, other retail space, office buildings, industrial or warehouse properties, hotels, nursing homes and senior living centers. CMBS are subject to particular risks, including lack of standardized terms, shorter maturities than residential mortgage loans and payment of all or substantially all of the principal only at maturity rather than regular amortization of principal. Additional risks may be presented by the type and use of a particular commercial property. Special risks are presented by certain property types. Commercial property values and net operating income are subject to volatility, which may result in net operating income becoming insufficient to cover debt service on the related mortgage loan. The repayment of loans secured by income-producing properties is typically dependent upon the successful operation of the related real estate asset rather than upon the liquidation value of the underlying real estate. Furthermore, the net operating income from and value of any commercial property is subject to various risks, including changes in general or local economic conditions and/or specific industry segments; the solvency of the related tenants; declines in real estate values; declines in rental or occupancy rates; increases in interest rates, real estate tax rates and other operating expenses; changes in governmental rules, regulations and fiscal policies; acts of God; terrorist threats and attacks; and social unrest, civil disturbances, epidemics and other public crises. Consequently, adverse changes in economic conditions and circumstances are more likely to have an adverse impact on mortgage-related securities secured by loans on commercial properties than on those secured by loans on residential properties. In addition, commercial lending generally is viewed as exposing the lender to a greater risk of loss than one- to four- family residential lending. Commercial lending, for example, typically involves larger loans to single borrowers or groups of related borrowers than residential one- to four- family mortgage loans. 
 The exercise of remedies and successful realization of liquidation proceeds relating to CMBS is also highly dependent on the performance of the servicer or special servicer. In many cases, overall control over the special servicing of related underlying mortgage loans will be held by a directing certificate holder or a controlling class representative, which is appointed by the holders of the most subordinate class of CMBS in such series. We may not have the right to appoint the directing certificate holder. In connection with the servicing of the specially serviced mortgage loans, the related special servicer may, at the direction of the directing certificate holder, take actions with respect to the specially serviced mortgage loans that could adversely affect our interests. There may be a limited number of special servicers available, particularly those that do not have conflicts of interest. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

The Manager will value our potential CMBS based on loss-adjusted yields, taking into account estimated future losses on the mortgage loans included in the securitization s pool of loans, and the estimated impact of these losses on expected future cash flows. The Manager s loss estimates may not prove accurate, as actual results may vary from estimates. In the event that the Manager overestimates the pool level losses relative to the price the fund pays for a particular CMBS, we may experience losses with respect to such CMBS. Credit markets, including the CMBS market, have periodically experienced decreased liquidity on the primary and secondary markets during periods of market volatility. Such market conditions could re-occur and would impact the valuations of our assets and impair our ability to sell such CMBS if we were required to liquidate all or a portion of our CMBS quickly. Additionally, certain securities, such as horizontal or other risk retention investments in CMBS, may have certain holding period and other restrictions that would limit our ability to sell such CMBS. 
 We may be subject to residential mortgage-backed securities RMBS risk. 
 RMBS are, generally, securities that represent interest in a pools of residential mortgage loans secured by one to four family residential mortgage loans. Our holdings of RMBS are subject to the risks of defaults, foreclosure timeline extension, fraud, home price depreciation and unfavorable modification of loan principal amount, interest rate and amortization of principal accompanying the underlying residential mortgage loans. To the extent that assets underlying our holdings of RMBS are concentrated geographically, by property type or in certain other respects, we may be subject to certain of the foregoing risks to a greater extent. In the event of defaults on the residential mortgage loans that underlie our RMBS assets and the exhaustion of any underlying or any additional credit support, we may not realize our anticipated return on our holdings and we may incur a loss on these holdings. 
 We may also acquire non-agency RMBS, which are backed by residential property but, in contrast to agency RMBS, their principal and interest are not guaranteed by federally chartered entities such as the Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac and, in the case of Ginnie Mae, the U.S. government. In addition, we may hold government mortgage pass-through securities, which represent participation interests in pools of residential mortgage loans purchased from individual lenders by a federal agency or originated by private lenders and guaranteed by a federal agency, including those issued or guaranteed by Ginnie Mae, Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. Ginnie Mae certificates are direct obligations of the U.S. Government and, as such, are backed by the full faith and credit of the United States. Fannie Mae is a federally chartered, privately owned corporation and Freddie Mac is a corporate instrumentality of the United States. Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac certificates are not backed by the full faith and credit of the United States but the issuing agency or instrumentality has the right to borrow, to meet its obligations, from an existing line of credit with the Treasury. The Treasury has no legal obligation to provide such line of credit and may choose not to do so. 
 Our holdings of pass-through certificates, securitization vehicles or other special purpose entities (collectively, asset-backed securities may involve risks that differ from or are greater than risks associated with other types of instruments. 
 Asset-backed securities may be more sensitive to changes in prevailing interest rates than other securities. In addition, prepayment on the underlying assets may have the effect of shortening the weighted average maturity of the portfolio assets of such entities and may lower their return. The asset-backed securities we may hold are also subject to risks associated with their structure and the nature of the underlying assets and the servicing of those assets; for this reason, many of the other risks described herein are relevant to the asset-backed securities to which we may have exposure. There is risk that the underlying debt securities will default and that recovery on repossessed collateral might be unavailable or inadequate to support payments on the underlying investments. Payment of interest and repayment of principal on asset-backed securities, as well as the return associated with an equity investment in an asset-backed security, is largely dependent upon the cash flows generated by the underlying loans or other assets backing the securities. The risks and returns for holders like us in asset-backed securities depend on the tranche in which the holder has an interest. The debt tranche(s) are entitled to receive payment before the equity if the cash flow generated by the underlying assets is insufficient to allow the vehicle to make payments on all of the tranches. The debt tranche(s), therefore, may receive higher credit ratings (if rated) and the equity tranche may be considered more speculative. Many asset-backed securities we may hold may be difficult to value and may be deemed illiquid. Asset-backed securities may have the effect of magnifying our exposure to changes in the value of the underlying assets and may also result in increased volatility in our NAV. This means we may have the potential for greater gains, as well as the potential for greater losses, than if we owned the underlying asset directly. The value of an investment in our Shares may be more volatile and other risks tend to be compounded if and to the extent that we are exposed to asset-backed securities. In the event that the market for asset-backed securities experiences high volatility and a lack of liquidity, the value of many asset-backed securities may decline. Any mishandling of related documentation by a servicer may also affect the rights of the security holders in and to the underlying collateral. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 Collateralized bond obligations, collateralized loan obligations and other collateralized debt obligations are subject to additional risk. 
 We may hold collateralized bond obligations CBOs ), collateralized loan obligations CLOs and other collateralized debt obligations CDOs and other similarly structured securities. CBOs, CLOs and CDOs are types of asset-backed securities. A CBO is a trust which is often backed by a diversified pool of high risk, below investment grade fixed income securities. A CLO is a trust typically collateralized by a pool of loans, which may include, among others, domestic and foreign senior secured loans, senior unsecured loans and subordinate commercial real estate loans, including loans that may be rated below investment grade or equivalent unrated loans. Other CDOs are trusts backed by other types of assets representing obligations of various parties. CBOs, CLOs and other CDOs may charge management fees and administrative expenses. The risks of an investment in a CBO, CLO or other CDO depend largely on the type of the collateral securities and the class of the instrument we hold. CBOs, CLOs and other CDOs may carry additional risks including, but are not limited to: (i) the possibility that distributions from collateral securities will not be adequate to make interest or other payments; (ii) the possibility that the quality of the collateral may decline in value or default; (iii) the possibility that holdings of CBOs, CLOs and other CDOs are subordinate to other classes or tranches thereof; and (iv) the complex structure of the security may not be fully understood at the time of acquisition and may produce disputes with the issuer or unexpected investment results. 
 Risks Related to Taxation 
 The Company s ability to make distributions depends on it receiving sufficient cash distributions from its underlying operating subsidiaries, and we cannot assure our Shareholders that our Company will be able to make cash distributions to them in amounts that are sufficient to fund their tax liabilities. 
 In general, a Shareholder must include in income its allocable share of our Company s items of income (including any deemed distributions from any subsidiary which may be treated as a personal holding company ), gain, loss and deduction for each of our Company s fiscal years ending with or within such Shareholder s tax year. However, the cash distributed to a Shareholder may not be sufficient to pay the full amount of such Shareholder s tax liability in respect of its investment in our Company, because each Shareholder s tax liability depends on such Shareholder s particular tax situation and the tax treatment of the underlying activities or assets of the Company, including any taxes payable by subsidiary entities. If the Company is unable to or decides not to distribute cash in amounts that are sufficient to fund a Shareholder s tax liabilities, each Shareholder will still be required to pay income taxes on its share of the Company s taxable income and will need to fund such liability from other sources. 
 If the Company or the Operating Subsidiaries were to be treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the value of our Shares might be adversely affected. 
 The value of our Shares to Shareholders will depend in part on the treatment of the Company and the Operating Subsidiaries as flow-through entities for U.S. federal income tax purposes. However, in order for the Company to be treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes, under present law, 90 or more of the Company s gross income for every taxable year must consist of qualifying income, as defined in Section 7704 of the Code, and the Company must not be required to register, if it were a U.S. corporation, as an investment company under the Investment Company Act and related rules. Although the Company operates in a manner such that it will not need to be registered as an investment company if it were a corporation and so that it will meet the 90 test described above in each taxable year, the Company may not meet these requirements, or current law may change so as to cause, in either event, the Company to be treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes. If the Company (or the Operating Subsidiaries) were treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes, adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences could result for the Shareholders and the Company. 
 Changes in tax laws related to partnerships and the qualifying income exception under the publicly traded partnership provisions may have a material adverse effect on the Company s qualification as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
 The Company operates in a manner to enable it to be taxable as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and intends to rely on the qualifying income exception to treatment as a publicly traded partnership taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes. The tax rules governing partnerships, publicly traded partnerships, and the qualifying income exception are complex and subject to change. Given the highly complex nature of the rules governing partnerships, the ongoing importance of factual determinations, the lack of direct guidance with respect to the application of tax laws to the activities we are undertaking and the possibility of future changes in its circumstances, it is possible that we will not so qualify for any particular year. If the Company (or the Operating Subsidiaries) were treated as a corporation 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 for U.S. federal income tax purposes, adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences could result for the Shareholders and the Company. 
 The Company structure involves complex provisions of U.S. federal income tax law for which no clear precedent or authority may be available. The tax characterization of the Company structure is also subject to potential legislative, judicial, or administrative change and differing interpretations, possibly on a retroactive basis. 
 The U.S. federal income tax treatment of Shareholders depends in some instances on determinations of fact and interpretations of complex provisions of U.S. federal income tax law for which no clear precedent or authority may be available. Shareholders should be aware that the U.S. federal income tax rules, particularly those applicable to partnerships, are constantly under review by the Congressional tax-writing committees and other persons involved in the legislative process, the IRS, the Treasury Department and the courts, frequently resulting in changes which could adversely affect the value of the Shares or cause the Company to change the way it conducts its activities. For example, changes to the U.S. federal tax laws and interpretations thereof could make it more difficult or impossible for the Company to be treated as a partnership that is not taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes, change the character or treatment of portions of the Company s income, reduce the net amount of distributions available to Shareholders, or otherwise affect the tax considerations of owning Shares. If the Company (or the Operating Subsidiaries) were treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes, adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences could result for the Shareholders and the Company. 
 To meet U.S. federal income tax and other objectives, the Company and the Operating Subsidiaries may invest through U.S. and non-U.S. subsidiaries that are treated as corporations for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and such subsidiaries may be subject to corporate income tax or be classified as Passive Foreign Investment Companies PFICs or controlled foreign corporations CFCs ). 
 The Company may structure certain acquisitions through entities classified as corporations for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Such acquisitions will be structured as determined in the sole discretion of the Manager, generally to ensure that the Company is classified as a partnership and not a publicly traded partnership taxable as a corporation, to avoid generating UBTI, and to provide simplified tax reporting for Shareholders. No assurances can be provided that the Company s structures will achieve their intended results. To meet these objectives, the Company and the Operating Subsidiaries may invest through U.S. and non-U.S. subsidiaries that are treated as corporations for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and such subsidiaries may be subject to corporate income tax. Consequently, items of income, gain, loss, deduction, or credit realized in the first instance by the operating entities will not flow, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, directly to the Operating Subsidiaries, the Company, or Shareholders, and any such income or gain may be subject to a corporate income tax, in the United States or other jurisdictions, at the level of such subsidiary. Any such additional taxes may adversely affect the Company s ability to maximize its cash flow and returns to investors. 
 In addition, if any such entity were a non-U.S. corporation, it might be considered a PFIC or CFC, which may result in additional income tax reporting or payment obligations. Because Shareholders will be located in numerous taxing jurisdictions and subject to different tax rules, no assurance can be given that any such structure will benefit all Shareholders to the same extent, including any structures or acquisitions utilizing leverage. Any such structure may result in additional indirect taxes liabilities for certain Shareholders. 
 Tax-exempt organizations may face certain adverse U.S. tax consequences from owning Shares if the Company generates unrelated business taxable income . 
 The Company anticipates that any operating assets held by the Company will be held through entities that are treated as corporations for U.S. federal income tax purposes to avoid generating income connected with the conduct of a trade or business (which income generally would constitute UBTI to the extent allocated to a tax-exempt organization, including a tax-exempt account). However, neither the Company nor the Operating Subsidiaries are prohibited from incurring indebtedness, and no assurance can be provided that the Company will not generate UBTI. In particular, UBTI includes income attributable to debt-financed property, and the Company is not prohibited from financing the acquisition of property with debt. 
 If the Company were engaged in a U.S. trade or business, non-U.S. persons would face certain adverse U.S. tax consequences from owning Shares. 
 The Company intends to use commercially reasonable efforts to structure the activities of the Company and the Operating Subsidiaries to avoid generating income treated as effectively connected with a U.S. trade or business, other than with respect to entities classified as United States real property holding corporations USRPHCs ). If notwithstanding such 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 intention, the Company were deemed to be engaged in a U.S. trade or business, beneficial owners of one or more Shares acquired pursuant to the Private Offering, other than (x) beneficial owners of one or more Shares acquired pursuant to the Private Offering that is for U.S. federal tax purposes: (i) an individual citizen or resident of the United States; (ii) a corporation (or other entity treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes) created or organized in or under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia; (iii) an estate the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income taxation regardless of its source; or (iv) a trust (a) that is subject to the primary supervision of a court within the United States and all substantial decisions of which one or more U.S. persons have the authority to control or (b) that has a valid election in effect under applicable regulations promulgated under the Code to be treated as a U.S. person or (y) entities classified as partnerships or other fiscally transparent entities for U.S. federal tax purposes Non-U.S. Holders generally would be required to file U.S. federal income tax returns and could be subject to U.S. federal withholding tax at the highest marginal U.S. federal income tax rates applicable to ordinary income. In addition, gain or loss from the sale of Shares by a Non-U.S. Holder would be treated as effectively connected with such trade or business (including to the extent of USRPHCs held by the Company) to the extent that such Non-U.S. Holder would have had effectively connected gain or loss the Company sold all of its assets at their fair market value as of the date of such sale. In such case, any such effectively connected gain generally would be taxable at the regular graduated U.S. federal income tax rates, and the amount realized from such sale generally would be subject to U.S. federal withholding tax. 
 The Company s delivery of required tax information for a taxable year may be subject to delay, which could require a Shareholder who is a U.S. taxpayer to request an extension of the due date for such Shareholder s income tax return. 
 The Company intends to provide U.S. tax information (including IRS Schedule K-1 information needed to determine a unitholder s allocable share of our partnership s income, gain, losses, and deductions) 75 days after the close of each calendar year. However, providing this U.S. tax information to Shareholders will be subject to delay in the event of, among other reasons, the late receipt of any necessary tax information from lower-tier entities. It is therefore possible that, in any taxable year, a Shareholder will need to apply for an extension of time to file such Shareholder s tax returns. 
 The U.S. Internal Revenue Service IRS may not agree with certain assumptions and conventions that the Company uses in order to comply with applicable U.S. federal income tax laws or that the Company uses to report income, gain, loss, deduction, and credit to Shareholders. 
 The Company will apply certain assumptions and conventions in order to comply with applicable tax laws and to report income, gain, deduction, loss, and credit to Shareholders in a manner that reflects such Shareholders beneficial ownership of the Company, taking into account variation in ownership interests during each taxable year. However, these assumptions and conventions may not be in compliance with all aspects of the applicable tax requirements. A successful IRS challenge to such assumptions or conventions could adversely affect the amount of tax benefits available to Shareholders and could require that items of income, gain, deduction, loss, or credit, including interest deductions, be adjusted, reallocated or disallowed in a manner that adversely affects our Shareholders. 
 If the IRS makes an audit adjustment to the Company s income tax returns, it may assess and collect any taxes (including penalties and interest) resulting from such audit adjustment directly from us, in which case cash available for distribution to Shareholders might be substantially reduced. 
 If the IRS makes an audit adjustment to the Company s income tax returns, it may assess and collect any taxes (including penalties and interest) resulting from such audit adjustment directly from the Company instead of Shareholders. We may be permitted to elect to have Shareholders take such audit adjustment into account in accordance with their interests in the Company during the taxable year under audit. However, there can be no assurance that we will choose to make such election or that it will be available in all circumstances. If we do not make the election, and we pay taxes, penalties, or interest as a result of an audit adjustment, then cash available for distribution to Shareholders might be substantially reduced. As a result, current Shareholders might bear some or all of the cost of the tax liability resulting from such audit adjustment, even if the current Shareholders did not own Shares during the taxable year under audit. 
 Under the Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 2010 FATCA ), certain payments made or received by the Company may be subject to a 30 federal withholding tax, unless certain requirements are met. 
 Under FATCA, a 30 withholding tax may apply to certain distributions made by the Company to a Shareholder, unless certain requirements are met. To ensure compliance with FATCA, information regarding certain Shareholders ownership of Shares may be reported to the IRS or to a non-U.S. governmental authority. Shareholders should consult their own tax advisers regarding the consequences under FATCA of an investment in Shares. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 Our corporate headquarters are located at 30 Hudson Yards, New York, NY 10001, and are provided by the Manager. We believe that our office facilities are suitable and adequate for our business as it is contemplated to be conducted. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 From time to time, we may be involved in various claims and legal actions arising in the ordinary course of business. As of December 31, 2022, we were not involved in any material legal proceedings. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 Part II. 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Price Range of Common Stock 
 
 The Company s Class S Shares, Class D Shares, Class U Shares, Class I Shares, Class R Shares, Class F Shares, Class E Shares, Class G Shares and Class H Shares are not listed or traded on any recognized securities exchange. On October 25, 2022, the Company issued 40 Class G Shares to KKR Group Asset Holdings III L.P., an affiliate of the Manager, for an aggregate offering price of 1,000. No Class S Shares, Class D Shares, Class U Shares, Class I Shares, Class R Shares, Class F Shares, Class E Shares and Class H Shares have been issued as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Holders 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company has issued 40 Class G Shares to KKR Group Asset Holdings III L.P., an affiliate of the Manager. 
 Distributions 
 No cash distributions, including dividends and return of capital, if any, have been declared by the Company s Board since inception. 
 
 Performance Graph 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 
 On October 25, 2022, the Company issued 40 Class G Shares to KKR Group Asset Holdings III L.P., an affiliate of the Manager, for an aggregate offering price of 1,000, in an unregistered sale of securities. These Shares were issued and sold in reliance upon the available exemptions from registration requirements of Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 
 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 For the period ended December 31, 2022, the Company did not repurchase any of its common stock in the open market. 
 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition to historical data, this discussion contains forward-looking statements about our business, operations and financial performance based on current expectations that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Our actual results may differ materially from those in this discussion as a result of various factors, including but not limited to those discussed in Item 1A. Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Overview 
 KKR Infrastructure Conglomerate LLC was formed on September 23, 2022 as a limited liability company under the laws of the state of Delaware and we operate our business in a manner permitting us to be excluded from the definition of investment company under the Investment Company Act. We are a holding company that seeks to acquire, own and control portfolio companies, special purpose vehicles and other entities through which infrastructure assets or businesses will be held, with the objective of generating attractive risk-adjusted returns consisting of both current income and capital appreciation. Our Infrastructure Assets will include existing companies, businesses, hard assets, properties and other assets, and may also include new companies, businesses and development projects. 
 We are sponsored by Kohlberg Kravis Roberts Co. L.P. and expect to benefit from KKR s infrastructure sourcing and management platform pursuant to a management agreement to be entered into with KKR DAV Manager LLC to support the Company in managing its portfolio of Infrastructure Assets with the objective of generating risk-adjusted returns consisting of both current income and capital appreciation for shareholders. We have no operations as of December 31, 2022 other than matters relating to our organization. 
 
 We have been established by KKR to control and manage Joint Ventures that, directly or indirectly, own majority stakes in Infrastructure Assets, and to a lesser extent, Joint Ventures that own influential yet non-majority stakes in Infrastructure Assets. We anticipate acquiring, owning and controlling Infrastructure Assets through Joint Ventures in the geographies where KKR is active, including North America, Western Europe and Asia Pacific. Over time, we expect to acquire Infrastructure Assets that generate attractive risk-adjusted returns, using proceeds raised from future offerings of our securities, distributions from Infrastructure Assets, and opportunistically recycling capital generated from dispositions of Infrastructure Assets. 
 
 A key part of our strategy is to form joint ventures by pooling capital with KKR Vehicles that target acquisitions of Infrastructure Assets that are compatible with our business strategy. We expect that we will own nearly all of our Infrastructure Assets through Joint Ventures alongside one or more KKR Vehicles and that the Joint Ventures will be managed in a way that reflects the commonality of interests between the KKR Vehicles and the Company. We believe that a joint acquisition and management strategy between the KKR Vehicles and the Company will lead to greater opportunities to gain sufficient influence or control over Infrastructure Assets to deploy an operations-oriented management approach to value creation with the objective of achieving both current income and capital appreciation. We plan to own all or substantially all of our Infrastructure Assets directly or indirectly through one of our wholly-owned operating subsidiaries. We expect to hold our Infrastructure Assets and Joint Ventures through one or more corporations, limited liability companies or limited partnerships. 
 
 We expect that over the long-term Joint Ventures and Infrastructure Assets will make up approximately 85 of our assets. Additionally, we expect that approximately 15 of our assets will consist of cash and cash equivalents, U.S. Treasury securities, U.S. government agency securities, municipal securities, other sovereign debt, investment grade credit, and other investments including high yield credit, asset backed securities, mortgage backed securities, collateralized loan obligations, leveraged loans and/or debt of companies or assets (collectively, the Liquidity Portfolio in each case to facilitate capital deployment and provide a potential source of liquidity. These types of liquid assets may exceed 15 of our assets at any given time due to distributions from, or dispositions of, Infrastructure Assets or for other reasons as our Manager determines. 
 
 We have a board of directors whose corporate governance responsibilities are based on fiduciary duties applicable to Delaware limited liability companies, as modified by our second amended and restated limited liability company agreement (the LLC Agreement ). The Board consists of six directors, half of whom are independent. The Board oversees the management of the Company and the performance of the Manager. Actual or potential conflicts of interest will arise from time to time between the Company, KKR and the KKR Vehicles. Our independent directors are expected to approve protocols for handling actual and potential conflicts of interest and may be called upon from time to time to approve specific conflicts on behalf of our Audit Committee. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 As of December 31, 2022, we had neither engaged in any principal operations nor generated any revenues. Our entire activity since inception through December 31, 2022 was to prepare for our proposed fundraising through a continuous private offering of our shares to (i) accredited investors (as defined in Regulation D under the Securities Act) and (ii) in the case of Shares sold outside the United States, to persons that are not U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) in reliance on exemptions from the registration requirements of the Securities Act (the Private Offering ). We currently offer five classes of Investor Shares: Class S Shares, Class D Shares, Class U Shares, Class I Shares and Class R Shares. We may offer additional classes of Investor Shares in the future. The share classes have different upfront selling commissions and ongoing stockholder servicing fees. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had neither purchased nor contracted to purchase any Infrastructure Assets. 
 
 We operate our business in a manner permitting us to maintain an exclusion from registration under the Investment Company Act. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 As of December 31, 2022, we were in our organizational period and had not commenced significant operations. We are dependent upon the proceeds from our continuous private offering in order to conduct our business. We intend to acquire Infrastructure Assets with the capital received from our continuous private offering and any indebtedness that we may incur in connection with our such activities. 
 From October 25, 2022 (date of our initial capitalization) through December 31, 2022, we had not commenced our principal operations and were focused on our formation and the registration statement for the Company. Our Form 10 registration statement automatically became effective on November 29, 2022. 
 We incurred organization costs of 5,384,888 during the period from September 23, 2022 (date of formation) through December 31, 2022. The organization costs incurred will be reimbursed to the Manager or its affiliates by the Company. Such costs represent legal, accounting, and other corporate services. 
 
 Revenues 
 
 We plan to generate revenues primarily from our long-term ownership and operation of Joint Ventures and Infrastructure Assets which may consist of dividend income, interest income, and net realized gains or losses and net change in unrealized appreciation or depreciation of Infrastructure Assets. 
 
 Expenses 
 
 Management Fee 
 
 Pursuant to the Management Agreement, the Manager is entitled to receive a Management Fee from the Company. The Management Fee is payable monthly in arrears in an amount equal to (i) 1.25 per annum of the month-end NAV attributable to Class D Shares, Class I Shares and Class S Shares, (ii) 1.00 per annum of the month-end NAV for a 60-month period following the acceptance of the initial subscription for Shares of the Company by persons that are not affiliates of the Manager (the Initial Offering attributable to Class U Shares and Class R Shares (provided that such Class U Shares and Class R Shares are purchased by an investor as part of an intermediary s aggregate subscription for at least 100 million during the 12-month period following the Initial Offering) and 1.25 per annum of the month-end NAV attributable to Class U Shares and Class R Shares thereafter, each before giving effect to any accruals for the Management Fee, the Distribution Fee (as defined below), the Servicing Fee (as defined below), the Performance Participation Allocation, redemptions for that month, any distributions and without taking into account any taxes (whether paid, payable, accrued or otherwise) of any intermediate entity through which the Company indirectly invests in an Infrastructure Asset, as determined in the good faith judgment of the Manager. 
 
 In addition to the fees paid to the Manager, we will pay all other costs and expenses of our operations, including compensation of our employees and non-investment professional employees of the Manager or KKR, directors, custodial expenses, leveraging expenses, transfer agent expenses, legal fees, expenses of independent auditors, expenses of our periodic repurchases, expenses of preparing, printing and distributing prospectuses, shareholder reports, notices, proxy statements and reports to governmental agencies and taxes, if any. The Management Fee will be offset by certain fees and expenses. 
 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 Performance Participation Allocation 
 
 KKR is allocated the Performance Participation Allocation equal to 12.5 of the Total Return attributable to Investor Shares subject to a 5.0 annual Hurdle Amount and a High Water Mark, with a 100 Catch-Up (each as defined below). Such allocation will be measured and allocated or paid annually and accrued monthly (subject to pro-rating for partial periods) payable either in cash or in Class F Shares. Specifically, KKR is allocated a Performance Participation Allocation in an amount equal to: 
 
 First, if the Total Return for the applicable period exceeds the sum of (i) the Hurdle Amount for that period and (ii) the Loss Carryforward Amount (any such excess, Excess Profits ), 100 of such Excess Profits until the total amount allocated to KKR equals 12.5 of the sum of (x) the Hurdle Amount for that period and (y) any amount allocated to KKR pursuant to this clause (any such amount, the Catch-Up and 
 
 Second, to the extent there are remaining Excess Profits, 12.5 of such remaining Excess Profits. 
 
 KKR will also be allocated a Performance Participation Allocation with respect to all Investor Shares that are repurchased in connection with repurchases of shares in an amount calculated as described above with the relevant period being the portion of the Reference Period for which such share was outstanding, and proceeds for any such share repurchases will be reduced by the amount of any such Performance Participation Allocation. 
 
 KKR may elect to receive the Performance Participation Allocation in cash and/or Class F Shares. If the Performance Participation Allocation is paid in Class F Shares, such shares may be repurchased at KKR s request and will be subject to the repurchase limitations of our quarterly tender offers. To align its economic interests with those of Shareholders, KKR has an internal policy that delays the timing for when it will receive cash proceeds in respect of the Performance Participation Allocation. Pursuant to this internal policy, KKR intends (i) to initially elect to receive the Performance Participation Allocation in Class F Shares and (ii) to only tender such Class F Shares in our quarterly tender offers at such times and in such amounts so that, on an inception-to-date basis, KKR does not receive cumulative cash proceeds from any tendered Class F Shares greater than 12.5 of the sum of (x) gross realized gains (net of realized losses), interest income, and certain other cash distributions from all assets; plus (y) gross unrealized gains (net of unrealized losses) from indefinite life assets (as determined by KKR) generated by the Company s assets on an inception-to-date basis. KKR has the right to modify or revoke this internal policy at any time. 
 
 Total Return for any period since the end of the prior Reference Period shall equal the sum of: 
 
 i. all distributions accrued or paid (without duplication) on Investor Shares outstanding at the end of such period since the beginning of the then-current Reference Period; plus 
 
 ii. the change in aggregate NAV of such Investor Shares since the beginning of the Reference Period before giving effect to (x) changes resulting solely from the proceeds of issuances of the Investor Shares, (y) any allocation/accrual to the Performance Participation Allocation and (z) applicable Distribution Fee and Servicing Fee expenses (including any payments made to the Company for payment of such expenses). 
 
 For the avoidance of doubt, the calculation of Total Return will (i) include any appreciation or depreciation in the NAV of Investor Shares issued during the then-current Reference Period, (ii) treat any withholding tax on distributions paid by or received by the Company as part of the distributions accrued or paid on Investor Shares, (iii) exclude the proceeds from the initial issuance of such Shares and (iv) exclude any taxes (whether paid, payable, accrued or otherwise) of any intermediate entity through which the Company indirectly invests in a portfolio company, as determined in the good faith judgment of the Manager. 
 
 Hurdle Amount for any period during a Reference Period means that amount that results in a 5.0 annualized internal rate of return on the NAV of the Investor Shares outstanding at the beginning of the then-current Reference Period and all Investor Shares issued since the beginning of the then-current Reference Period, calculated in accordance with recognized industry practices and taking into account the timing and amount of all distributions accrued or paid (without duplication) on all such Shares but excluding applicable expenses for the Distribution Fee and Servicing Fee. 
 
 The ending NAV of Investor Shares used in calculating the internal rate of return will be calculated before giving effect to any allocation/accrual to the Performance Participation Allocation and applicable expenses for the Servicing Fee. For the avoidance of doubt, the calculation of the Hurdle Amount for any period will exclude any Investor Shares repurchased 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 during such period, which shares will be subject to the Performance Participation Allocation upon repurchase as described above. 
 
 Except as described in Loss Carryforward Amount below, any amount by which Total Return falls below the Hurdle Amount will not be carried forward to subsequent periods. 
 
 KKR will not be obligated to return any portion of the Performance Participation Allocation paid due to the subsequent performance of the Company. 
 
 Loss Carryforward Amount shall initially equal zero and shall cumulatively increase by the absolute value of any negative quarterly Total Return and decrease by any positive quarterly Total Return; provided, that the Loss Carryforward Amount shall at no time be less than zero and provided further that the calculation of the Loss Carryforward Amount will exclude the Total Return related to any Investor Shares repurchased during the applicable Reference Period, which Shares will be subject to the Performance Participation Allocation upon repurchase as described above. For the avoidance of doubt, with respect to Shares repurchased during the applicable Reference Period, the Loss Carryforward Amount shall not include amounts that would have been attributable to such repurchased Shares had such Shares not been repurchased during the applicable Reference Period. The effect of the Loss Carryforward Amount is that the recoupment of past quarterly Total Return losses will offset the positive quarterly Total Return for purposes of the calculation of the Performance Participation Allocation. This is referred to as a High Water Mark . 
 
 Reference Period means the applicable calendar year. 
 
 Distribution Fees and Servicing Fees 
 
 The Company will pay the dealer-manager ongoing distribution and servicing fees (a) of 0.85 of NAV per annum for Class S Shares and Class U Shares only (consisting of a 0.60 distribution fee (the Distribution Fee and a 0.25 shareholder servicing fee (the Servicing Fee )), accrued and payable monthly and (b) of 0.25 for Class D Shares only (all of which constitutes payment for shareholder services, with no payment for distribution services) in each case as accrued, and payable monthly. None of Class I Shares, Class R Shares or the KKR Shares will incur Distribution Fees or Servicing Fees. All or a portion of the Distribution Fee or Servicing Fee may be used to pay for platform, sub-transfer agency, sub-accounting and certain other administrative services. The Company also pays for certain sub-transfer agency, sub-accounting and administrative services outside of the Distribution Fee and Servicing Fee. 
 
 Administration 
 
 We plan to enter into an administration agreement with an administrator (the Administrator pursuant to which the Administrator will be responsible for generally performing administrative services of the Company. We anticipate that pursuant to the administration agreement the Administrator will be entitled to receive a monthly fee based on the monthly value of the Company's net assets, subject to a minimum annual fee, plus out-of-pocket expenses. 
 
 Organizational and Offering Expenses 
 
 The Company will reimburse the Manager or its affiliates for organization and offering costs incurred prior to the commencement of operations of the Company subject to the Expense Limitation and Reimbursement Agreement discussed below (including legal, accounting, printing, mailing, subscription processing and filing fees and expenses, due diligence expenses of participating broker-dealers supported by detailed and itemized invoices, costs in connection with preparing sales materials, design and website expenses, fees and expenses of the Company). 
 
 Expense Limitation and Reimbursement Agreement 
 
 Pursuant to an Expense Limitation and Reimbursement Agreement, through and including December 31, 2023, the Manager has agreed to forgo an amount of its monthly Management Fee and/or pay, absorb or reimburse certain expenses of the Company through and including December 31, 2023, to the extent necessary so that, for any fiscal year, the Company s annual Specified Expenses (defined below) do not exceed 0.60 of the Company s net assets as of the end of each calendar month. The Company has agreed to carry forward the amount of any foregone Management Fees and expenses paid, absorbed or reimbursed by the Manager, when and if requested by the Manager, within three years from the end of the month in which the Manager waived or reimbursed such fees or expenses, but only if and to the extent that Specified Expenses plus any recoupment do not exceed 0.60 of the Company s net assets at the end of each calendar 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 month. The Manager may recapture a Specified Expense in the same year it is incurred. This arrangement cannot be terminated prior to December 31, 2023 without the Board s consent. Specified Expenses is defined to include all expenses incurred in the business of the Company, including organizational and offering costs, with the exception of (i) the Management Fee, (ii) the Performance Participation Allocation, (iii) the Servicing Fee, (iv) the Distribution Fee, (v) Infrastructure Asset or Joint Venture level expenses, (vi) brokerage costs or other investment-related out-of-pocket expenses, including with respect to unconsummated transactions, (vii) dividend/interest payments (including any dividend payments, interest expenses, commitment fees, or other expenses related to any leverage incurred by the Company), (viii) taxes, (ix) ordinary corporate operating expenses of the Company (including costs and expenses related to hiring, retaining and compensating employees and officers of the Company), (x) certain insurance costs and (xi) extraordinary expenses (as determined in the sole discretion of the Manager). 
 
 Company Expenses 
 
 The Company will bear all expenses of its operations, including, without limitation, expenses incurred by the Company, as well as all fees, costs and expenses fairly allocable to the Company, including: (a) fees, costs and expenses of outside counsel, accountants, auditors, appraisers, valuation experts, consultants, administrators, custodians, depositories, trustees and other similar outside advisors and service providers with respect to the Company and its Infrastructure Assets (including allocable compensation and expenses of Senior Advisors, Executive Advisors and Industry Advisors and allocable fees and expenses of KKR Capstone, a team of global operational professionals that has been an integral part of portfolio operations at KKR since the early 2000s KKR Capstone ), related to the Company s activities, and including the cost of any valuation of, or fairness opinion relating to, any Infrastructure Asset or other asset or liability, or potential transaction, of the Company); (b) fees, costs and expenses of identifying, investigating (and conducting diligence with respect to), evaluating, structuring, consummating, holding, monitoring or selling potential and actual Infrastructure Assets, including (i) brokerage commissions, clearing and settlement charges, investment banking fees, bank charges, placement, syndication and solicitation fees, arranger fees, sales commissions and other investment, execution, closing and administrative fees, costs and expenses; (ii) any travel-related costs and expenses incurred in connection therewith (including costs and expenses of accommodations and meals, costs and expenses related to attending trade association meetings, conferences or similar meetings for the purposes of evaluating actual or potential business opportunities, including with respect to travel on non-commercial aircraft, costs of travel at a comparable business class commercial airline rate), including any such expenses incurred in connection with attendance at meetings of the portfolio management committees; (iii) expenses associated with portfolio and risk management, including hedging transactions, currency hedging and other similar arrangements for hedging purposes; (iv) fees, costs and expenses incurred in the organization, operation, administration, restructuring or winding-up, dissolution, liquidation and termination of any entities through which the Company acquires assets; and (v) fees, costs and expenses of outside counsel, accountants, auditors, consultants (including KKR Capstone) and other similar outside advisors and service providers incurred in connection with designing, implementing and monitoring participation by Infrastructure Assets in compliance and operational best practices programs and initiatives; and (vi) fees, costs and expenses (including allocable compensation and overhead of KKR Personnel engaged in the foregoing activities) incurred in connection with assessing and reporting the social and environmental impact and environmental, social and governance performance of Infrastructure Assets and potential Infrastructure Assets (including fees, costs and expenses payable to BSR (formerly, Business for Social Responsibility and/or any similar third-party service provider) and of outside counsel, accountants, auditors, consultants and other similar outside advisors and service providers incurred in connection with designing, implementing and monitoring any impact assessment program; (c) any taxes, fees or other governmental charges levied against the Company or on its income or assets or in connection with its business or operations, including the business or operations of any entities through which the Company invests, and preparation expenses in connection with such governmental charges or to otherwise comply with applicable tax reporting obligations or any legal implementation of such regimes, but excluding any amounts to the extent that the Company has been reimbursed therefor; (d) fees, costs and expenses incurred in connection with any audit, examination, investigation or other proceeding by any taxing authority or incurred in connection with any governmental inquiry, investigation or proceeding, in each case, involving or otherwise applicable to the Company, including the amount of any judgments, settlements, remediation or fines paid in connection therewith, excluding, any fine or penalty paid by KKR or any of its affiliates to a governmental body of competent jurisdiction on the basis of a finding that KKR or its affiliate has breached a fiduciary duty to the Company or the Shareholders (for the avoidance of doubt, the foregoing does not include any fine or penalty related to activities taken by KKR or its affiliates on behalf of the Company); (e) fees, costs and expenses of the Board and any third-party advisory committees (including, without limitation, (1) travel, accommodation, meal, event, entertainment and other similar fees, costs and expenses in connection with meetings of the Board (including such fees, costs and expenses incurred with respect to non-Independent Directors) and (2) the fees, costs and expenses of any legal counsel or other advisors retained by, or at the direction or for the benefit of, the Board; (f) fees, costs and expenses of holding any annual or other information meeting of the Shareholders (including (1) meal, event, 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 entertainment and other similar fees, costs and expenses and (2) travel and accommodation costs of KKR Personnel, Senior Advisors, Executive Advisors, Industry Advisors, KKR Advisors and employees of KKR Capstone Capstone Executives attending such annual or other information meetings (including with respect to travel on non-commercial aircraft, costs of travel at a comparable business class commercial airline rate)); (g) the portion fairly allocable to the Company of fees, costs and expenses (including allocable compensation and expenses of KKR Personnel who are attorneys, accountants and tax advisors or professionals) incurred in connection with legal, regulatory and tax services provided on behalf of the Company, its Infrastructure Assets and compliance with U.S. federal, state or local law or other non-U.S. law or other law and regulation relating to the Company s activities (including expenses relating to the preparation and filing of reports and notices to be filed with the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission, reports, filings, disclosures and notices prepared in connection with the laws and/or regulations of jurisdictions in which the Company engages in activities and/or any other regulatory filings, notices or disclosures of the KKR Advisors and/or their respective affiliates relating to the Company and its activities; (h) fees, costs and expenses associated with the Company s administration, the administration of assets, financial planning and treasury activities, the preparation and delivery of all of the Company s financial statements, tax returns and Schedule K-1s (including any successors thereto), reporting on impact and ESG-related matters, subscriptions, distribution notices, other reports and notices and other required or requested information (including the cost of any third-party administrator that provides accounting and administrative services to the Company), fees, costs and expenses incurred to audit such reports, provide access to such reports or information (including through a website or other portal) and any other operational, secretarial or postage expenses relating thereto or arising in connection with the distribution thereof (and including, in each case, technology development and support with respect to such activities, other administrative support therefor and allocable compensation and overhead of KKR Personnel engaged in the aforementioned activities and KKR Personnel providing oversight of any third-party administrator engaged in the aforementioned activities); (i) principal, interest on and fees, costs and expenses relating to or arising out of all borrowings made by the Company, including fees, costs and expenses incurred in connection with the negotiation and establishment of the relevant credit facility, credit support or other relevant arrangements with respect to such borrowings or related to securing the same by mortgage, pledge or other encumbrance, if applicable; (j) fees, costs and expenses related to the offering of Shares (including expenses associated with updating the offering materials, expenses associated with printing such materials, expenses associated with subscriptions and redemptions, and travel expenses relating to the ongoing offering of Shares) or a transfer of Shares or repurchase (but only to the extent not paid or otherwise borne by the transferring Shareholder and/or the assignee of the transferring Shareholder, as applicable); (k) fees, costs and expenses incurred in connection with any amendments, restatements or other modifications to, and compliance with the Company s Private Placement Memorandum, the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10, the LLC Agreement, any other constituent or related documents of the Company, including the solicitation of any consent, waiver or similar acknowledgment from the Shareholders or preparation of other materials in connection with compliance (or monitoring compliance) with such documents; (l) fees, costs and expenses related to procuring, developing, implementing or maintaining information technology, data subscription and license-based services, research publications, materials, equipment and services, computer software or hardware and electronic equipment used in connection with providing services to the Company (including in connection with reporting and valuations), in connection with identifying, investigating (and conducting diligence with respect to) or evaluating, structuring, consummating (including license fees and maintenance costs for workflow technology that facilitates the closing of acquisitions by, among other things, managing allocations (as between the Company or other relevant persons, conflicts of interest and compliance with law, all in accordance with policies and procedures established by KKR and its affiliates), holding, monitoring or selling potential and actual Infrastructure Assets, or in connection with obtaining or performing research related to potential or actual acquisitions, industries, sectors, geographies or other relevant market, economic, geopolitical or similar data or trends, including risk analysis software; (m) premiums and fees for insurance for the benefit of, or allocated to, the Company (including directors and officers liability, errors and omissions or other similar insurance policies, and any other insurance for coverage of liabilities incurred in connection with the activities of, or on behalf of, the Company, including an allocable portion of the premiums and fees for one or more umbrella policies that cover the Company, KKR and its affiliates) and costs of ERISA fidelity bonds; (n) expenses of any actual or potential litigation or other dispute related to the Company or any actual or potential acquisition (including expenses incurred in connection with the investigation, prosecution or defense of litigation and the appointment of any agents for service of process on behalf of the Company) and other extraordinary expenses related to the Company or such acquisitions (including fees, costs and expenses classified as extraordinary expenses under generally accepted accounting principles in the United States) and the amount of any judgments, fines, remediation or settlements paid in connection therewith, directors and officers, liability or other insurance (including title insurance) and indemnification (including advancement of any fees, costs or expenses to persons entitled to indemnification) or extraordinary expense or liability relating to the affairs of the Company, in each case, to the extent such costs, expenses and amounts relate to claims or matters that are otherwise entitled to indemnification under applicable law; (o) fees, costs and expenses incurred in connection with the dissolution and liquidation of the Company; (p) all other costs and expenses of the Company and its affiliates in connection with the business or operation of the Company and its 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 Infrastructure Assets; and (q) Broken Deal Expenses (as defined in the LLC Agreement) (excluding such expenses that have been netted against Other Fees) (collectively, Company Expenses ). For the avoidance of doubt, Company Expenses may include any of the fees, costs, expenses and other liabilities described above incurred in connection with services provided, or other activities engaged in, by KKR and its affiliates, in addition to third parties. In determining the amount of Company Expenses that may be fairly allocable to the Company and to any KKR Vehicles that may participate in joint ventures with the Company, the Manager and its affiliates will take into account such factors as they deem appropriate, including, for example, committed or available capital of the Company and KKR Vehicles, the amount of capital historically invested, or remaining invested, in a particular investment or similar investments, the aggregate net asset 
 value of the Company and KKR Vehicles and the percentage of similar investments in which the Company or KKR Vehicles have historically participated. The Company will reimburse the Manager or its affiliates for expenses described above that are incurred prior to the commencement of operations of the Company, including allocable compensation and overhead of KKR Personnel involved in the formation and establishment of the Company and its subsidiaries. 
 
 The Company will bear any extraordinary expenses it may incur, including any litigation expenses. 

Hedging Activities 
 
 The Company may, but is not obligated to, engage in hedging transactions for the purpose of efficient portfolio management. The Manager may review the Company s hedging policy from time to time depending on movements and projected movements of relevant currencies and interest rates and the availability of cost-effective hedging instruments for the Company at the relevant time. 
 
 With respect to any potential financings, general increases in interest rates over time may cause the interest expense associated with our borrowings to increase, and the value of our debt acquisitions to decline. We may seek to stabilize our financing costs as well as any potential decline in our assets by entering into derivatives, swaps or other financial products in an attempt to hedge our interest rate risk. In the event we pursue any projects or acquisitions outside of the United States, we may have foreign currency risks related to our revenue and operating expenses denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. We may in the future, enter into derivatives or other financial instruments in an attempt to hedge our foreign currency exchange risk. It is difficult to predict the impact hedging activities would have on our results of operations. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 KKR has made an initial capital contribution of 1,000 in cash, in exchange for 40 Class G Shares. The Company may issue Class E Shares to KKR in connection with the Company s acquisition of additional assets in the future. KKR currently holds all of the Company s outstanding Class G Shares. As of December 31, 2022, KKR was our only Shareholder. 
 We expect to generate cash primarily from the net proceeds from our continuous Private Offering, cash flows from our operations, any financing arrangements we may enter into in the future and any future offerings of our equity or debt securities. 
 
 Our primary use of cash will be for acquisition of Infrastructure Assets, the cost of operations (including the Management Fee and Performance Participation Allocation), debt service of any borrowings, periodic repurchases, including under the Repurchase Program (as described herein), and cash distributions (if any) to the holders of our Shares to the extent declared by the Manager. 
 
 Cash Flows 
 On October 25, 2022, the Company was capitalized with a 1,000 investment by the Manager. There have been no other cash flows from our inception through December 31, 2022. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had not declared or paid any distributions. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies 
 Below is a discussion of the accounting policies that management believes will be critical once we commence principal operations. We consider these policies critical because they involve significant judgments and assumptions and require estimates about matters that are inherently uncertain and because they are important for understanding and evaluating our reported financial results. Our accounting policies have been established to conform with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP ). The preparation of the financial statements in accordance with GAAP 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 requires management to use judgments in the application of such policies. These judgments will affect our reported amounts of assets and liabilities and our disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the dates of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting periods. With different estimates or assumptions, materially different amounts could be reported in our financial statements. Additionally, other companies may utilize different estimates that may impact the comparability of our results of operations to those of companies in similar businesses. 
 
 Valuation of Infrastructure Assets 
 
 The Company s Infrastructure Assets will be valued at fair value in a manner consistent with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States GAAP ), including Accounting Standards Codification 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosure ASC 820 ), issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB ). ASC 820 defines fair value as the price that would be received from the sale of an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. 
 
 There is no single standard for determining fair values of assets that do not have a readily available market price and, in many cases, such fair values may be best expressed as a range of fair values from which a single estimate may be derived in good faith. As a result, determining fair value requires that judgment be applied to the specific facts and circumstances of each acquisition while employing a valuation process that is consistently followed. Determinations of fair value involve subjective judgments and estimates. 
 
 When making fair value determinations for Infrastructure Assets that do not have readily available market prices, the Manager will consider industry-accepted valuation methodologies, primarily consisting of an income approach and market approach. The income approach derives fair value based on the present value of cash flows that a business or asset is expected to generate in the future. The market approach relies upon valuations for comparable companies, transactions or assets, and includes making judgments about which companies, transactions, or assets are comparable. A blend of approaches may be relied upon in arriving at an estimate of fair value, though there may be instances where it is more appropriate to utilize one approach. It is common to use only the income approach for Infrastructure Assets. The Manager also considers a range of additional factors that it deems relevant, including a potential sale of an Infrastructure Asset, macro and local market conditions, industry information and the Infrastructure Asset s historical and projected financial data. 
 
 Infrastructure Assets will generally be valued at transaction price initially; however, to the extent the Manager does not believe an Infrastructure Asset s transaction price reflects the current market value, the Manager will adjust such valuation. When making fair value determinations for Infrastructure Assets, the Manager will update the prior month-end valuations by incorporating the then current market comparables and discount rate inputs, any material changes to the Infrastructure Assets financial performance since the prior quarter end, as well as any cash flow activity related to the Infrastructure Assets during the month. The Manager will value Infrastructure Assets using the valuation methodology it deems most appropriate and consistent with widely recognized valuation methodologies and market conditions. See Item 1A. Risk 
 Factors Valuations of our assets are estimates of fair value and may not necessarily correspond to realizable value . 
 
 When making fair value determinations for assets that do not have a reliable readily available market price, the Manager may, but is not obligated to, engage one or more independent valuation firms to provide positive assurance regarding the reasonableness of such valuations as of the relevant measurement date. If an independent valuation firm is not able to provide the positive assurance, the Manager may determine to provide the valuation itself as of the relevant measurement date. 
 
 Because assets are valued as of a specified valuation date, events occurring subsequent to that date will not be reflected in the Company s valuations. However, if information indicating a condition that existed at the valuation date becomes available subsequent to the valuation date and before financial information is publicly released, it will be evaluated to determine whether it would have a material impact requiring adjustment of the final valuation. 
 
 At least annually, the Manager reviews the appropriateness of the Company s valuation policies and procedures and will recommend any proposed changes to the Board. From time to time, the Board and the Manager may adopt changes to the valuation policies and procedures if they determine that such changes are likely to result in a more accurate reflection of estimated fair value. 
 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 See Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to our financial statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a discussion concerning recent accounting pronouncements. 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 We currently have no off-balance sheet arrangements that are reasonably likely to have a material current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. 
 
 Contractual Obligations 
 See Results of Operations above for our contractual obligations and commitments with payments due subsequent to December 31, 2022. 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 We had no significant operations as of December 31, 2022. When we commence our principal operations, we expect that our primary market risk exposure will be interest rate risk with respect to our indebtedness and credit risk and market risk with respect to use of derivative financial instruments. As of December 31, 2022, we had no indebtedness and did not use any derivative financial instruments. The Manager will be responsible for the oversight of risks to our business. 
 
 Changes in Market Interest Rates 
 
 With respect to our proposed business operations, general increases in interest rates over time may cause the interest expense associated with our borrowings to increase, and the value of our debt acquisitions to decline. Conversely, general decreases in interest rates over time may cause the interest expense associated with our borrowings to decrease, and the value of our debt acquisitions to increase. 
 
 Credit Risk 
 Credit risk is the failure of the counterparty to perform under the terms of the derivative contract. If the fair value of a derivative contract is positive, the counterparty will owe us, which creates credit risk for us. If the fair value of a derivative contract is negative, we will owe the counterparty and, therefore, do not have credit risk. We will seek to minimize the credit risk in derivative instruments by entering into transactions with high-quality counterparties. 
 
 Market Risk 
 Market risk is the adverse effect on the value of a financial instrument that results from a change in interest rates. The market risk associated with interest-rate contracts is managed by establishing and monitoring parameters that limit the types and degree of market risk that may be undertaken. With regard to variable rate financing, we will assess our interest rate cash flow risk by continually identifying and monitoring changes in interest rate exposures that may adversely impact expected future cash flows and by evaluating hedging opportunities. We will maintain risk management control systems to monitor interest rate cash flow risk attributable to both our outstanding and forecasted debt obligations as well as our potential offsetting hedge positions. While this hedging strategy will be designed to minimize the impact on our net income and funds from operations from changes in interest rates, the overall returns on your investment may be reduced. 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 Index to Financial Statements 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 59 
 Statement of Assets and Liabilities as of December 31, 2022 
 60 
 Statement of Operations for the period from September 23 , 2022 (Date of Formation) through December 31, 2022 
 61 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 62 

58 

Table of Contents 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the Board of Directors of KKR Infrastructure Conglomerate LLC 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying statement of assets and liabilities of KKR Infrastructure Conglomerate LLC (the "Company") as of December 31, 2022, the related statement of operations, for the period September 23, 2022 (date of formation) to December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022, and the results of its operations for the period September 23, 2022 (date of formation) to December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB and in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States of America. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 /s/ 
 
 March 24, 2023 
 We have served as the auditor of the Company since 2022. 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 KKR Infrastructure Conglomerate LLC 
 Statement of Assets and Liabilities 
 December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2022 Assets Cash and cash equivalents Prepaids and other assets Deferred offering costs Due from Manager Total assets Liabilities Other accrued expenses and liabilities Organization costs payable Offering costs payable Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 4) Net assets Net assets are comprised of: Common Shares - Class G Shares, shares authorized, issued and outstanding 
 Net assets Net assets Shares outstanding Net asset value per share 
 See notes to financial statements. 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 KKR Infrastructure Conglomerate LLC 
 Statement of Operations 
 For the Period from September 23, 2022 (date of formation) to December 31, 2022 
 For the period from September 23, 2022 (date of formation) through December 31, 2022 Organization costs General and administrative Total expenses Less: Expenses reimbursed by Manager ) Net expenses Net investment income 
 See notes to financial statements. 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 KKR Infrastructure Conglomerate LLC 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 
 For the Period from September 23, 2022 (date of formation) to December 31, 2022 
 
 1. 
 to KKR Group Asset Holdings III L.P., an affiliate of the Manager. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had neither purchased nor contracted to purchase any Infrastructure Assets. 
 
 2. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company was invested in the JPMorgan U.S. Government Money Market Fund. 
 Organization and Offering Costs 
 For the period from September 23, 2022 (date of formation) to December 31, 2022, the Company incurred organization costs of . 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 of operations on a straight-line basis. The total amount of the offering costs incurred by the Company was for the period from September 23, 2022 (date of formation) to December 31, 2022. 
 . 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 3. 
 of the Company s net assets as of the end of each calendar month. Specified Expenses is defined to include all expenses incurred in the business of the Company, including organizational and offering costs, with the exception of (i) the management fee, (ii) the performance participation allocation, (iii) the servicing fee, (iv) the distribution fee, (v) asset or entity level expenses, (vi) brokerage costs or other investment-related out-of-pocket expenses, including with respect to unconsummated transactions, (vii) dividend/interest payments (including any dividend payments, interest expenses, commitment fees, other expenses related to any leverage incurred by the Company), (viii) taxes, (ix) ordinary corporate operating expenses of the Company (including costs and expenses related to hiring, retaining, and compensating employees and officers of the Company), (x) certain insurance costs and (xi) extraordinary expenses (as determined in the sole discretion of the Manager). 
 The Expense Limitation Agreement will be in effect through and including December 31, 2023, but may be renewed by the mutual agreement of the Manager and the Company for successive terms. 
 As of December 31, 2022, management believes that it is not probable for the Company to be required to reimburse the expenses waived by the Manager. 
 
 4. 
 64 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 The Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures (as that term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the Company s reports under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, and summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. Any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. An evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K was made under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. Based upon this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (a) are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is timely recorded, processed, summarized and reported and (b) include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Changes in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during our most recent quarter, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include a report of management s assessment regarding internal controls over financial reporting or an attestation report of the Company s registered public accounting firm due to a transition period established by rules of the SEC for newly public companies. 
 
 Limitations on the Effectiveness of Controls 
 
 Any control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can only provide reasonable (but not absolute) assurance that its objectives will be met. Furthermore, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 Global Custody Agreement 
 
 On March 21, 2023, the Company entered into a Custody Agreement (the Global Custody Agreement with The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, National Association, as Custodian (the Global Custodian ). 
 
 Pursuant to the Global Custody Agreement, the Global Custodian shall maintain custody of cash and securities deposited by the Company. The Company shall pay the Global Custodian fees for such services as may be agreed upon from time to time during the term of the agreement, as well as reimbursement of certain expenses. The Global Custody Agreement will continue in effect unless the Company provides the Global Custodian 30 days written notice of termination or the Global Custodian provides the Company 90 days written notice of termination. 
 
 The foregoing description of the material terms of the Global Custody Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Global Custody Agreement, which is filed herewith as Exhibit 10.4 and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Custody Agreement 
 65 

Table of Contents 

On March 23, 2023, the Company and the Operating Subsidiaries (collectively, the Customers entered into a Custody Agreement (the Custody Agreement with The Bank of New York Mellon, as Custodian (the Custodian ). 
 
 Pursuant to the Custody Agreement, the Custodian shall maintain custody of cash and securities deposited by the Customers. The Customers shall pay the Custodian fees for such services as may be agreed upon from time to time during the term of the agreement, as well as reimbursement of certain expenses. The Custody Agreement will commence on May 1, 2023, and will continue in effect unless the Company or Custodian provides a written notice of termination to the other party at least 90 days prior to the termination. 
 
 The foregoing description of the material terms of the Custody Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Custody Agreement, which is filed herewith as Exhibit 10.5 and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Administrative Services Agreement 
 
 On March 23, 2023, the Company and the Operating Subsidiaries entered into an Administrative Services Agreement (the Administrative Agreement with The Bank of New York Mellon, as Administrator (the Administrator ). Pursuant to the Administrative Agreement, the Administrator shall provide services necessary for the operation and administration of the Company (but excluding services relating to the management, investment advisory or sub-advisory functions of the Company, distribution of Shares, or services normally performed by the Company s respective counsel or independent auditors), including establishing and maintaining accounts for the Company, preparing and maintaining customary financial and accounting books and records of the Company, acting as liaison with the Company s independent public accountants, computing the net asset value of the Company s Shares and other services. The Company shall pay the Administrator fees, charges and expenses for such services as may be agreed upon from time to time during the term of the agreement, including asset-based fees, per-Class fees and an annual minimum fee, as well as reimbursement of certain expenses. The term of the Administrative Agreement will commence on May 1, 2023 and be for a period of one year, subject to automatic renewal for successive one-year periods unless the Company or Administrator provide a notice in writing specifying the date of such termination, which date shall be not less than 90 days after the date of the giving of such notice. The Company expects to pay an estimated 500,000 to 750,000 in fees to the Administrator under the Administrative Agreement during the first one-year term. 
 
 The Company shall reimburse the Administrator for all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrator in connection with the performance of the Administrative Agreement, as well as any fees, costs and expenses permitted to be procured for the Company by the Administrator pursuant to the Administrative Agreement. 
 
 The foregoing description of the material terms of the Administrative Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Administrative Agreement, which is filed herewith as Exhibit 10.6 and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdiction that Prevent Inspections. 
 
 None. 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 Part III. 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 The Company s Board has overall responsibility for the management and supervision of the business operations of the Company. To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Board may delegate any of its rights, powers and authority to, among others, the officers of the Company, the Executive Committee, any committee of the Board or the Manager. Our Board consists of six members, three of whom are independent directors, as such term is defined in Section 303A.02 of 
 the New York Stock Exchange Listed Company Manual. 
 
 Board of Directors and Executive Officers 
 
 Information regarding the Board and executive officers are set forth below: 
 Name Year of Birth Position Position Held Since Non-Independent Directors: Raj Agrawal 1973 Chairman of the Board 2022 Tara Davies 1977 Director 2022 James Cunningham 1978 Director 2022 Independent Directors: Joshua Mills 1971 Director 2022 Phillip Nolan 1953 Director 2022 John W. Somerhalder II 1956 Director 2022 Executive Officers: Tara Davies 1977 Chief Executive Officer 2022 James Cunningham 1978 Chief Investment Officer 2022 Michael Ryan 1975 Chief Operating Officer 2022 
 Each director will hold office until his or her death, resignation, removal or disqualification. The address for each of our directors is c/o 30 Hudson Yards, New York, New York 10001. 
 
 Each officer holds office at the pleasure of the Board until his or her successor is duly appointed and qualified. 
 
 Biographical Information 
 
 Directors 
 
 Our directors have been divided into two groups Independent Directors and Non-Independent Directors. 
 
 Non-Independent Directors 
 
 Raj Agrawal joined KKR in 2006, has 25 years of experience and is our Chairman of the Board. He is the Global Head of KKR s Infrastructure business and helps oversee KKR s Impact and Energy investing businesses. He is Chairman of the Infrastructure Investment Committee and serves as a member of the Infrastructure Portfolio Management Committee, the Impact Investment Committee and the Energy Investment Committee. Prior to joining KKR, he was a vice president with Warburg Pincus, where he was involved in the execution and oversight of a number of investments in the energy and infrastructure sector. Mr. Agrawal s prior experience also includes Thayer Capital Partners, where he played a role in the Firm s business and manufacturing services investments, and McKinsey Company, where he provided strategic, merger, and acquisition advice to clients in a variety of industries. He holds a B.A., Honors and Distinction, Phi Beta Kappa, from Stanford University and an M.B.A., Arjay Miller Scholar, from the Stanford University Graduate School of Business. 
 
 Tara Davies joined KKR in 2016, is our CEO and a director of K-INFRA, and serves as KKR s Global Head of Core Infrastructure and Co-Head of European Infrastructure. Ms. Davies also sits on the board of the Global Infrastructure Investor Association, an association that promotes private investment in infrastructure. Ms. Davies has spent over 20 years in the global infrastructure industry working in both Sydney and London. Prior to joining KKR, she was a senior managing 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 director at Macquarie Group. Ms. Davies began her career at Price Waterhouse and is a qualified Chartered Accountant. She holds a Bachelor of Commerce degree from the University of Sydney. 
 
 James Cunningham joined KKR in 2017, is our CIO and is a director of K-INFRA, and a KKR Partner on the Infrastructure team. Prior to joining Denham Capital, Mr. Cunningham was a vice president with Goldman Sachs in the investment banking division and started his career with Accenture. Mr. Cunningham holds a B.A. in Business from Southwestern University and an M.B.A. from the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University. 
 
 Independent Directors 
 
 Joshua Mills served as General Counsel of Digital Realty Trust, Inc. from April 2005 until April 2022 when he departed from his then role as the company s Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary. Mr. Mills also led the sustainability and governance, risk and compliance programs at Digital Realty Trust. Mr. Mills is currently providing consulting services to Digital Realty Trust and expects to do so until April 2023. During the period of his consultancy with Digital Realty, Mr. Mills will recuse himself from any discussions and decisions concerning potential investments and transactions related to data centers. Previously, Mr. Mills was a corporate attorney with Latham Watkins LLP where his practice included mergers and acquisitions, corporate finance, and venture capital financing transactions, as well as general company representation. Prior to joining Latham Watkins, Mr. Mills served as Associate General Counsel for McAfee.com Corporation and as an associate with Shearman Sterling, LLP. Mr. Mills received a B.A. from the University of Washington and a J.D. from the University of California, Hastings College of the Law. 
 
 Philip Nolan is a Non-executive Chairman of both Covanta Europe, which owns and operates energy from waste plants in the UK and EU, and Associated British Ports. From February 2020 until March 2021, Mr. Nolan served as a Non-executive Chairman at Calisen plc, a company that supplies, finances and installs smart electricity meters. Prior to Calisen plc, he served in various roles with BG plc, including Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer with Transco plc. Mr. Nolan has served as a board member of companies in multiple industries, including banking, natural resources, infrastructure and telecommunications. He holds a BSc. and PhD from Geology Queens University Belfast and an M.B.A. from London Business School. 
 
 John W. Somerhalder II is currently the Board Chairman, Interim President and CEO of First Energy Corporation, an electric transmission, distribution and generation utility serving 6 million customers in 5 states. From March 2006 to December 2015, Mr. Somerhalder served as President and CEO of AGL Resources, serving over 4.5 million utility customers in seven states. He has also served on the boards of the Edison Electric Institute, the American Gas Association, and the Georgia Chamber of Commerce. Mr. Somerhalder previously served on the boards of CenterPoint Energy, Inc., 
 Gulfport Energy Corporation, Crestwood Equity Partners, Enable Midstream Partners, LP, and SunCoke Energy Partners, 
 L.P. Mr. Somerhalder holds a B.S. degree in chemical engineering from the University of Arizona. 
 
 Executive Officers 
 
 Tara Davies is the Chief Executive Officer of K-INFRA and a member of its Board. See Non-Independent Directors above for Ms. Davies biography. 
 
 James Cunningham is the Chief Investment Officer of K-INFRA and a member of its Board. See Non-Independent Directors above for Mr. Cunningham s biography. 
 
 Michael Ryan joined KKR in 2022, is our COO, and a Managing Director on KKR s Infrastructure team. Prior to joining KKR, Mr. Ryan was Head of Evergreen Portfolios at Hamilton Lane where he led the development and management of Hamilton Lane s open-ended private markets solutions. Prior to this role, he headed the Research group where his work informed portfolio construction, risk assessment and product structure across Hamilton Lane s portfolios. Prior to joining Hamilton Lane, Mr. Ryan was a principal at Capital Z Investment Partners and started his career in investment banking at Merrill Lynch. Mr. Ryan received a B.A. in Economics and Computer Science from Williams College and is a CFA Charterholder. 
 
 Leadership Structure and Oversight Responsibility 
 
 The Board has overall responsibility for the management and supervision of the business operations of the Company. To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Board may delegate any of its rights, powers and authority to, among others, the officers of the Company, the Executive Committee, any committee of the Board or the Manager. We intend to enter into 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 the Management Agreement pursuant to which the Manager, will manage the Company on a day-to-day basis. The Board is currently composed of six members, three of whom are Independent Directors. As described below, the Board has established an Audit Committee, and may establish ad hoc committees or working groups from time to time, to assist the Board and the Manager in fulfilling their oversight responsibilities. 
 
 Committees 
 
 The Board has formed an Audit Committee and plans to form a Repurchase Committee prior to the commencement of any repurchases of Shares by the Company and may form additional committees in the future. 
 
 Audit Committee 
 
 The Audit Committee is composed of Joshua Mills, Philip Nolan and John W. Somerhalder II, all of whom are Independent Directors. Joshua Mills serves as Chair of the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee members meet the current independence and experience requirements of Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange Act. In accordance with its written charter to be adopted by the Board, the Audit Committee (a) assists the Board s oversight of the integrity of our financial statements, the independent registered public accounting firm s qualifications and independence, our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements and the performance of our independent registered public accounting firm; (b) oversees the scope of the annual audit of our financial statements, the quality and objectivity of our financial statements, accounting and financial reporting policies and internal controls; (c) determines the selection, appointment, retention and termination of our independent registered public accounting firm, as well as approving the compensation; (d) pre-approves all audit and non-audit services provided to us by such independent registered public accounting firm; and (e) acts as a liaison between our independent registered public accounting firm and the Board. Prior to the issuance and sale of any Shares other than our outstanding Class G Shares held by KKR, our Board will identify one or more members of our Audit Committee that qualify as an audit committee financial expert within the meaning of Item 407(d)(5) of Regulation S-K. 
 
 Repurchase Committee 
 
 The Board plans to form a Repurchase Committee, which is expected to be composed of Tara Davies and James Cunningham. The responsibilities of the Repurchase Committee will include determining whether to accept the recommendation from the Manager with respect to quarterly tender offers and any other decisions related to share 
 repurchases. 
 
 Code of Ethics 
 
 We have a Code of Ethics that applies to all directors, officers and employees, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer and will be available on our website at www.kinfra.com. A copy of our Code of Ethics may also be obtained, free of charge, upon a request directed to KKR Infrastructure Conglomerate LLC, 30 Hudson Yards, New York, NY, Attention: Investor Relations. In accordance with, and to the extent required by the rules and regulations of the SEC, we intend to disclose any amendment to or waiver of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics on behalf of an executive officer or director either on our website or in a Current Report on Form 8-K filing. 
 69 

Table of Contents 

 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 Compensation of Executive Officers 
 
 We do not currently have any employees, but expect to hire certain employees once we commence operations. Our executive committee and corporate senior management team will be comprised of Company employees as well as employees of KKR that will be assigned or seconded to the Company. Services necessary for our business will generally be provided by individuals who are employees of the Manager, or its affiliates, pursuant to the terms of the Management Agreement, as applicable. Our day-to-day business operations will be managed by the Manager. Most of the services necessary for the sourcing and administration of our portfolio are provided by investment professionals employed by the Manager or its affiliates. 
 
 None of Tara Davies, James Cunningham and Michael Ryan will receive direct compensation from us. We will reimburse the Manager and/or their affiliates for Company expenses incurred on our behalf, which can include the compensation, overhead (including rent, office equipment and utilities) and other expenses incurred, charged or specifically attributed or allocated by the Manager and/or their affiliates in performing administrative and/or accounting services for the Company or any Infrastructure Asset (including but not limited to legal and compliance, finance, accounting, operations, investor relations, tax, valuation and internal audit personnel and other non-investment professionals that provide services to the Company). Certain executive officers and Non-Independent Directors, through their financial interests in the Company, are entitled to a portion of the profits earned by the Company, which includes any fees, including compensation discussed herein, payable to the Company under the terms of the Management Agreement, as applicable, less expenses incurred by the Manager in performing its services under the Management Agreement, as applicable. See Item 1. Business Management Agreement and Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence . 
 
 Compensation of Directors 
 
 No compensation is paid to our directors who are not Independent Directors. We expect to pay each Independent Director: (i) 150,000 (payable in 100,000 in cash and 50,000 in Class F Shares) per year (prorated for any partial year) and (ii) an additional cash retainer of 10,000 per year for the Chair of the Audit Committee. We are also authorized to pay the reasonable out-of-pocket expenses of each Independent Director incurred by such director in connection with the fulfillment of his or her duties as an Independent Director. 
 
 The following table sets forth the compensation paid by us to our directors for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022: 
 Name Fees Earned or Paid in Cash(1) Total Joshua Mills 17,973 17,973 Phillip Nolan 16,849 16,849 John W. Somerhalder II 16,849 16,849 
 ______________ 
 (1) Amounts reported under the Fees Earned or Paid in Cash column reflects the pro-rated portion of their annual retainer for service on the Board of Directors earned in fiscal year 2022. 
 70 

Table of Contents 

 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 The following table sets forth, as of the date of this report, information with respect to the beneficial ownership of our shares by: 
 
 each person known to us to beneficially own more than 5 of any class of the outstanding shares; 
 
 each of our directors, director nominees and named executive officers; and 
 
 all of our directors and executive officers as a group. 
 
 We have issued 40 Class G Shares to KKR Group Asset Holdings III L.P., an affiliate of the Manager. Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC and includes voting or investment power with respect to the securities. There are no shares subject to options that are currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of the offering. Unless otherwise indicated, all shares are owned directly, and the indicated person has sole voting and investment power. 
 Name and Address (1) 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned Percent of Shares Beneficially Owned KKR Group Asset Holdings III L.P. (2) 
 40 100 
 ______________ 
 (1) Unless otherwise indicated, the address of each beneficial owner is c/o KKR DAV Manager LLC, 30 Hudson Yards, New York, NY 10001. 
 
 (2) KKR Group Asset Holdings III L.P. is a wholly owned subsidiary of KKR Co. Inc. 
 71 

Table of Contents 

 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 
 Transactions with Related Persons, Promoters and Certain Control Persons 
 
 Management Agreement 
 
 The Company and the Manager intend to enter into the Management Agreement pursuant to which the Manager is entitled to receive the Management Fee. 
 
 The Management Fee is payable monthly in arrears in an amount equal to (i)1.25 per annum of the month-end NAV attributable to Class D Shares, Class I Shares and Class S Shares, (ii) 1.00 per annum of the month-end NAV attributable to Class U Shares and Class R Shares for a 60-month period following the Initial Offering (provided that such Class U Shares and Class R Shares are held in connection with an intermediary s aggregate subscription for at least 100 million during the 12-month period following the Initial Offering and 1.25 per annum of the month-end NAV attributable to Class U Shares and Class R Shares thereafter, each before giving effect to any accruals for the Management Fee, the Distribution Fee, the Servicing Fee, the Performance Participation Allocation, redemptions for that month, any distributions without taking into account any taxes (whether paid, payable, accrued or otherwise) of any intermediate entity through which the Company indirectly invests in an Infrastructure Asset, as determined in the good faith judgment of the Manager. 
 
 The Management Fee may be paid, at the Manager s election, in cash or Class F Shares. To the extent that the Manager elects to receive any portion of its Management Fee or KKR elects to receive any portion of the Performance Participation Allocation in Class F Shares, the Company may repurchase such Class F Shares from the Manager or KKR, as applicable, at a later date. Any such Class F Shares repurchased from the Manager or KKR will be subject to the terms and repurchase limits of our quarterly tender offers. See Item 1. Business Share Repurchases Quarterly Tender Offers . 
 
 Additionally, pursuant to an Expense Limitation and Reimbursement Agreement, through and including December 31, 2023, the Manager has agreed to forgo an amount of its monthly Management Fee and/or pay, absorb or reimburse certain expenses of the Company through and including December 31, 2023, to the extent necessary so that, for any fiscal year, the Company s annual Specified Expenses do not exceed 0.60 of the Company s net assets as of the end of each calendar month. See Item 7. Financial Information Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Results of Operations Expenses Expense Limitation and Reimbursement Agreement . 
 
 Management Fee Offset 
 
 KKR or its affiliates (and in the case of directors fees, KKR executives) are expected to be paid transaction fees and monitoring fees in connection with the acquisition, ownership, control and exit of Infrastructure Assets, and KKR or its affiliates are expected to be entitled to receive break-up or similar fees in connection with unconsummated transactions Other Fees ). 
 
 The Management Fee payable in any monthly period shall be reduced by an amount equal to any Other Fees allocable to Investor Shares incurred by the Company, an Operating Subsidiary, a subsidiary or a prospective portfolio company during the immediately preceding monthly period, as reduced by any Broken Deal Expenses previously incurred (but only to the extent such Broken Deal Expenses have not already been netted against Other Fees or reimbursed by third parties or the Company). To the extent that the amount of Broken Deal Expenses allocable to Investor Shares incurred during a period exceeds the amount of Other Fees allocable to Investor Shares received during such period, the Manager may, in its sole discretion, apply such excess amount of Broken Deal Expenses against Other Fees (as described in the preceding sentence) in subsequent periods or seek direct reimbursement of such amounts from the Company as a Company Expense. In the event that the amount of fee reduction referred to in the preceding sentences exceeds the Management Fee for such monthly period, such excess shall be carried forward to reduce the Management Fee payable in following monthly periods. To the extent such excess fee reduction remains unapplied upon the Company s final distribution of assets, the Manager or an affiliate thereof shall retain such unapplied amount. For the avoidance of doubt, KKR Capstone fees, service costs, asset leasing fees, loan servicing fees and regulated broker dealer fees do not constitute Other Fees. 
 
 If the Company and more than one KKR Vehicle (or a person whose investment was offered, sold, placed, underwritten, syndicated, solicited or otherwise arranged by a regulated broker-dealer) has an ownership interest in any Infrastructure Asset paying transaction or monitoring fees, or if more than one KKR Vehicle (or a person whose investment was offered, sold, placed, underwritten, syndicated, solicited or otherwise arranged by a regulated broker-dealer) would have 
 72 

Table of Contents 

 participated in an unconsummated acquisition of an Infrastructure Asset generating Other Fees, then only such portion of the Other Fees that is fairly allocable to the Company based on the nature of the transaction giving rise to such Other Fees will be included in the Management Fee offset described above. 
 
 KKR and its affiliates are also expected to receive customary fees at market rates for providing capital markets 
 services to or in respect of Infrastructure Assets owned and controlled by the Company, including in connection with securities, financing, derivative, hedging or M A transactions, and such fees will not be credited against Management Fees in the manner contemplated above. In addition, KKR and its affiliates are also expected to receive customary fees at market rates for providing operational consulting services to or in respect of actual or potential Infrastructure Assets owned and controlled by the Company, and such fees will not be credited against Management Fees in the manner contemplated above. Likewise, directors fees paid to KKR Capstone or Capstone Executives will not be credited against Management Fees in the manner contemplated above. Senior Advisors, Executive Advisors, Industry Advisors, KKR Advisors and other consultants of KKR, none of which are affiliates of KKR, are also expected to receive consulting fees, directors fees, sourcing fees or other fees, as applicable, at market rates, and such fees will continue to be charged and will not be credited against Management Fees in the manner contemplated above even if any of them were to become a subsidiary or an affiliate of KKR. 
 
 KKR and its affiliates are also expected to receive amounts from Infrastructure Assets owned and controlled by the Company or from entities through which the Company owns or and operates an Infrastructure Asset for local administration or management services related to such Infrastructure Asset that (i) are determined by the Manager, acting in good faith, to be reasonably necessary in order to achieve beneficial legal, tax or regulatory treatment with respect to the relevant Infrastructure Asset and (ii) would otherwise be payable to a third party for such services. KKR and its affiliates may in addition receive fees or other payments from Infrastructure Assets owned and controlled by the Company or from entities through which the Company owns and operates Infrastructure Assets for loan administration services, loan or asset resolution, restructuring and reconstruction and other similar services (including sourcing) provided or performed by asset reconstruction companies, other asset recovery firms, loan administration companies or similar companies affiliated with KKR. 
 
 Further, the Company, its Infrastructure Assets or entities through which the Company owns and operates any Infrastructure Assets may retain service providers affiliated with KKR or in which KKR or its affiliate has an interest to provide necessary services for fees, including assistance with sourcing of leasing opportunities and negotiating of financing relating thereto as well as repurposing and maintenance services Asset Leasing Services ). Asset Leasing Services will include any such services that are performed in connection with aircraft leasing investments. No amount of fees or compensation relating to loan administration and similar services or local administration or management services described above, Asset Leasing Services received by any affiliated or other service providers in which KKR has a proprietary interest will be credited against Management Fees in the manner contemplated above. 
 
 Potential Conflicts of Interest 
 
 Overview 
 
 Actual, potential or apparent conflicts of interest will arise as a result of the relationships between the Company, KKR Co. Inc. (the KKR Public Company and its subsidiaries (collectively, as used under this Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence Potential Conflicts of Interest , the KKR Group (including, for the purposes of this Potential Conflicts of Interest section, KKR, the Manager, KCM, KKR Capstone, KKR Credit KKR Credit and any affiliates of the foregoing that provide general partner and/or advisory services to KKR Vehicles) and investment funds, investment vehicles and accounts, including proprietary vehicles and accounts, managed, sponsored, advised by and/or for the benefit of certain members of the KKR Group, on the one hand, and the Company, on the other. The KKR Group is a global investment management firm and, as such, the KKR Group, KKR Personnel, Senior Advisors, Executive Advisors, Industry Advisors and KKR Advisors have multiple advisory, transactional, financial and other interests that conflict with those of the Company. The KKR Group, KKR Personnel, Senior Advisors, Executive Advisors, Industry Advisors, KKR Advisors and technical consultants Technical Consultants ), Capstone Executives could in the future engage in additional activities that result in additional conflicts of interest not addressed below. While the KKR Group has established procedures and policies for addressing conflicts of interest, there is no assurance that conflicts will be resolved in a manner favorable to the Company and any such conflicts and the manner in which they are addressed by the KKR Group could have an adverse effect on the Company. 
 
 73 

Table of Contents 

 The Manager may be subject to certain fiduciary and other related duties and obligations under U.S. federal securities laws and other applicable law that cannot be eliminated or modified in the LLC Agreement. Shareholders should note, however, that the LLC Agreement may contain provisions that reduce, eliminate or modify certain other fiduciary and other related duties and obligations to the Company and Shareholders that would apply in the absence of such provisions. In particular, the LLC Agreement is expected to contain certain provisions that may waive or consent to conduct on the part of the Manager that might not otherwise be permitted in the absence of such waivers or consents, or which could limit the remedies available to Shareholders with respect to breaches of such duties and obligations. If any matter arises that the Manager determines in its good faith judgment constitutes an actual conflict of interest, the Manager is permitted to take such actions as it determines in good faith are necessary or appropriate to mitigate the conflict (and upon taking such actions, the Manager will be relieved of any liability, including to the Company and the Shareholders, for such conflict and the management thereof to the fullest extent permitted by law and will be deemed to have satisfied its fiduciary and other related duties to the fullest extent permitted by law). Actions that could be taken by the Manager or its affiliates to mitigate a conflict include, by way of example and without limitation, (i) if applicable, handling the conflict as described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, (ii) obtaining from the Board (or the non-independent members of the Board) advice, waiver or consent as to the conflict, or acting in accordance with standards or procedures approved by the Board to address the conflict, (iii) disposing of the asset or security giving rise to the conflict of interest, (iv) disclosing the conflict to the Board, including non-independent members of the Board, as applicable, or Shareholders (including, without limitation, in distribution notices, financial statements, letters to Shareholders or other communications), (v) appointing an independent representative to act or provide consent with respect to the matter giving rise to the conflict of interest, (vi) validating the arms-length nature of the transaction by referencing participation by unaffiliated third parties or obtaining consent from the advisory committee (or equivalent governance committee) of a KKR Vehicle that is similarly situated with respect to the conflict as the Company, (vii) in the case of conflicts among clients, creating groups of personnel within KKR separated by information barriers (which can be expected to be temporary and limited purpose in nature), each of which would advise or represent one of the clients that has a conflicting position with other clients, (viii) implementing policies and procedures reasonably designed to mitigate the conflict of interest, or (ix) otherwise handling the conflict as determined appropriate by the Manager in its good faith reasonable discretion. 
 
 Certain activities of the KKR Group, KKR Personnel, Senior Advisors, Executive Advisors, Industry Advisors, KKR Advisors, Technical Consultants, Capstone Executives and KKR Vehicles will give rise to conflicts of interest that are relevant to the Company (for example, but without limitation, conflicts of interest relating to allocations of asset acquisition opportunities and subsequent dispositions). Form ADV Parts 2A and 2B maintained by KKR, copies of which are available upon request and will be furnished to each Shareholder prior to its purchase of Shares of the Company, also contains further information regarding conflicts of interest relating to the KKR Group that are relevant to the Company and KKR Vehicles. Investors are encouraged to read Form ADV Parts 2A and 2B maintained by KKR prior to investing. 
 
 There can be no assurance that all conflicts of interest will be resolved in a manner that is favorable to the Company. By acquiring Shares, each Shareholder will be deemed to have acknowledged, consented specifically to and waived any claim in respect of the existence of actual, apparent, and potential conflicts of interest relating to the KKR Group, including, without limitation, those described in this section and to the operation of the Company subject to those conflicts and to the actions taken by the KKR Group to address such conflicts. 
 
 Fees 
 
 The KKR Group generally expects to earn fees and/or other compensation from Infrastructure Assets in which,or holding vehicles and other entities through which the Company acquires such Infrastructure Assets and will at times also earn fees and/or other compensation directly from the Company and from purchasers, sellers and other parties to transactions in which the Company, directly or indirectly, participates as compensation for services, including advising on valuing, structuring, negotiating, monitoring and arranging financing for transactions. The KKR Group and its affiliates will provide a broad range of financial services to and with respect to the Company s, Infrastructure Assets and holding vehicles and other entities in or through which the Company acquires Infrastructure Assets. The KKR Group will act as underwriter, placement agent, syndication agent, financial advisor or a similar role in connection with the offering, placement or arrangement of securities, debt instruments or other financial products by Infrastructure Assets and other entities (including non-controlled entities) through which the Company acquires Infrastructure Assets, including in respect of portions of the capital structures of such Infrastructure Assets that are not acquired by the Company or as underwriter, placement agent, syndication agent, financial advisor or similar role in connection with the public or private sale of the Company s acquisitions of such Infrastructure Assets, and the KKR Group generally will be paid customary fees for such services to the extent permitted under the LLC Agreement (see also Broker-Dealer Activities below). In addition, the KKR Group (including lending vehicles) will provide strategic and capital markets advisory services to the Company, holding vehicles, 
 74 

Table of Contents 

 and other entities (including non-controlled entities) in or through which the Company acquires Infrastructure Assets, including in connection with mergers and acquisitions, recapitalizations, refinancings and restructurings, and will alone, or with other counterparties, which might include KKR Vehicles, third party banks or other unaffiliated finance providers, provide acquisition financing, lines of credit, bridge financing, hedging and other corporate lending or financing services and products to such entities and to the Company with respect to such entities. The KKR Group or entities in which the KKR Group has an interest could also receive fees and other compensation in respect of Asset Leasing Services provided to the Company, its Infrastructure Assets, or entities through which the Company makes acquisitions, as applicable. Members of the KKR Group will also provide syndication services to such entities, including in respect of co-investments in transactions participated in by the Company (see Co-Investments below). The Company will directly bear, or indirectly bear through Infrastructure Assets, holding vehicles and other entities in or through which it acquires Infrastructure Assets (including where such costs are shared between such entities and the Company), the foregoing fees paid to the KKR Group. 
 
 The KKR Group generally will be paid fees (which might include warrants or other securities in Infrastructure Assets or other entities for which transactions are being undertaken) and other compensation, which could be payable in cash or securities, for the foregoing services, including, but not limited to: (i) arrangement, underwriting, agency, financing, banking, consulting, placement, transaction, monitoring and financial advisory fees and commissions, service costs, interest and other compensation with respect to such activities; (ii) fees and carried interest earned with respect to co-investments put in place by the KKR Group or its affiliates; (iii) fees received by the members of Infrastructure Asset boards of directors and interim executives appointed by or on behalf of the KKR Group, the Company and/or KKR Vehicles; and (iv) any other fees specified in the LLC Agreement. 
 
 In addition, the KKR Group will enter into participation or other back-to-back arrangements with a bank or other third parties that provide the foregoing services and products directly to or with respect to the Company and its Infrastructure Assets, holding vehicles and other entities in or through which the Company acquires Infrastructure Assets. Under these arrangements, the KKR Group will agree to assume or perform some portion of the services or obligations undertaken by such third party, or to otherwise assume a portion of the third party s financial risk in respect of such services or products, and will receive fees from the third party in connection with such activities. These fees Indirect Fees could represent a specific percentage of the fees received by such third party directly from the Company or its Infrastructure Assets or holding entities, or such other amount as is negotiated and agreed by the KKR Group and such third party. Under such arrangements, although the KKR Group will not receive fees directly from the Company or its Infrastructure Assets, holding vehicles and other entities in or through which the Company acquires Infrastructure Assets, the KKR Group could be viewed as indirectly receiving such fees from the Company or its Infrastructure Assets or holding entities in consideration for services or products provided indirectly to the foregoing. The KKR Group has an incentive to select third parties that are likely to engage the KKR Group in such arrangements and pay Indirect Fees to the KKR Group. Any such Indirect Fees received by the KKR Group or its affiliates from or with respect to the Company s Infrastructure Assets will not be shared with the Company or offset against the Management Fees payable. 
 
 Monitoring fee agreements entered into by the KKR Group with portfolio companies are typically renewed automatically on an annual basis. A portfolio company s EBITDA (earnings before income, taxes, depreciation and amortization) is generally taken into account in determining the amount of the monitoring fee. Monitoring fees could also be based on a percentage of EBITDA. On the occurrence of initial public offerings, sales or other change of control events related to a portfolio company, the KKR Group is typically entitled to all unpaid monitoring fees plus any unreimbursed expenses plus the net present value of future monitoring fees that would otherwise be payable by a portfolio company (the NPV Payment ). The NPV Payment is based on the net present value of the monitoring fees payable over a future fixed period calculated using discount rates equal to the yield on U.S. Treasury securities of like maturity based on the dates fee payments would have been due. 
 
 For Infrastructure Assets of the Company, an NPV Payment will generally only be taken where the KKR Group expects to continue to provide ongoing services and advice to the Infrastructure Asset after there has been an initial public offering, sale or other change of control event.As such, an NPV Payment generally will only be taken if (i) the Company, KKR Vehicles, co-investors and the KKR Public Company s proprietary balance sheet (the Balance Sheet entities retain (directly or indirectly) 10 or more of the stock or other equity interests in the Infrastructure Asset (or the surviving entity) immediately following the relevant event, and (ii) a KKR or co-investor employee or designee serves or is expected to serve as a member of, or observer at, the board of directors or similar governing body of the Infrastructure Asset (or the surviving entity) (or in the absence of such service or expected service, the KKR Group retain the right to appoint or nominate such a director or observer) immediately following the relevant event. 
 
 75 

Table of Contents 

 For Infrastructure Assets of the Company, the fixed period of time used in the NPV Payment calculation described above generally will be the lesser of (i) the remaining term of the relevant monitoring agreement (the term for each monitoring agreement generally will be fixed as the end of the last year of the term for the flagship KKR fund for the deal) and (ii) three and a half years from the date of termination of the monitoring agreement (the three-and-a-half-year period approximates the average (mean and median) length of time that it took for KKR s recent mature private equity funds to dispose of Infrastructure Assets following an initial public offering or strategic sale where the fund continued to own securities, reflecting what KKR believes is a reasonable approximation for the average number of years during which KKR has historically remained actively involved with such companies). 
 
 By way of example and solely for illustrative purposes, assume KKR enters into a monitoring agreement with the Company s first Infrastructure Asset on June 30, 2021, under which KKR is entitled to a 1 million annual monitoring fee paid in quarterly installments and that the term of the monitoring agreement extends until December 31, 2032, which is the end of the final year of the term for the flagship KKR fund for the deal. The KKR Group controls 80 of the equity in the Infrastructure Asset, of which the Company accounts for 10 , KKR Vehicles account for 70 , and co-investors and KKR proprietary Balance Sheet entities account for 20 . The Infrastructure Asset holds an all primary initial public offering on June 30, 2026, at which time the monitoring agreement is terminated. The aggregate stake in the Infrastructure Asset controlled by the KKR Group immediately after the IPO is greater than 10 and held in the same proportion as the original investment (i.e., of the stake held by the KKR-related entities and co-investors, the Company accounts for 10 , the KKR Vehicles account for 70 and co-investors and KKR proprietary and Balance Sheet entities account for 20 ). An employee of the KKR Group serves as a member of the board of directors of the Infrastructure Asset immediately following the IPO. 
 
 Under the foregoing scenario, the 1 million annual monitoring fee 5 million of aggregate monitoring fees paid during the first five years of the monitoring agreement) would be allocated among the Company, the KKR Vehicles and co-investors and KKR proprietary Balance Sheet entities according to their respective share of the equity in the Infrastructure Asset controlled by the KKR Group. KKR Vehicles would be allocated 700,000 per year, or 3.5 million in aggregate over the five years prior to the IPO, the Company would be allocated 100,000 per year, or 0.5 million in aggregate over the five years prior to the IPO, and co-investors and KKR proprietary Balance Sheet entities would be allocated 200,000 per year, or 1.0 million in aggregate over the five years prior to the IPO. The KKR Group would also be entitled to receive an NPV Payment immediately before the IPO when the monitoring agreement is terminated on June 30, 2026. Since the remaining term of the monitoring agreement at the time of termination (six and a half years) exceeds the KKR Group s historical average hold period following an IPO or strategic sale where a fund continued to own securities (three and a half years), the future fixed period over which the NPV Payment is calculated would be three and a half years (July 1, 2026 through December 31, 2029). Based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve as of April 8, 2020, the yield for U.S. Treasury securities with a one-year maturity was 1.81 , the yield for U.S. Treasury securities with a two-year maturity was 2.53 , the yield for U.S. Treasury securities with a three-year maturity was 2.73 and the yield for U.S. Treasury securities with a five-year maturity was 2.76 . Using the yield for U.S. Treasury securities with a one-year maturity (presently 1.81 , but likely a different amount at a future date) for discounting the 1 million annual aggregate of four quarterly fees for July 1, 2026 through June 30, 2027 results in a net present value of 988,789. Using the yield for U.S. Treasury securities with a two-year maturity (presently 2.53 for discounting the 1 million annual aggregate of four quarterly fees for July 1, 2027 through June 30, 2028, results in a net present value of 959,869. Using the yield for U.S. Treasury securities with a three-year maturity (presently 2.73 for discounting the 1 million annual aggregate of four quarterly fees for July 1, 2028 through June 30, 2029 results in a net present value of 931,099. Using the yield for U.S. Treasury securities with a five-year maturity (presently 2.76 for discounting the 500,000 aggregate of two quarterly fees for July 1, 2029 through December 31, 2029 results in a net present value of 437,895. After adding those numbers up, the aggregate NPV Payment to which the KKR Group is entitled would be 3,317,652. This aggregate NPV Payment would then be allocated in the same way as the annual monitoring fees were allocated. The KKR Vehicles would be allocated 2,322,356, the Company would be allocated 331,765 and co-investors and KKR proprietary Balance Sheet entities would be allocated 663,530. 
 
 The aggregate amounts allocable to the KKR Vehicles, 5,944,070 in total, would, depending on the terms of the governing documents of such KKR Vehicles, either be offset, in whole or in part, against the management fees payable by such KKR Vehicles to the KKR Group (after repayment of Broken Deal Expenses, if applicable). The Company s allocable portion of the aggregate annual monitoring fees and the NPV Payment, 849,153 in total, would under the terms of the Company be a 100 offset against the delegate management fees payable by the Company to the KKR Group (after repayment of Broken Deal Expenses, if applicable). The amounts allocable to co-investors and KKR proprietary Balance Sheet entities, 1,698,306 in total, would be fully retained by the KKR Group. The amounts that are retained by the KKR Group in respect of KKR Vehicles (which could be the whole amount or just a portion), co-investors and KKR proprietary 
 76 

Table of Contents 

 Balance Sheet entities would not offset any management fees otherwise payable to the KKR Group, whether by the Company, KKR Vehicles or any other person. 
 
 The KKR Group receives transaction fees for the work performed by the KKR Group in structuring acquisitions of Infrastructure Assets or holding vehicles in or through which the Company acquires and with respect to significant transactions or exits for those Infrastructure Assets. Transaction fees are received in connection with the same Infrastructure Assets in respect of which payments under monitoring fee agreements are received. The KKR Group also receives break up or similar fees in connection with unconsummated or terminated portfolio transactions. The amount and timing of such fees are generally specified in the agreements relating to the relevant transaction, and such agreements could condition or limit such payments to the KKR Group. Transaction fees will be allocated among the Company, the KKR Vehicles, co-investors and KKR proprietary Balance Sheet entities in a similar manner as described above for monitoring fees and NPV Payments. 
 
 Members of the KKR Group engage in loan servicing and other administrative services provided to borrowers, loan syndicates and similar arrangements. One or more of such members of the KKR Group could provide these services to the Company s Infrastructure Assets and/or to lenders to such Infrastructure Assets and, if so, will receive fees in connection with such services. Any such loan servicing or administration or similar fees received by the KKR Group from or with respect to the Company s Infrastructure Assets will not be shared with the Company or offset against the Management Fees payable to the Manager. 
 
 Members of the KKR Group and/or their respective employees or agents could also receive service costs, namely amounts that the KKR Group and its affiliates receive from Infrastructure Assets of the Company or from entities through which the Company acquires an Infrastructure Asset or other asset for local administration or management services related to such Infrastructure Asset or entity or other asset that (i) are determined by the KKR Group to be reasonably necessary in order to achieve beneficial legal, tax or regulatory treatment with respect to the relevant Infrastructure Asset and (ii) would otherwise be payable to a third party for such services.Without limiting the foregoing, the Company could own an equity interest alongside KKR Vehicles in one or more dedicated service companies that operate in the jurisdiction of domicile of entities through which the Company acquires Infrastructure Assets. Any such dedicated service companies would employ people that provide local administration or management services directly to entities through which the Company acquires Infrastructure Assets or indirectly by seconding such people to be employees of such entities. It is not expected that any equity value will be ascribed to the Company s ownership of a dedicated service company. The costs and expenses of any such dedicated service company will be treated as Company expenses. The amount and timing of the payment of such amounts will be determined by the relevant legal, tax or regulatory treatment that the Company is seeking to achieve, having regard to the circumstances in which such amounts are paid and the jurisdiction of establishment of the relevant Infrastructure Asset or intermediary entity. Any such service costs received by the KKR Group with respect to the Company will not be shared with the Company or offset against Management Fees payable to the Manager or Performance Participation Allocation payable to KKR in respect of the Company. In certain circumstances for commercial or tax efficiencies, the KKR Group will utilize a Singapore holding structure for the Company s Asian Infrastructure Assets (if any). The Singapore holding structure will engage a member of the KKR Group to provide certain services to it and pay such member of the KKR Group remuneration for the provision of such services. Fees earned by such member of the KKR Group will accrue entirely to the benefit of its equity owners affiliated with the KKR Group, which will not include the Company. Moreover, the remuneration will not be credited against Management Fees. 
 
 In addition, the Company (or its Infrastructure Assets or entities through which the Company makes acquisitions of Infrastructure Assets) could retain service providers in which the KKR Group has an interest or which are members of the KKR Group to provide Asset Leasing Services relating to acquisition opportunities comprised of asset leasing arrangements, and such service providers will generally receive fees or other compensation for Asset Leasing Services at market rates in respect of the Company s acquisitions of Infrastructure Assets. Similarly, in connection with local governance, regulatory and/or tax considerations, it could be required or otherwise deemed advisable by the Manager that service providers that are affiliates of the KKR Group or in which the KKR Group or its affiliates has an interest provide services to regulated investment trusts or comparable regulated or unregulated investment vehicles through which the Company makes acquisitions of Infrastructure Assets in certain jurisdictions and such service providers will generally receive market rate fees in respect thereof. Any fees or other compensation relating to Asset Leasing Services received by any affiliated or other service providers in which the KKR Group has a proprietary interest with respect to the Company s acquisitions of Infrastructure Assets will not be shared with the Company or offset against the Management Fees payable to the Manager. 
 
 77 

Table of Contents 

 By way of example, the Company could establish platform arrangements and other contractual arrangements relating to aircraft leasing. As is customary with respect to aircraft leasing arrangements, a related platform vehicle could engage a service provider to provide services relating to such aircraft leases, including assistance with the sourcing of leasing opportunities and negotiating of financing relating thereto, as well as maintaining the underlying aircraft fleet and/or repurposing aircraft to meet the needs of lessors. Such service provider could be a third party or it could be an entity in which the KKR Group holds a proprietary interest including an economic control interest resulting in an affiliate relationship with the KKR Group. In addition to reimbursing the service provider for its out-of-pocket expenses, the platform arrangement will compensate the service provider for the provision of such Asset Leasing Services, which compensation could include an ongoing retainer and/or lease management fee as well as other one-off payments, bonuses or compensation depending on the nature of the services provided. An allocable portion of such compensation will be borne by the Company in the platform arrangement and the service provider will be entitled to retain the full amount of such fees and other compensation without any obligation to rebate or return any such amounts to the Company or any investor in the Company. Solely for illustrative purposes, assume there is a 100 fee paid to a member of the KKR Group that provides the foregoing Asset Leasing Services to a platform vehicle that the Company owns 50 of and the KKR Group owns 50 of the affiliated service provider. If that 100 were treated as if subject to the Management Fee offset (i.e., like a monitoring fee), then 100 of the Company s allocable share of the 100 (which would be 50) would be offset against its Management Fees. As fees for Asset Leasing Services are not treated as subject to the Management Fee offset, the 100 is kept by the affiliated service provider and there is no offset against the Company s Management Fees, and as the KKR Group owns 50 of the affiliated service provider, the KKR Group indirectly receives 50 of incremental fee income. 
 
 While fees and other compensation paid to the KKR Group are believed by the KKR Group to be reasonable and generally at market rates for the relevant activities, such compensation is generally determined through negotiations with related parties and not on an arm s-length basis. These considerations also apply in situations where the KKR Group receives Indirect Fees through third parties pursuant to participation or back-to-back arrangements, as described above. In connection with such arrangements, the Manager will make determinations of market rates based on its consideration of a number of factors, which are generally expected to include the Manager s experience with non-affiliated service providers as well as benchmarking data and other methodologies determined by the Manager to be appropriate under the circumstances. While the Manager and its affiliates will generally seek to obtain benchmarking data regarding the rates charged or quoted by third parties for similar services, it is possible that appropriate comparisons are not available for a number of reasons, including, for example, a lack of a substantial market of providers or users of such services or the confidential and/or bespoke nature of such services. Accordingly, any such market comparison efforts by the Manager could potentially result in inaccurate information regarding market terms for comparable services. Expenses to obtain benchmarking data will be borne by the relevant Infrastructure Asset (and indirectly by the KKR funds, investment vehicles and accounts and/or parties participating in the relevant transactions, including the Company) or directly by the Company and/or such KKR Vehicles, investment vehicles and accounts that invest and/or other parties. 
 
 Except with respect to Other Fees (which do not include fees of KCM, KKR Capstone, Senior Advisors, Executive Advisors, Industry Advisors, KKR Advisors or Technical Consultants or other fees paid to the KKR Group for services described herein, such as service costs, asset leasing fees and loan servicing or administration fees) as provided under the LLC Agreement, none of the fees charged by the KKR Group for any of the foregoing services will be shared with the Company or offset against the Management Fees payable to the Manager. Accordingly, investors will not receive any benefit from such fees. The fee potential inherent in a particular acquisition or transaction could be viewed as an incentive for the KKR Group to seek to refer, allocate or recommend an acquisition of an Infrastructure Asset or transaction to the Company (see No Assurance of Ability to Participate in Acquisition Opportunities; Relationship with KKR, its affiliates and KKR Vehicles; Allocation of Acquisition Opportunities below). 
 
 KKR Capstone 
 
 The Company will directly bear, or indirectly bear through Infrastructure Assets, holding vehicles and other entities in or through which it acquires Infrastructure Assets (including where such costs are shared between such entities and the Company), the cost of any consulting services provided by KKR Capstone, which provides consulting services to the KKR Group, KKR Vehicles and certain Infrastructure Assets, holding companies and other entities in or through which the Company and KKR Vehicles manage and control or invest in, respectively, Infrastructure Assets. The KKR Group could in the future engage Technical Consultants in addition to KKR Capstone, including, but not limited to, for operational consulting, loan servicing, energy industry consulting and operating services and property management services in the real estate sector on terms substantially similar to those described herein with respect to KKR Capstone and the considerations discussed herein with respect to KKR Capstone will apply similarly to such other Technical Consultants. The Company 
 78 

Table of Contents 

 will directly bear, or indirectly bear through Infrastructure Assets, holding vehicles and other entities in or through which it acquires Infrastructure Assets (including where such costs are shared between such entities and the Company), the costs of operating and consulting services provided by such Technical Consultants. In addition, the KKR Group, the Company and/or KKR Vehicles will be responsible, directly or indirectly, for all or a portion of the general and administrative expenses (such as salaries, benefits and other overhead) of any such Technical Consultant (in addition to potential project-based compensation), particularly in cases where a Technical Consultant provides services exclusively to the KKR Group. The KKR Group will be conflicted in allocating such expenses among the Company and/or KKR Vehicles as the method of allocation could increase or decrease, potentially materially, the amount of expenses borne by the Company and/or KKR Vehicle. See also Expenses below. A Technical Consultant, such as a Technical Consultant exclusive to the KKR Group, will also hold itself out to the public as part of the KKR Group, including by use of KKR branding or other indicia that will appear as if the KKR Group controls and/or owns a given Technical Consultant. Notwithstanding the foregoing, so long as the KKR Group does not possess material voting or decision-making rights in respect of, or a sufficient equity interest in, the Technical Consultant such that, in either case, the KKR Group controls the Technical Consultant (or its business), no such Technical Consultant shall be treated as an affiliate of the KKR Group and, therefore, any compensation, which will be paid in cash, equity or in other forms, received by such a Technical Consultant will not be shared with the Company or offset against any Management Fees to the Manager. 
 
 KKR Capstone provides advisory services to portfolio companies that the KKR Group s investment executives could not otherwise provide. The KKR Group acquired KKR Capstone effective January 1, 2020 and KKR Capstone is owned and controlled by the KKR Group. Prior to that date, KKR Capstone was neither a subsidiary nor an affiliate of the KKR Group, though KKR Capstone had an exclusive relationship with the KKR Group and KKR Capstone provided services at the direction of the KKR Group. While KKR Capstone was unaffiliated with the KKR Group, it received services and support from the KKR Group which were generally provided on favorable or below market rates. For example, the KKR Group provided loans to KKR Capstone that had below market interest rates and no stated payment schedule, provided administrative services to KKR Capstone at below market rates, entered into arrangements with KKR Capstone that provide for below market rent and allowed KKR Capstone to participate in the KKR Group s insurance policies and employee benefit plans without passing through the full cost of the coverage to KKR Capstone. These arrangements, plus other favorable services and support provided by the KKR Group to KKR Capstone, will continue during the life of the Company. 
 
 Capstone Executives are expected to receive compensation in the form of (i) an annual salary; (ii) a discretionary performance-related bonus; (iii) grants of equity in one or more of the members of the KKR Group (including equity awards from the KKR Public Company, which has listed certain securities on the New York Stock Exchange), (iv) a portion of the carried interest distributions (or performance allocation payments) received by the Manager or the general partners of KKR Vehicles that are part of the KKR Group s carry pool and/or (v) a profits interest in individual portfolio companies or assets of KKR Vehicles and, potentially, the Company. The fees paid to KKR Capstone by portfolio companies, the Company and KKR funds are designed to cover the costs of KKR Capstone s business, the majority of which are compensation costs for Capstone Executives. Historically, KKR Capstone fees have only covered the annual salary and bonus paid to Capstone Executives while the other components of the typical compensation package for a Capstone Executive have been borne by the KKR Group. In the future, it could be that the additional components of the typical compensation package borne by the KKR Group (i.e., equity grants in members of the KKR Group, carried interest awards and profits interests) are factored into the fees that KKR Capstone charges to portfolio companies, the Company or KKR funds such that those costs are passed on to portfolio companies, the Company and KKR funds. Capstone Executives could serve on the boards of directors of the Company s Infrastructure Assets and in such cases will generally receive directors fees and other compensation (including in the form of fixed and incentive compensation) in connection therewith from such Infrastructure Assets. They also serve from time to time as interim executives of portfolio companies and receive compensation in connection therewith.Any such compensation, which could be paid in cash or equity, received by Capstone Executives will not be shared with the Company or offset against Management Fees payable to the Manager. 
 
 Other companies provide similar services as KKR Capstone and other Technical Consultants, but they are less customized to the KKR Group s business and are not exclusive to the KKR Group and its portfolio companies. In addition, KKR Capstone is often involved in due diligence in connection with KKR s investment sourcing. Fees and compensation received by KKR Capstone will be paid by the Company and not shared with the Company or offset against the Company s management fees (or performance payments) payable by the Company. In addition, it is expected that fees and compensation received by Technical Consultants will be charged and will not be shared with the Company or offset against Management Fees payable to the Manager, even if any Technical Consultant were to become a member of the KKR Group. 
 79 

Table of Contents 

Generally, KKR Capstone has master consulting agreements in place with KKR for due diligence work and other projects on behalf of KKR Vehicles, including, potentially, the Company, and they from time to time enter into engagement letters with portfolio companies, holding companies and other entities for consulting services provided to such entities. KKR Capstone also performs scoping work on behalf of KKR Vehicles, including, potentially, the Company, in order to evaluate the potential for consulting or similar arrangements with existing portfolio companies and related operational changes and improvements. Under those agreements and engagement letters, KKR Capstone is generally entitled to fees, other compensation and expense reimbursement (outside of the United States, expenses could be determined as a fixed percentage of KKR Capstone s fee for a specific engagement). While such fees and reimbursable expenses and other compensation paid to KKR Capstone is believed by KKR to be reasonable and generally at market rates for the relevant activities, such compensation is not negotiated at arm s length and from time to time could be in excess of fees, reimbursable expenses or other compensation that would be charged by comparable third parties. 
 
 The quantum of fees and reimbursable expenses payable to KKR Capstone borne by the Company will at times depend in part upon which entity in the relevant structure has agreed to pay the relevant costs to KKR Capstone. For example, if the relevant Infrastructure Asset has agreed to pay such costs, then generally the equity owners of the Infrastructure Asset, including the Company, will indirectly bear their portion of such costs, whereas if a holding vehicle through which the Company (but not all of the equity owners of the Infrastructure Asset) invests pays such costs, then the Shareholders who invest through the relevant holding vehicle, including the Company, will bear such costs. This will result in the Company and any participating KKR Vehicles bearing a greater portion of the costs of KKR Capstone or Technical Consultants than would be the case if such costs were paid by the relevant Infrastructure Asset. If an Infrastructure Asset declines to pay for services rendered by KKR Capstone that the Manager believes benefited the Company, then the Company could be charged for such services, which will also result in the Company bearing more of such expenses than if paid by the Infrastructure Asset. KKR Capstone and Technical Consultants fees and reimbursable expenses related to due diligence are generally either capitalized as part of the acquisition price of the relevant Infrastructure Asset for consummated transactions (but only to the extent not reimbursed by a third party) or treated as Broken Deal Expenses for transactions that are not consummated. KKR could engage KKR Capstone (and other Technical Consultants) on behalf of the Company (and KKR Vehicles, as applicable) for scoping work to evaluate the potential for consulting or similar engagements with the Company s existing Infrastructure Assets, and the associated fees and reimbursable expenses for such scoping work will be treated as Company expenses. Similar considerations are expected to apply to the fees and expenses of any other Technical Consultants engaged in respect of the Company, its strategy or Infrastructure Assets. 
 
 Infrastructure Assets of the Company could potentially be counterparties to or participants in agreements, transactions or other arrangements with portfolio companies of KKR Vehicles or the KKR Group (for example, an Infrastructure Asset of the Company could retain a portfolio company of a KKR Vehicle to provide services or could acquire an asset from such portfolio company). Generally, transactions between Infrastructure Assets of the Company and portfolio companies of KKR Vehicles (or the KKR Group) would not give rise to a conflict of interest as these transactions are typically negotiated between members of management of the portfolio companies that are independent of the KKR Group and without the participation of the members of the KKR Group. Where the KKR Group determines that there is a conflict, including possibly because members of management are not sufficiently independent of the KKR Group, the KKR Group will take actions to resolve the conflict, in accordance with its established procedures and policies for addressing conflicts, including potentially having other independent parties approve the transaction. 
 
 Additionally, certain of these agreements, transactions and arrangements among portfolio companies involve fees, servicing payments, rebates and/or other benefits to the KKR Group (including KKR Capstone). For example, the KKR Group encourages portfolio companies to enter into agreements regarding group procurement and/or vendor discounts. The KKR Group (including KKR Capstone) could also participate in these agreements and potentially realize better pricing or discounts as a result of the participation of the KKR Group or its portfolio companies. Certain of those agreements provide for commissions or similar payments and/or discounts or rebates to be paid to a member of the KKR Group (including KKR Capstone) or a portfolio company and such payments or discounts or rebates could also be made directly to a member of the KKR Group (or to portfolio companies held as investments by KKR Vehicles or the KKR Group). Under these arrangements, a particular member of the KKR Group (including such portfolio companies) could benefit to a greater degree than the other participants, and a member of the KKR Group, including the KKR funds, investment vehicles and accounts (which might or might not include the Company) that have an interest (including indirectly) in the portfolio company will receive a greater relative benefit from the arrangements than the KKR funds, investment vehicles or accounts that do not own an interest therein. Fees and compensation received by KKR Capstone and its executives in relation to the foregoing will not be shared with the Company or offset against Management Fees payable to the Manager (see 
 80 

Table of Contents 

 Expenses below for a discussion of the allocation of fees and expenses of KKR Capstone). Similar arrangements could be put in place with respect to other Technical Consultants. 
 
 Senior Advisors, Executive Advisors and Industry Advisors 
 
 The Company will also directly bear, or indirectly bear through Infrastructure Assets, holding vehicles and other entities in or through which it acquires Infrastructure Assets, the costs, if any, of consulting services provided by KKR s Senior Advisors, Executive Advisors and Industry Advisors. KKR s Senior Advisors, Executive Advisors and Industry Advisors are typically senior business leaders who provide advisory and consulting services to the KKR Group, KKR Vehicles (including, potentially, the Company) and portfolio companies. They are consultants rather than employees of the KKR Group and are compensated for services provided to the KKR Group, KKR Vehicles (including, if applicable, the Company) and portfolio companies. 
 
 A significant portion of the compensation and reimbursement of expenses paid to Senior Advisors, Executive Advisors and Industry Advisors is allocated to KKR Vehicles, including, potentially, the Company. 
 
 Senior Advisors, Executive Advisors and Industry Advisors typically receive a financial package comprised of one or more of the following: (i) an annual fee; (ii) a discretionary performance-related bonus; (iii) a portion of the carried interest and/or incentive allocations allocable to the Manager or the general partners of KKR Vehicles that are part of the KKR Group s carry pool (iv) grants of equity in one or more of the members of the KKR Group (including equity awards from the KKR Public Company); and/or (v) an opportunity to invest in KKR Vehicles, including, potentially, the Company, or in specific transactions (including the Company s acquisitions of Infrastructure Assets) on a no-fee/no-carry basis. Senior Advisors, Executive Advisors and Industry Advisors are also entitled to reimbursement for certain costs and expenses, including travel, meals, lodging and reasonable and customary entertainment, that are incurred while providing services to the KKR Group, KKR Vehicles and portfolio companies. Fees and expenses received by Senior Advisors, Executive Advisors and Industry Advisors that are borne by the Company and/or its Infrastructure Assets could result in direct or indirect benefits to KKR, KKR Vehicles and/or portfolio companies of KKR Vehicles. Consequently, the KKR Group, KKR Vehicles and/or portfolio companies of KKR Vehicles could receive services without bearing associated costs. Conversely, the Company or its Infrastructure Assets or prospective Infrastructure Assets could also benefit from services where the associated fees and expenses are borne by the KKR Group, KKR Vehicles and/or portfolio companies of KKR Vehicles. 
 
 Cash compensation (i.e., annual fees and cash bonuses) and expense reimbursement paid to Senior Advisors, Executive Advisors and Industry Advisors will generally be allocated to the Company to the extent the services of such individuals relate to the Company s business strategy or otherwise to acquisitions or potential acquisitions of Infrastructure Assets. Allocations of such amounts are generally based on how each such person spends his or her time and the KKR Vehicles and other parties investing in the relevant strategy or investment. Senior Advisors, Executive Advisors, Industry Advisors and KKR Advisors could also serve on the boards of directors of the Company s Infrastructure Assets and otherwise serve directly as consultants to Infrastructure Assets and receive directors fees, consulting fees and other compensation (including in the form of fixed and incentive compensation) in connection therewith from the Infrastructure Assets. Any such compensation, which could be paid in cash or equity, or expense reimbursements received by the Senior Advisors, Executive Advisors, Industry Advisors or KKR Advisors will not be shared with the Company or offset against Management Fees payable to the Manager (see Expenses below for a discussion of the allocation of fees and expenses of Senior Advisors, Executive Advisors and Industry Advisors). 
 
 In addition to Senior Advisors, Executive Advisors, Industry Advisors and KKR Advisors, the KKR Group engages external consultants in connection with the identification of and due diligence with respect to potential Infrastructure Assets, commonly called deal consultants. While there are a variety of forms the engagements can take, they are generally entered into in connection with a specific transaction. Many times, the deal consultant will have sourced the transaction and will be paid a finder s fee as well as fees and expense reimbursement for due diligence work (either by means of a cash payment or through stock or equity grants in the relevant Infrastructure Asset). Other times, the deal consultant will be engaged in advance of identifying a specific Infrastructure Asset but with a view to finding an appropriate opportunity for the deal consultant to become an operating executive of an Infrastructure Asset. In those circumstances, the deal consultant will be paid fees and expense reimbursement for due diligence work (either by means of a cash payment or through stock or equity grants in the relevant Infrastructure Asset if the acquisition is consummated) and, if the acquisition is successfully consummated, the deal consultant would become an executive at the Infrastructure Asset, typically in the C-suite. Where such deal consultants are engaged in connection with a consummated acquisition of an Infrastructure Asset by the Company, the fees paid to such deal consultants and or the costs of any stock or equity grants made to such consultant will 
 81 

Table of Contents 

 be borne by the Company and any participating KKR Vehicles and, where a transaction is not consummated, the fees paid to such deal consultants will be borne by the Company and KKR Vehicles as Broken Deal Expenses. In addition, or as an alternative, to the consultant fees and reimbursement for due diligence work described above, such deal consultants could also receive (i) profits interests and other performance related compensation related to the relevant Infrastructure Asset; (ii) an opportunity to participate in any management equity plans of the relevant Infrastructure Asset; and/or (iii) an opportunity to invest in the relevant Infrastructure Asset on a no-fee/no-carry basis. 
 
 The KKR Group has entered into, and expects that in the future it will enter into, in cooperation with the Manager, strategic partnerships or other multi-strategy, multi-fund or multi-asset class arrangements with investors (or their affiliates) that commit capital to a range of the KKR Group s platform of products, investment ideas and asset classes (including the strategy of the Company). Such arrangements will generally (subject to applicable terms) include the KKR Group s granting certain preferential terms to such investors, including, for example, blended fee, management fee, carried interest and/or incentive allocation rates that are lower than those applicable to the Company when applied to the entire strategic partnership, altered liquidity rights (including, without limitation, altered redemption rights or altered rights to cancel remaining undrawn commitments), rights to participate in the investment review and evaluation process, access to senior managers at the Company s Infrastructure Assets and training by the KKR Group of personnel of the investor (or its affiliates). Where such Shareholders participate in the Company through dedicated investment vehicles or accounts as part of such arrangements (or an affiliate of any such investor participates in the Company), such vehicles and accounts (or affiliates, as applicable) will generally (subject to applicable terms) be granted terms, including Management Fees and the Performance Participation Allocation, and liquidity rights, that are more favorable than those applicable to other Shareholders. Where management fees, carried interest and/or incentive allocations are applicable at the level of such vehicles and accounts, such terms will generally (subject to applicable terms) include a waiver of Management Fees and/or the Performance Participation Allocation on their purchase of the Company s Shares. In addition, the KKR Group has entered into, and expects that in the future it will enter into, written contractual arrangements with investors (or affiliates thereof) that entitle such investors to economic benefits in respect of the Company and/or KKR Vehicles in consideration of the aggregate capital commitments made to KKR Vehicles by such investors (or their affiliates) in excess of a specified threshold and within a specified time period. Such arrangements will generally entitle such investors to receive preferential terms, including management fee and/or carried interest or incentive allocation rates that are lower than those that would apply to a purchase of the Company s Shares in the absence of such arrangements, as well as altered liquidity rights (including, without limitation, altered redemption rights or altered rights to cancel remaining undrawn commitments). The KKR Group has established and expects in the future to establish KKR Vehicles that pursue similar strategies to the Company and could permit such KKR Vehicles and any other investor to co-invest in some or all of the acquisitions of Infrastructure Assets made by the Company (see No Assurance of Ability to Participate in Acquisition Opportunities; Relationship with KKR, its Affiliates and KKR Vehicles; Allocation of Acquisition Opportunities and Co-Investments below). The terms applicable to such KKR Vehicles and co-investors, including management fees or carried interest, could be more favorable than those applicable to the Company (and could also include no management fees and/or carried interest). The foregoing preferential terms are unavailable to Shareholders in the Company that have not entered into comparable arrangements with the KKR Group. 
 
 The Company may enter into Joint Ventures with third-party managers or other persons with respect to the management of specified Infrastructure Assets or categories of Infrastructure Assets and in connection therewith, such third party managers or other persons may receive management fees and/or performance-based compensation such as a carried interest and/or incentive allocations in vehicles through which such Joint Ventures invest. The Company could also hold certain Infrastructure Assets through investment vehicles managed in whole or in part by third party managers or other persons where the Manager determines this is necessary or appropriate due to regulatory or other comparable reasons. Any compensation of such third party managers or of Joint Ventures partners, which will reduce the Company s returns from the relevant Infrastructure Assets, will not be shared with the Company or offset against Management Fees payable to the Manager. 
 
 The Management Fee is payable monthly in arrears in an amount equal to (i) 1.25 per annum of the month-end NAV attributable to Class D Shares, Class I Shares and Class S Shares, (ii) 1.00 per annum of the month-end NAV attributable to Class U Shares and Class R Shares for a 60-month period following the Initial Offering (provided that such Class U Shares and Class R Shares are held in connection with an intermediary s aggregate subscription for at least 100 million during the 12-month period following the Initial Offering and 1.25 per annum of the month-end NAV attributable to Class U Shares and Class R Shares thereafter, each before giving effect to any accruals for the Management Fee, the Distribution Fee, the Servicing Fee, the Performance Participation Allocation, redemptions for that month, any distributions and without taking into account any taxes (whether paid, payable, accrued or otherwise) of any intermediate entity through which the Company indirectly invests in an Infrastructure Asset, as determined in the good faith judgment of 
 82 

Table of Contents 

 the Manager. The Manager may elect to receive the Management Fee in cash or Class F Shares. The Management Fee will be payable to the Manager in consideration for its services. The calculation of the net assets includes certain subjective judgments with respect to estimating, for example, the value of the Company s Infrastructure Assets, income and liabilities (e.g., exclusion of potentially subjective or contingent liabilities that may arise on or subsequent to the sale of an Infrastructure Asset), and therefore, the net asset value may not correspond to realizable value upon a sale of those assets. The Manager may benefit from the Company retaining ownership of its assets at times when Shareholders may be better served by the sale or disposition of the Company s assets in order to avoid a reduction in its net asset value. If the Company s net asset value is calculated in a way that is not reflective of its actual net asset value, then the purchase price of Shares or the price paid for the repurchase of Shares on a given date may not accurately reflect the value of the Company, and such Shares may be worth less than the purchase price or more than the repurchase price. 
 
 KKR Capital Markets 
 
 The Company expects to engage KKR or affiliates of KKR to facilitate the arranging and servicing of financing to the Company. In particular, KCM will receive fees directly from the Company in connection with arranging any such financing for the Company, including financings involving affiliates of KKR. Such financings arranged by KCM can include the establishment of a credit facility for the Company as well as syndication and warehousing arrangements for the Company. These payments to KCM would not be shared with the Company or Shareholders and will benefit KKR directly and indirectly. Any amounts paid to KCM for such services by the Company as well as the expenses, charges and costs of any benchmarking, verification or other analysis related thereto, will be borne by the Company as Company Expenses, will not result in any offset to the Management Fee. Even if debt holders are responsible for such payments, the Company may indirectly bear some of the cost. KKR directly benefits from the engagement of KCM through the payment of fees, and there is therefore an inherent conflict of interest. When required, the prior consent of the Board (or the non-independent members thereof) will be sought in connection with the provision of such services and payment of such fees. 
 
 Other Fee Offset 
 
 With respect to the timing of any offsets to the Management Fee, offsets will generally be calculated on a cash-basis in the subscription period in which they are paid, with any offsetable fees and expenses earned during a particular month offset at the end of such month, with any additional offsetable fees and expenses in excess of the Management Fee for such period being deducted from the next month s Management Fees. Because each Shareholder s proportionate share of Shares will change over time, such Shareholder s Management Fees may be reduced by an amount greater or less than the amount by which its fees would have been reduced had the offset been calculated in a different month, potentially materially so. If permitted by applicable law and accounting standards, the Manager may determine to allocate certain offsetable fees and expenses over a longer period so that offsetable fees and expenses attributed to any particular month are not disproportionately benefitting Shareholders in one subscription period. 
 
 Fees paid by Holders of Certain Investor Shares 
 
 Shareholders (or their brokers on their behalf) may elect to purchase Investor Shares and in connection therewith, by virtue of holding Class S, Class U or Class D Shares, bear a larger amount of fees than Shareholders that are not holders of Class S, Class U or Class D Shares for reporting, administrative and other services provided by such Shareholder s registered investment adviser, adviser representative or other financial intermediary. Some or all of the Servicing Fee payable in respect of a holder of Class S, Class U or Class D Shares investment may be allocated to such Shareholder s representative at the registered investment adviser or broker-dealer through which such Shareholder was placed. Any amounts allocated in accordance with the foregoing sentence will compensate such registered investment adviser or broker-dealer representative for reporting, administrative and other services provided to a Shareholder by such representative. The receipt of the Servicing Fee by a Shareholder s registered investment adviser or broker-dealer representative will result in a conflict of interest. 
 
 Loan Servicing and Asset Recovery Activities 
 
 The KKR Group will, from time to time, provide loan services to the Company and/or KKR Vehicles that invest in loan participations or to portfolio companies or other issuers in which they invest (including non-controlled issuers) or to lending syndicates in which they participate, and will generally be entitled to servicing fees and expense reimbursements for such activities. Such services are expected to include sourcing of loans, due diligence of loans and general servicing or administration services in respect of loan portfolios. In particular, the KKR Group broker-dealer has established a loan administration business pursuant to which it provides Administrator, collateral agent and other loan administration services 
 83 

Table of Contents 

 to borrowers and other portfolio companies and issuers in which the Company and/or KKR Vehicles could invest, particularly (but not only) where such broker-dealer is the lead or sole arranger in the relevant transaction, and will be entitled to servicing fees and expense reimbursements in respect of these activities. 
 
 In addition, the KKR Group has acquired an interest in an asset reconstruction company (an ARC in India which sources, services and/or resolves performing or non-performing loans and provides services relating to loan administration, loan or asset resolution, restructuring and reconstruction in India. The Company can invest in security receipts issued by special purpose trusts or similar vehicles ARC Portfolio Trusts established by the ARC acting as trustee and manager of the relevant ARC Portfolio Trust. Each such ARC Portfolio Trust will acquire nonperforming loans and / or other relevant assets that such ARC Portfolio Trust is permitted to invest in under applicable law. The ARC will typically be entitled to reimbursement of expenses and compensation for services rendered to an ARC Portfolio Trust, which will typically include an annual management fee based on the net asset value of the assets held by an ARC Portfolio Trust. Where the ARC provides work out and other similar services to an ARC Portfolio Trust, the ARC could also be entitled to performance fees or other performance-based compensation. Pursuant to applicable regulations in India, the ARC has been required to have a 15 interest in each ARC Portfolio Trust it establishes and services. Accordingly, the ARC will co-invest alongside the Company in all assets participated in by the Company through an ARC Portfolio Trust to the extent of such minimum required interest. All management fees, performance fees and other compensation charged to any ARC Portfolio Trust by the ARC, and any returns received by the ARC on its proprietary interest in any ARC Portfolio Trust, will be retained by the ARC, and the KKR Group, as a shareholder of the ARC, will receive a share of such compensation through its share of distributable profits received from the ARC, none of which will be shared with the Company or offset against the Company s Management Fees or Performance Participation Allocation payable to the Manager or KKR, as applicable, in respect of the Company. Accordingly, the Company will not receive any benefit from such share of such compensation earned by the KKR Group. The Company alone or together with KKR Vehicles and third-party investors could invest in security receipts issued by ARC Portfolio Trusts, which will use such proceeds to acquire the non-performing loans and/or other relevant assets. In addition, the ARC is permitted to provide services to ARC Portfolio Trusts in which neither the Company nor any KKR Vehicle invest. The ARC is not under any obligation to bring acquisition opportunities sourced by investment managers and other third parties that are not affiliated with the Manager to the Company or any KKR Vehicle. 
 
 While fees and other compensation paid to the ARC by any ARC Portfolio Trust in which the Company invests are generally expected by the Manager to be reasonable and generally charged at rates that are at or below market rates for the relevant services, such compensation will not in each case be negotiated on an arm s-length basis and from time to time could be in excess of fees, commission or other compensation that are charged by other, unaffiliated service providers. 
 Further, acquisition opportunities sourced by the ARCs could be offered by the ARC to the Company and KKR Vehicles which could give rise to other conflicts of interest that are relevant to the Company (for example, but without limitation, conflicts of interest relating to allocations of acquisition opportunities). The KKR Group could, in the future, acquire interests in other ARCs or comparable service providers in India or elsewhere, in which case, the above considerations are expected also to be applicable to any such service providers. 
 
 Platform Investments; Operating Partners 
 
 From time to time, the Company or the KKR Group will recruit an existing or newly formed management team to pursue a new platform opportunity expected to lead to the formation of a future Infrastructure Asset. In other cases, the Company or the KKR Group could form a new Infrastructure Asset and recruit an existing or newly formed management team to build the Infrastructure Asset through acquisitions and organic growth. Further, in order to augment the KKR Infrastructure Team s capabilities and diligence techniques and, in some instances, operate or service the Company s acquisitions, the KKR Group could partner with, including through Joint Ventures or by making acquisitions in, high-quality infrastructure operators with significant infrastructure expertise and the requisite skills to operate or service the Company s assets. Finally, the Company could retain third parties or members of the KKR Group to provide Asset Leasing Services relating to acquisition opportunities comprised of asset leasing arrangements, including aircraft leasing investments, high quality operators with significant expertise and the requisite skills to operate or service the Company s assets. 
 
 The structure of each platform Infrastructure Asset and the engagement of each operating partner will vary, including in respect of whether a management or operating team s services are exclusive to the platform and whether members of the management or operating team are employed directly by such platform or indirectly through a separate management company established to manage such platform, and such structures are subject to change throughout an asset s hold period, for example, in connection with potential restructurings, refinancings and/or dispositions. Members of the management or operating team for a platform investment will at times include former KKR Personnel, Executive Advisors, Industry Advisors, Senior Advisors, KKR Advisors and Capstone Executives. The members of the management team might be 
 84 

Table of Contents 

 selected because the Manager believes that they have particular expertise, capability or knowledge with respect to an actual or potential portfolio company or infrastructure sector or for regulatory reasons or to assist the Manager in building relationships that could be beneficial to the Company and that could create opportunities for future acquisitions of Infrastructure Assets. Although the Manager anticipates exercising influence over any platform investments, there could be situations where the Manager will have little influence over such management team with respect to the invested amounts, and there is no assurance that any such investment would benefit the Company, either economically or by achieving access to attractive future acquisition opportunities. 
 
 The management or operating team of a platform investment (or one or more members thereof) could also provide the same or similar services with respect to other platform investments of the Company and/or one or more KKR Vehicles (including predecessor funds and successor funds thereto) or provide the same or similar services for assets owned by third parties. KKR Vehicles could invest in platforms in which the Company is also invested. The Company could potentially realize a platform investment (in whole or in part) through sale of the platform or a disposition of assets held through the platform (including any management operating company), including to one or more KKR Vehicles or third parties. The provision of the foregoing services will not require the prior consent of the Board (or the non-independent members thereof) so long as such transactions are effected in accordance with the terms of the LLC Agreement. The services provided by the platform s management and operating team could potentially be similar to, and overlap with, services provided by the KKR Group or its affiliates to the Company or to KKR Vehicles, and the services could also be provided exclusively to the Infrastructure Asset. 
 
 As with the Company s other Infrastructure Assets, in respect of all platform arrangements, the Company will bear the expenses of the management team and/or Infrastructure Asset, as the case may be, including, for example, any overhead expenses, management fees or other fees, employee compensation, diligence expenses or other expenses in connection with backing the management team and/or the build out of the platform. Such expenses will be borne directly by the Company as Company expenses (or Broken Deal Expenses, if applicable) or indirectly as the Company bears the start-up and ongoing expenses of the newly formed platform. The compensation of management of a platform Infrastructure Asset will generally include management fees (or other fees, including, for example, origination fees) or interests in the profits of the Infrastructure Asset (or other entity in the holdings structure of the platform Infrastructure Asset), including profits realized in connection with the disposition of an asset and other performance-based compensation. Where the management or operating team of a platform Infrastructure Asset of the Company provides services that benefit KKR Vehicles, those KKR Vehicles will not necessarily bear their allocable share of platform related expenses, including compensation of management. Although it is possible that a platform Infrastructure Asset will be controlled by the Company, members of a management team will not be treated as affiliates of the Manager for purposes of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Accordingly, none of the compensation or expenses described above will be offset against any Management Fees or carried interest distributions payable to the Manager in respect of the Company. 
 
 With respect to operating partners, the KKR Group will generally retain, or otherwise enter into a Joint Ventures arrangement with, such operating partner on an ongoing basis through a consulting or Joint Ventures arrangement involving the payment of annual retainer fees. Further, such operating partner will typically receive success fees, performance-based compensation and other compensation for assistance provided by such operators in sourcing and diligencing acquisitions for the Company and KKR Vehicles. Such annual retainer fees, success fees, performance-based compensation and the other costs of retaining such operating partners would ordinarily be borne directly by the Company as fund expenses. To the extent that an operating partner is providing services on an exclusive basis to the KKR Group, or the Company acquires an interest in such operating partner, members of such operating partner will not be treated as affiliates of the Manager for purposes of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Accordingly, none of the compensation or expenses described above will be offset against any Management Fees or Performance Participation Allocation payable to the Manager or KKR in respect of the Company. Such operating partners (including operating partners in which the Company owns an interest) will generally operate assets on behalf of the Company as well as KKR Vehicles and could also operate assets for third parties. 
 
 For example, the KKR Group has entered into a consulting agreement with Water Capital Partners, LLC WCP who worked with the KKR Infrastructure Team in developing and performing due diligence on the previous water and wastewater concession investments that have since been exited and who continue to manage those concessions for the new owner as they did while those investments were owned by a KKR Vehicle. Under the consulting arrangement, WCP receives an annual retainer fee for assisting the KKR Group in sourcing and diligencing potential water, wastewater and waste investment opportunities in the United States. The foregoing annual retainer fee is allocated to and borne by KKR Vehicles that participate in the global infrastructure strategy. The Company will be allocated a portion of the annual retainer fee when it becomes operational. Under the consulting agreement,WCP could also be entitled to receive additional 
 85 

Table of Contents 

 success fees for their pre-closing work related to acquisitions consummated by the Company and KKR Vehicles and WCP could be retained to provide operational and administrative services in respect of such acquisitions, which would require the payment of additional compensation and could include equity-based consideration such as a promote. The foregoing success fees and additional compensation would be borne by the Company and KKR Vehicles. None of the compensation or expenses described above will be offset against any delegate management fees or carried interest distributions payable in respect of the Company. 
 
 Expenses 
 
 The Company will pay or otherwise bear all legal, accounting, and filing expenses incurred in connection with organizing and establishing the Company and the Manager, and the offering of Shares in the Company up to the amount indicated as a cap in the Expense Limitation and Reimbursement Agreement. See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Results of Operations Expenses Expense Limitation and Reimbursement Agreement . In addition, the Company will pay Broken Deal Expenses and all expenses related to the operation of the Company and its acquisition activities, as described in the LLC Agreement. As discussed in more detail below under Co-Investments, the Company is expected to participate in specific acquisitions together with one or more KKR Vehicles and could also co-invest with the KKR Group (investing for its own account through proprietary entities) and other Co-Investors. In addition, to the extent permitted under the LLC Agreement, the Company and KKR Vehicles are expected to invest in accordance with similar strategies in respect of one or more categories of Infrastructure Assets which the Company seeks to acquire. In particular, but without limitation, the Company is expected from time to time to invest alongside KKR Vehicles. The Manager, KKR and its affiliates will determine, in their discretion, the appropriate allocation of acquisition-related expenses, including Broken Deal Expenses incurred in respect of unconsummated acquisitions and expenses more generally relating to a particular business strategy, among the funds, vehicles and accounts participating or that would have participated in such acquisitions or that otherwise participate in the relevant business strategy, as applicable, which as discussed below, could result in the Company bearing more or less of these expenses than other participants or potential participants in the relevant acquisitions. 
 
 Out-of-pocket expenses associated with a completed acquisition made by the Company will from time to time be borne by the relevant Infrastructure Asset or a related investment vehicle through which the acquisition is made by the Company and capitalized as part of the acquisition price of the relevant transaction to the extent not reimbursed by a third party. As indicated above, where the relevant Infrastructure Asset bears such expenses, then each direct and indirect equity owner of the company will indirectly bear a portion of such expenses. In certain transactions, however, certain expenses, which could include fees and expenses payable to KKR Capstone (or other Technical Consultants), Senior Advisors, Executive Advisors, Industry Advisors and KKR Advisors, as applicable, and transaction and monitoring fees and service costs payable to the KKR Group, among others, will be allocated to and borne by (i) holding companies or other vehicles through which certain, but not all, of the direct and indirect equity owners of the Infrastructure Asset invest or (ii) a specific KKR fund, vehicle or account, including the Company and/or KKR Vehicles. Where such expenses are borne by Infrastructure Assets which the Company acquires, this will result in the Company bearing a greater portion of such costs and expenses than would be the case if such costs were paid by the relevant Infrastructure Asset. 
 
 Expenses related more generally to a business strategy, including Broken Deal Expenses, certain organizational expenses (e.g., those related to the establishment of a multi-investment platform for a strategy), fees and expenses of consultants (including Senior Advisors, and Industry Advisors, Executive Advisors, KKR Capstone and other Technical Consultants) and costs and expenses of research relating to such strategy, will be allocated to the Company and/or any KKR Vehicles (and, if applicable, KKR proprietary entities) participating in the relevant business strategy. The allocation of such expenses among participants in a given strategy will be based upon a number of relevant factors, including, without limitation, the capital committed to the strategy and the amount of capital historically invested, or remaining invested, in similar investments. The proportion of such expenses allocated to any relevant fund, vehicle or account could, accordingly, vary from period to period, but as a general result, the most significant portion of such expenses is typically borne by the primary Infrastructure Assets for such strategy. 
 
 KKR Insurance Costs 
 
 The KKR Group expects to maintain one or more insurance policies that cover the Company, KKR Vehicles, and the KKR Group, and as noted in Item 7. Financial Information Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Results of Operations Expenses Company Expenses, the Company will bear an allocable portion of the premiums and fees for such policies as Company expenses. The KKR Group believes that employing such insurance policies enables the KKR Group to achieve lower overall premiums and fees for the Company, KKR Vehicles, 
 86 

Table of Contents 

 the KKR Group and its affiliates. Such policies typically carry a per occurrence deductible, which would be expected to be borne by the relevant insured person(s) making a claim under the policy and not by other insured persons. On the other hand, such insurance policies typically have a maximum amount that will be paid to insured person(s) making any claim, and as such, it is possible that the Company will have insufficient coverage to the extent that a claim by a KKR Vehicle, KKR and/or one or more members of the KKR Group is paid for their insurance claims up to such maximum amount. In determining the Company s allocable portion of any insurance premium or fee, the KKR Group first determines the portion of the aggregate amount of such premium or fee that is allocable to the private markets division of the KKR Group (which includes the Company and the KKR Vehicles that are private equity, growth equity or real asset funds) and the portion allocable to the public markets division of the KKR Group based on its assessment of the risks associated with their respective underlying businesses. Historically, the KKR Group has allocated 85 of the aggregate premiums or fees to the private markets division and 15 to the public markets division. The KKR Group then further allocates the private markets division s portion of the aggregate premiums or fees among the KKR Vehicles comprising the private markets division (including the Company) pro rata based upon their relative NAV as of a specified date on or near the date the KKR Group entered into the applicable policy. In addition to the KKR Group policies referenced above, the Company could obtain one or more additional insurance policies that are specific to the Company, its activities and/or its Infrastructure Assets. The costs of any such additional policies would be borne solely by the Company and/or its Infrastructure Assets (in addition to the amounts borne by the Company under the KKR Group policies described above). 
 
 Operational and other Company-related expenses (or a portion thereof to the extent operational resources giving rise to such costs are also used by the KKR Group for proprietary purposes) generally will be borne by the KKR Group out-of-pocket and then reimbursed by the Company. In the event of any error by the KKR Group in the calculation of allocable expenses for which reimbursement from the Company is sought (which could result in an under or over reimbursement of expenses), the KKR Group will endeavor to correct such error as soon as reasonably practicable, including by refunding any over reimbursement or netting such amount out of subsequent amounts payable to the KKR Group. Interest will not accrue on any refunds or additional reimbursement payments between the KKR Group and the Company to rectify any such error. 
 
 The KKR Group manages certain investment vehicles that are either feeder funds investing in KKR Vehicles or side-by-side vehicles investing alongside KKR Vehicles that are established primarily for the benefit of KKR Personnel, Senior Advisors, Executive Advisors, Industry Advisors, KKR Advisors, Capstone Executives and certain other persons associated with the KKR Group, including, without limitation, certain external consultants, and could potentially participate in acquisitions of Infrastructure Assets made by the Company. The KKR Group will generally bear any allocable share of organizational costs and other expenses allocable to these vehicles on their behalf. 
 
 In addition to the insurance carried by KKR and its affiliates, the Company also carries liability insurance, including D O insurance that is similar to that which similar businesses hold, and in amounts that are customary for the types of businesses that the Company operates. The Company pays for costs and expenses for its own insurance along with an allocable portion of costs of the KKR insurance policies that benefit the Company and its Infrastructure Assets. 
 
 Applicable Employees 
 
 The Company will also pay or otherwise bear the costs and expenses associated with administration of the Company and its assets. Such expenses will include allocable compensation and overhead of applicable employees of the KKR Group that are members of the KKR Group s finance, tax, legal, compliance, technology, public affairs and operations teams that spend time on Company-related matters (the Applicable Employees ). The following principles will be applied in determining allocable compensation and overhead of Applicable Employees. 
 
 Each Applicable Employee will track his/her time (currently expected to be in half-hour increments) spent engaged in a variety of matters that can be generally categorized as relating to (i) administration of the Company, (ii) administration of the Company s assets, (iii) administration of KKR Vehicles and their assets and (iv) non-fund related activities. The Company will only bear the compensation and overhead of each Applicable Employee that is allocable to the time spent on matters relating to clauses (i) and (ii) relative to the total time spent on all matters by such Applicable Employee. The KKR Group will bear the portion of compensation and overhead of Applicable Employees that is allocable to non-fund related activities. The following activities are included in the administration of the Company and administration of the Company s assets: (a) capital activity, which includes processing subscriptions and redemptions and calculating Management Fees and the Performance Participation Allocation; (b) fund financial reporting, which includes semi-annual, annual and other periodic financial statements, working with the Company s auditors on the annual audit, preparing transparency reports and fee reporting, managing the Company s general ledger and equity ledger, and preparation and review of quarter close work 
 87 

Table of Contents 

 papers; (c) tax compliance and reporting as well as advice and work related to tax structuring for the Company, its Infrastructure Assets and intermediate holding entities; (d) legal and compliance activities, including, but not limited to, amendments to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10, the LLC Agreement, the Management Agreement and other documentation related to the Company, compliance with applicable law and regulations, and work related to structuring the Company, its Infrastructure Assets and intermediate holding entities; (e) treasury and operations, which includes cash movement and reconciliation and management of credit facilities; (f) custody, which includes managing the custody confirmation process, (g) valuation and (h) maintaining, updating, implementing and enhancing technology software and equipment to conduct the foregoing activities and other technological support in respect of any of the foregoing activities. 
 
 Compensation of each Applicable Employee will include three elements: (a) salary and cash bonus; (b) payroll taxes; and (c) healthcare costs. For salary and cash bonus, each Applicable Employee will be assigned an amount based on the prior year s average salary and cash bonus paid to Applicable Employees of the same seniority level (e.g., vice president, principal, director) within the same location (e.g., Houston, New York). The average salary and cash bonus for each level and location will be documented on a rate card that is updated annually. As an example, the salary and cash bonus assigned to each vice president on the finance team in New York for 2022 will be the average salary and cash bonus paid to all vice presidents on the finance team in New York for 2021, even though individual vice presidents on the finance team in New York could have actually been paid less (or more) than the average in 2021 or 2022. For payroll taxes, which consist of social security and Medicare taxes, the amount assigned to each Applicable Employee will be formulaic based on the applicable salary and cash bonus assigned to each Applicable Employee according to the rate card. For healthcare costs, which consist of medical and dental benefits, each Applicable Employee will be assigned an amount based on the prior year s weighted average cost across all Applicable Employees taking into account medical coverage rates (including employee contributions) and actual marital status selections for all Applicable Employees. The weighted average healthcare costs will be documented on a rate card that is updated annually. As an example, the healthcare costs assigned to each vice president on the finance team in New York for 2022 will be the weighted average healthcare costs across all Applicable Employees regardless of level and location for 2021, even though individual vice presidents on the finance team in New York could have actually had healthcare costs less (or more) than the weighted average in 2021 or 2022. Using averages for determining the compensation costs for individual Applicable Employees could cause a greater (or lesser) amount to be reimbursed by the Company than if compensation costs had been determined based on each employee s individual compensation costs. The allocation of compensation is determined on a look back basis, meaning the amounts allocated to the Company in the current period represent the compensation costs from the prior period and the percentage of time used for the current period s allocation is based on how time was spent in the prior period. 
 
 Overhead includes rent, property taxes and utilities that are allocable to workspaces and shared spaces (including conference rooms, hallways, kitchens and bathrooms) used by Applicable Employees. The first step in the allocation process is to determine the aggregate overhead costs for all space (both work and shared) to be allocated and calculate a cost per square foot by dividing the aggregate overhead costs by the available workspace within each location (e.g., Houston, New York). Each Applicable Employee is assigned an amount of square footage for his/her workspace based on the smallest occupied workspace by an Applicable Employee at each level of seniority (e.g., vice president, principal, director) within each location (e.g., Houston, New York). As an example, the workspace square footage assigned to each vice president on the finance team in New York for 2022 will be the smallest occupied workspace by a vice president on the finance team in New York for 2021, even though individual vice presidents on the finance team in New York could have actually occupied a larger workspace in 2021 or 2022. The total overhead for each Applicable Employee will be calculated by multiplying the amount of square footage assigned to each Applicable Employee by the aggregate per square foot overhead costs. The allocation of overhead is determined on a look back basis, meaning the amounts allocated to the Company in the current year represent the overhead costs from the prior year. 
 
 It should be noted that the KKR Group does not obtain pricing information from unaffiliated third-party service providers and accordingly compensation and overhead of Applicable Employees charged to the Company could be in excess of the cost of comparable services provided in an arm s-length transaction. In addition, the KKR Group could, from time to time, expand the scope of Applicable Employees to apply to additional personnel (or categories of personnel) of the KKR Group devoting time to Company administration matters, as well as in-house attorneys, accountants and tax advisers engaged in the Company s legal and regulatory compliance. See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Results of Operations Expenses Company Expenses for a further description of expenses that will be borne by the Company. In addition, KKR Vehicles will bear expenses incurred with respect to the Company and its Infrastructure Assets for services performed by employees of the Company and KKR Vehicles will be responsible for compensating the Company accordingly. 
 
 88 

Table of Contents 

 The Manager and/or its affiliates are permitted to, in their discretion, consult with or refer to the Board (or the non-independent members thereof), legal counsel, tax advisors, accountants, investment bankers and other similar advisors engaged by the Company, the Manager, the KKR Group or any of their affiliates regarding any determinations with respect to contractual interpretation or ambiguities relating to fees, costs and expenses, and the Manager and/or its affiliates are permitted to rely on such advice. Such determinations, if made in good faith reliance on such consultation, will be binding on all Shareholders, the Company and the Manager. 
 
 The Company will have its own employees, as well as employees of KKR, that will be assigned or seconded to the Company. We will pay for all expenses related to the services performed for the Company by such persons, including the compensation of our seconded officers, employees and other personnel. Certain employees of KKR are expected to be transferred to be employees of the Company, and the Company will be responsible for all hiring costs of such employees, including make-whole payments and signing bonuses paid to such employees and will reimburse KKR for such costs. 
 
 1940 Act Considerations 
 
 KKR manages directly and through certain joint venture arrangements, a number of registered investment companies and business development companies which are regulated pursuant to the Investment Company Act 1940 Act Funds ). Such 1940 Act Funds can invest alongside the Company and other non-1940 Act Funds in certain circumstances when doing so is consistent with their investment strategy as well as applicable law and SEC staff interpretations. In addition, certain 1940 Act Funds and the Company and other non-1940 Act Funds can invest alongside each other pursuant to exemptive relief granted by the SEC to KKR. This exemptive relief enumerates various conditions that need to be followed by the participating investment vehicles in order to co-invest with each other. In some circumstances, due to regulatory considerations related to the 1940 Act, the 1940 Act Funds will not be considered eligible to participate in specific investments for allocation purposes. As a result, the 1940 Act Funds will not be able to participate in as many investments as the non-1940 Act Funds and allocations of investments to the Company, other non-1940 Act Funds and 1940 Act Funds pursuing a similar investment strategy will vary materially from investment to investment as a result of such regulatory considerations. Due to the substantial size of certain of these 1940 Act Funds, allocations of investments to the Company could be materially reduced where 1940 Act Funds are participating alongside the Company in such investments. In certain circumstances, the Company and other non-1940 Act Funds will not be able to participate at all in an investment if the 1940 Act Funds are participating. Similarly, there could be certain circumstances in which 1940 Act Funds and/or the Company and other non-1940 Act Funds participate in the same transaction and due to subsequent events, either the 1940 Act Funds or the Company and other non-1940 Act Funds cannot participate in follow-on investments in the same issuer. Conflicts also will arise if the 1940 Act Funds hold different securities in an issuer s capital structure to those held by the Company or other non-1940 Act Funds. The KKR Group s ability to manage such conflicts could, in certain circumstances, be restricted by the 1940 Act and applicable rules, regulations and SEC staff interpretations. 
 
 Acquisition and Disposition of Infrastructure Assets Alongside KKR Vehicles 
 
 The Company will form Joint Ventures by pooling capital with one or more KKR Vehicles that target acquisitions of Infrastructure Assets that are compatible with our business strategy. We expect that a significant portion of our Infrastructure Assets will be owned and controlled by the Company through Joint Ventures alongside one or more KKR Vehicles. Although our Joint Ventures will be managed in a way that reflects the commonality of interests among the KKR Vehicles and the Company, the Company and such KKR Vehicles will generally have different holding periods and/or business or investment objectives (including return profiles). As a result, KKR, including the Manager, may have conflicting goals with respect to the price and timing of disposition opportunities. 
 
 The Company benefits from access to KKR s infrastructure platform and from the ability to form Joint Ventures with KKR Vehicles for the purpose of acquiring, owning and controlling Infrastructure Assets. Although it is not required to, the Company may choose to dispose of an Infrastructure Asset held through a Joint Venture at the same time as one or more KKR Vehicles dispose of an Infrastructure Asset held through the same Joint Venture, including to avoid becoming a Joint Venture partner with an unaffiliated entity. As a result, the Company may choose to sell or hold Infrastructure Assets (possibly at disadvantageous times or under disadvantageous conditions) as a result of one or more KKR Vehicles choosing to sell or hold such Infrastructure Assets. Any such dispositions of Infrastructure Assets made in consideration of dispositions by KKR Vehicles may occur at times that do not otherwise align with Company s long-term holding period. The Company and KKR Vehicles may also dispose of their interests in an Infrastructure Asset held through a Joint Venture at different times and on different terms. 
 
 KKR s Investment Advisory and Proprietary Activities 
 89 

Table of Contents 

As a global investment management firm, the KKR Group sponsors and advises, and expects, in the future, to sponsor and advise, a broad range of investment funds, vehicles and other accounts that make investments worldwide. These include, but are not limited to, the KKR Vehicles. The KKR Group also makes investments for its own account, including, for example, through investment and co-investment vehicles established for KKR Personnel, Senior Advisors, Executive Advisors, Industry Advisors, KKR Advisors, Capstone Executives and certain other associated persons of KKR Credit, the KKR Group or any KKR affiliates. 
 
 The KKR Public Company uses the Balance Sheet as a significant source of capital to further grow and expand its business, increase its participation in existing businesses and further align its interests with those of investors in KKR Vehicles and other stakeholders. The Balance Sheet includes general partner capital commitments to, and limited partnership interests in KKR Vehicles, proprietary investment vehicles and accounts, co-investments in certain portfolio companies and energy and real estate assets acquired in connection with the KKR Public Company s acquisition of KKR Financial Holdings LLC KFN in April 2014. The Balance Sheet also holds other assets used in the development of the KKR Public Company s business, including seed capital for the purpose of developing, evaluating and testing potential investment strategies, products or new strategies Seed Investments (see KKR Stakes and Seed Business below). 
 
 The KKR Public Company has adopted policies and procedures (the Balance Sheet Guidelines to mitigate any potential conflicts of interest between the investment activities of the Balance Sheet on the one hand and the Company and any KKR Vehicle on the other. Under the Balance Sheet Guidelines, the Balance Sheet s uses are categorized generally into three categories: (1) strategic, (2) opportunistic and (3) operational funding. 
 
 Strategic uses principally focus on acquiring or owning assets in the financial services industry to enhance the KKR Public Company s businesses or earnings. Examples of such uses include strategic acquisitions, such as Pacific Alternative Asset Management Company, LLC PAAMCO ), Prisma Capital Partners LP Prisma and KFN, general partner commitments to KKR funds, warehoused investments for KKR funds and investments through the Stakes and Seed Business (see KKR Stakes and Seed Business below). 
 
 Opportunistic uses are investments principally made to generate an investment return. Examples of such investments include co-investments, certain investment activities of KFN and certain Seed Investments, real estate investments, and investments in which the Balance Sheet has received a distribution of securities in kind or the Manager has elected to receive a distribution in kind in lieu of a cash distribution (see Fees below). The KKR Group seeks to address potential conflicts of interest arising from opportunistic investments by offering, where the KKR Group believes it is appropriate, such investments to relevant KKR Vehicles. 
 
 Similarly, the KKR Group has established investment vehicles with approximately 13.5 billion of third-party capital and approximately 7 billion of Balance Sheet capital (collectively, the Core Investment Platform ), targeting core investments in certain private equity and real asset opportunities, which include opportunities that are the same as or similar to opportunities targeted by the Company. Because more than 30 of the Core Investment Platform is comprised of the KKR Public Company s proprietary Balance Sheet capital, the KKR Group treats the entire Core Investment Platform as a proprietary entity. The KKR Group has established (and could in the future establish) KKR Vehicles that co-invest alongside the Core Investment Platform, which increase the amount of capital dedicated to the Core Investment Platform s investment strategy. The Core Investment Platform targets opportunistic core investments, which are typically characterized by an expectation of lower returns and risks, longer hold periods, less leverage, and a greater focus on income generation and regular dividends than typical private equity investments, although no single attribute is determinative and attributes of a particular core investment could change over time. The Company will invest alongside the Core Infrastructure Platform in accordance with the Manager s allocation policies and procedures. The KKR Group could establish KKR Vehicles treated as proprietary investment vehicles similar to the Core Investment Platform in the future. 
 
 In addition, the KKR Group has sponsored a special purpose acquisition company SPAC and may in the future sponsor additional SPACs or other blank check companies in connection with its investment activities, including through completing a de-SPAC transaction between a portfolio company and a SPAC. As the sponsor of a SPAC, the KKR Group may have an incentive to allocate investment opportunities to a KKR Group-sponsored SPAC. In order to mitigate this conflict of interest, the KKR Group has established allocation policies and procedures which provide that potential investment opportunities must be offered to the Company (or the relevant KKR Vehicles pursuing the relevant investment strategy) before a KKR Group-sponsored SPAC is permitted to consummate the relevant investment. However, actual or potential conflicts of interest could nevertheless arise in connection with the determination of whether an investment that is 
 90 

Table of Contents 

 offered to the Company or the relevant KKR Vehicles will be consummated by the Company or the relevant KKR Vehicles or instead offered to the SPAC. 
 
 With respect to co-investments, KKR proprietary entities from time to time co-invest in investments by KKR Vehicles (including, potentially, the Company) in portfolio companies. Co-investments by KKR proprietary entities result in less availability of discretionary investment opportunities for third parties. The KKR Group does not generally charge management or administration fees or performance-related compensation for its services to such other KKR proprietary entities for such co-investment opportunities, and the KKR Group retains any allocated monitoring fees and transaction fees based on their respective ownership of the relevant investment in a portfolio company. The KKR Group will generally also bear any allocable share of expenses related to such co-investments on behalf of such KKR proprietary entities. In light of the overlap between the strategies of the Company and the Core Investment Platform, the Core Investment Platform could co-invest alongside the Company from time to time in Infrastructure Assets that fall within the Company s business strategy. 
 
 The KKR Group will also from time to time make core, core + and opportunistic investments pursuant to strategies that mirror, or are similar to, in whole or in part, investment strategies implemented by the KKR Group on behalf of KKR Vehicles and/or the Company. 
 
 Lastly, the Balance Sheet s operational funding uses typically consist of activities to facilitate normal course transactions in support of the KKR Public Company s businesses. Examples of such activities include capital support for the activities of affiliated broker-dealers and treasury and liquidity management investments. Operational activities could also include provision by the Balance Sheet of credit support to a general partner s obligation to a KKR fund or KKR Vehicles as well as support of certain transactions by KKR funds or KKR Vehicles or by their portfolio companies. For example, the Balance Sheet could provide interest-free loans to holding companies or other entities through which the Company invests or to platform vehicles in order to bridge down payments or other transactional or operational needs of an Infrastructure Asset pending the receipt by such holding companies of capital contributions from the Company and other equity owners. As an additional example, a proprietary account of the KKR Group has agreed to be liable for certain investment losses and/or for providing liquidity in the events specified in the governing documents of a KKR Vehicle. Operational funding activities are not offered to KKR Vehicles or the Company for investment allocation purposes. 
 
 Moreover, from time-to-time, KKR will finance, securitize or employ other structured finance arrangements in respect of certain Balance Sheet assets. For example, the KKR Group has established KKR Financing Partners, in which the Balance Sheet and/or KKR Personnel own a majority equity interest, and which are funded in part through financing provided by one or more third parties KKR Financing Partners ), and such KKR Financing Partners could hold Shares in the Company. The interest of any KKR Financing Partners in the Company will be entitled to and subject to the same rights and obligations as other Shareholders of the Company including voting rights, which the KKR Group will control. The KKR Group will also from time to time employ structured financing arrangements with respect to co-investment interests and investments in KKR Vehicles made by Balance Sheet entities (including, potentially co-investments with the Company). These structured financing arrangements could alter the KKR Group s returns and risk exposure with respect to the applicable Balance Sheet assets as compared to its returns and risk exposure if the KKR Group held such assets outside of such structured financing arrangements and could create incentives for the KKR Group to take actions in respect of such assets that it otherwise would not in the absence of such arrangements or otherwise alter its alignment with the Shareholders of the Company and investors in KKR Vehicles. 
 
 In addition, a KKR fund or KKR Vehicle might, subject to applicable requirements in their governing documents, which could include obtaining limited partner or advisory committee consent, determine to sell a particular portfolio company interest to a separate vehicle, which will typically be managed by the KKR Group, with different terms than the KKR fund or KKR Vehicle (i.e., longer duration), and provide limited partners with the option to monetize their investment with the KKR fund or KKR Vehicle at the time of such sale, or to roll all or a portion of their interest in the portfolio company into the new vehicle. Under such circumstances, the KKR Group could invest in or alongside the new vehicle, or hold the entirety of the portfolio company interest sold by the KKR fund or KKR Vehicle through or alongside the new vehicle (i.e., in the event that all limited partners elect to monetize their investment at the time of sale to the new vehicle). 
 
 The foregoing proprietary entities, including Seed Investments and KFN as well as KKR Vehicles, have in the past invested and are expected to continue to invest in similar or the same types of securities, properties or other assets in which the Company or KKR Vehicles seek to invest. These proprietary entities, as well as KKR Vehicles, could potentially compete with, and have interests adverse to, the Company or KKR Vehicles. The existence of Seed Investments and KKR proprietary entities, including KFN, and KKR Vehicles investing in the same or similar assets that are sought to be 
 91 

Table of Contents 

 acquired by the Company or KKR Vehicles, could, among other adverse consequences, affect the prices of the assets, securities, properties or other assets in which the Company invests and affect the availability of such assets (see No Assurance of Ability to Participate in Acquisition Opportunities; Relationship with KKR, its Affiliates and KKR Vehicles; Allocation of Acquisition Opportunities and Co-Investments below). In such circumstances, the KKR Group s interest in maximizing the investment return of its proprietary entities and those of its members creates a conflict of interest in that the KKR Group could be motivated to allocate more attractive opportunities to the proprietary entities under its management, and allocate less attractive opportunities to KKR Vehicles and/or the Company. Similarly, the KKR Group could be motivated to allocate scarce opportunities to the proprietary entities under its management rather than to KKR Vehicles and/or the Company. 
 
 Impact of Other Investment Activities 
 
 Additionally, the KKR Group has in the past given and is expected to continue to give advice or take action (including entering into short sales or other opposite way trading activities) with respect to the investments held by, and transactions of, KKR Vehicles or KKR proprietary entities that are different from, or otherwise inconsistent with, the advice given or timing or nature of any action taken with respect to the Infrastructure Assets held by, and transactions of, the Company. Such different advice and/or inconsistent actions could be due to a variety of reasons, including, without limitation, the differences between the investment objective, program, strategy and tax treatment of certain KKR Vehicles or KKR proprietary entities and the Company or the regulatory status of KKR Vehicles and any related restrictions or obligations imposed on KKR as a fiduciary thereof (including, for example, KKR Vehicles invested in by pension plans and employee benefit plans and constituting plan assets under ERISA or KKR Vehicles that are registered as investment companies under the Investment Company Act). Such advice and actions could adversely impact the Company. For example, a KKR Vehicle or KKR proprietary entity could concurrently, or in close proximity in time with such acquisition by the Company, establish a short position in a security acquired by the Company (for example, as collateral) or that otherwise relates to such a security held by the Company, and such short sale could result in a decrease in the price of the security acquired by or otherwise held by the Company or could otherwise benefit the execution quality of the transaction entered into by the KKR Vehicle and/or the KKR proprietary entity. Additionally, the investment programs employed by the KKR Group for KKR Vehicles or KKR proprietary entities could conflict with the transactions and strategies employed by the Manager and/or KKR in managing the Company. Where the Company, KKR proprietary entities, including Seed Investments, and KKR Vehicles hold interests in the same assets, their interests could potentially be in conflict irrespective of whether their assets are at different levels of the capital structure. For example, the timing of entry into or exit from a portfolio company could vary as among these parties for reasons such as differences in strategy, existing portfolio or liquidity needs. As a further example, the Company could (but is not required to) engage in bona fide hedging transactions in connection with its assets, while KKR proprietary entities and KKR Vehicles could enter into such transactions for speculative purposes or, alternatively, hedge a given risk related to a given asset more or less fully than the Company. KKR proprietary entities and KKR Vehicles could enter into such hedging arrangements in connection with assets alongside the Company and, like other Shareholders in the Company, could also enter into hedging arrangements in connection with their acquisitions made through the Company (including with respect to the Manager s or KKR s (or each of their affiliate s) entitlement to receive the Performance Participation Allocation), which arrangements are not employed by the Company itself. These differences in hedging strategy could result in such KKR proprietary entities or KKR Vehicles achieving more or less favorable returns with respect to an asset relative to the returns achieved by the Company or other Shareholders in the Company depending upon the timing of the disposition of the relevant asset. Similarly, the form of consideration received in connection with an exit of an asset could also vary among these parties if, for example, KKR proprietary accounts receive and retain an in-kind distribution of securities, for example, through an in-kind distribution by a KKR Vehicle or the Company to its general partner, where such securities are otherwise disposed of by such KKR Vehicle or the Company for cash, in whole or in part. 
 
 The above variations in timing or form of consideration could be detrimental to the Company or any such other investing entities. There can be no assurance that the terms of, or the return on, the Company s Infrastructure Assets will be equivalent to, or better than, the terms of, or the returns obtained by, any KKR Vehicles or KKR proprietary entities, including in respect of any category of assets, nor can there be any assurance that any KKR Vehicle or KKR proprietary entity with similar investment objectives, programs or strategies, including, without limitation, any Seed Investments, will hold the same positions, obtain the same financing or perform in a substantially similar manner as the Company. The KKR Group s ability to implement the Company s strategy effectively could be limited to the extent that contractual obligations entered into in respect of investments made by KKR Vehicles or KKR proprietary entities or regulatory obligations or restrictions imposed on the KKR Group as a result of the regulatory status of the KKR proprietary entities and/or KKR Vehicles (for example, under ERISA or the Investment Company Act) impose restrictions on the ability of the Company (or the KKR Group on its behalf) to invest in securities or interests that the Company would otherwise be interested in 
 92 

Table of Contents 

 pursuing or to otherwise take actions in respect of the Company s Infrastructure Assets that would otherwise be considered beneficial to the Company. For example, in certain instances in connection with the sale of investments by KKR proprietary entities or KKR Vehicles, the KKR Group could enter into agreements prohibiting KKR proprietary entities and the KKR Vehicles, including the Company, from engaging in activities that are deemed to compete with the disposed of investment for a certain period of time. Such agreements could in turn prevent the Company from acquiring Infrastructure Assets in certain sectors or regions, including investments that otherwise would have been appropriate for the Company. 
 
 In addition to investing alongside the Company, KKR Financing Partners and certain KKR Vehicles are expected to invest as Shareholders in the Company and will have the right to exercise any vote, consent or waiver required or permitted under the LLC Agreement in the same manner as other Shareholders in the Company. The manner in which such vote, consent or waiver is exercised by the relevant KKR Financing Partner or KKR Vehicle will be subject to its governing documents. The governing documents of KKR Financing Partners and KKR Vehicles sometimes provide that all or certain votes, consents or waivers are exercised by the underlying Shareholders or other third-party participants (such as the third-party financing providers for KKR Financing Partners) in the KKR Financing Partner or KKR Vehicle. However, such governing documents sometimes provide that any such vote, waiver or consent is permitted to be exercised independently by the KKR Group in its capacity as general partner, manager or a similar role with respect to the KKR Financing Partner or KKR Vehicle, in which case such vote, waiver or consent will be exercised by the KKR Group in accordance with the interests of the KKR Financing Partner or KKR Vehicle, or alternatively might be voted in accordance with prescribed mechanisms (e.g., in the same proportions as other Shareholders vote with respect to the relevant item), in each case as required or permitted under the governing documents of the relevant KKR Vehicle. The LLC Agreement of the Company permits any KKR Financing Partner and KKR Vehicle to participate in any vote, waiver or consent of the partners, notwithstanding the ability of the KKR Group to direct such vote, waiver or consent in its capacity as general partner, manager or a similar role with respect to such KKR Financing Partner or KKR Vehicle. 
 
 KKR Vehicles (including KKR proprietary Balance Sheet entities) could potentially provide financing to a third-party sponsor or its acquisition vehicle or to another company for the purposes of acquiring an Infrastructure Asset or an interest in an Infrastructure Asset from the Company. Although not limited to such arrangements, this type of financing could, for example, be provided through pre-arranged staple financing packages arranged and offered by the KKR Group to potential bidders for the relevant Infrastructure Asset or interest. The KKR Group will face conflicts of interest where any such KKR Vehicle provides such acquisition financing, in particular in respect of its incentives to select a bidder using such financing for the purposes of creating an investment opportunity for such KKR Vehicle and, potentially, related arranging fees for members of the KKR Group, notwithstanding that the relevant bid is below market or otherwise does not reflect on an overall basis the best available terms. Any such financing arrangements will be subject to the KKR Group s policies and procedures for addressing conflicts. 
 
 The KKR Group could, including in particular through the KKR Group s Stakes and Seed Business as discussed under KKR Stakes and Seed Business below, invest on a proprietary basis in minority or majority interests in companies in which the Company and/or KKR Vehicles have no interest but which are counterparties to, or participants in, agreements, transactions or other arrangements with Infrastructure Assets of the Company (for example, an Infrastructure Asset of the Company could retain a company in which the KKR Group has a proprietary interest to provide services, including financial services, license software or develop proprietary technology or could acquire an asset from such company). Agreements, transactions and other arrangements entered into by the Company s Infrastructure Assets and any such companies will indirectly benefit the KKR Group as an owner of such companies or could adversely impact any of the Company s Infrastructure Assets with which they do business. The KKR Group s interest in maximizing its return on such investments will give rise to a conflict of interests, in particular, but not limited to, circumstances where the KKR Group has the ability through its investments to influence the activities of such companies or encourages the Company s Infrastructure Assets to transact therewith. Transactions between companies in which the KKR Group acquires such proprietary interests, on the one hand, and the Company, on the other, are generally not expected to constitute the types of transactions that will entitle such companies to transaction, monitoring and other fees or compensation that will reduce Management Fees payable in respect of the Company. For example, insurance brokerage fees or information technology licensing fees payable by any of the Company s Infrastructure Assets to a KKR Affiliate for related services of a KKR Affiliate will not reduce Management Fees but will benefit the KKR Affiliate. 
 
 Material conflicts of interest that arise between the Company and the Shareholders, on the one hand, and the KKR Group (including the KKR proprietary entities and KKR Vehicles), on the other hand, generally will be discussed and resolved on a case-by-case basis by senior management of the KKR Group, including representatives of the Manager (or otherwise managed in accordance with internal policies and procedures reviewed by senior management). Any such discussions and 
 93 

Table of Contents 

 policies will take into consideration the interests of the relevant parties and the circumstances giving rise to the conflict. To implement best practices in the application and monitoring of conflict resolution, the KKR Group has created a Global Conflicts Committee. The Global Conflicts Committee is responsible for analyzing and addressing new or potential conflicts of interest that arise (or could arise) in the KKR Group s business, including conflicts relating to specific transactions and circumstances, as well as those implicit in the overall activities of the KKR Group and its various businesses. In addition, KKR Credit has established policies and procedures for mitigating and managing possible conflicts of interest as they relate to businesses overseen by KKR Credit and KKR Vehicles advised by KKR Credit (including the management of the Company) and, in particular, for elevating, evaluating and resolving such conflicts. While the KKR Group will seek to manage any resulting conflicts in an appropriate manner (which could involve referring such conflicts to independent parties or acquiring a third-party fairness opinion or other means of resolving the conflict in lieu of referring such conflict to the Board (or the non-independent members thereof) as set out herein), such transactions or advice could have consequences that are adverse to the interests of the Company, such as, for example, by adversely affecting the availability or price of Infrastructure Assets that the Manager seeks to acquire for the Company or the price at which the Manager seeks to purchase or sell any Infrastructure Asset. 
 
 The Manager will have the power to resolve, or consent to the resolution of, conflicts of interest on behalf of, and such resolution will be binding on, the Company. These resolutions could include, (i) if applicable, handling the conflict as described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, (ii) obtaining from the Board (or the non-independent members of the Board) advice, waiver or consent as to the conflict, or acting in accordance with standards or procedures approved by the Board to address the conflict, (iii) disposing of the asset or security giving rise to the conflict of interest, (iv) disclosing the conflict to the Board, including non-independent members of the Board, as applicable, or Shareholders (including, without limitation, in distribution notices, financial statements, letters to Shareholders or other communications), (v) appointing an independent representative to act or provide consent with respect to the matter giving rise to the conflict of interest, (vi) validating the arms-length nature of the transaction by referencing participation by unaffiliated third parties or obtaining consent from the limited partner advisory committee (or equivalent governance committee) of a KKR Vehicle that is similarly situated with respect to the conflict as the Company, (vii) in the case of conflicts among clients, creating groups of personnel within KKR separated by information barriers (which can be expected to be temporary and limited purpose in nature), each of which would advise or represent one of the clients that has a conflicting position with other clients, (viii) implementing policies and procedures reasonably designed to mitigate the conflict of interest, or (ix) otherwise handling the conflict as determined appropriate by the Manager in its good faith reasonable discretion. Shareholders should be aware that conflicts will not necessarily be resolved in favor of the Company s or the Shareholder s interests. In addition, the Board is authorized to give consent on behalf of the Company with respect to certain specific matters, including those which may be required or advisable, as determined in the Manager s sole discretion, under the Advisers Act or other applicable laws or regulations, which may be, but is not required to be, given by a majority of the non-independent directors of the Company, if any. If the Board, consents to a particular matter and the Manager acts in a manner consistent with, or pursuant to the standards and procedures approved by, the Board, or otherwise as provided in the LLC Agreement, then the Manager and its affiliates will not have any liability to the Company or the Shareholders for such actions taken in good faith by them. In addition, KKR may be dragged along in engaging in activities that involve conflicts of interest without the Manager s approval. 
 
 In connection with its other activities, the KKR Group could come into possession of information that limits the Company s ability to engage in potential transactions, including by preventing an advisable sale of a particular Infrastructure Asset, which could have an adverse effect on the performance of the Company (see Limitations on Information Sharing within KKR; Possession of Material Non-Public Information; Other Limitations on Leveraging Firm-Wide Resources below). The Company s activities will be constrained to the extent of its inability to use such information. The KKR Group has long-term relationships with a significant number of corporations and their senior management. In determining whether to invest in a particular transaction on behalf of the Company, the Manager will consider those relationships, which could result in certain transactions that the Manager will not undertake on behalf of the Company in view of such relationships. The Company will also co-invest with other clients of the KKR Group in particular acquisition opportunities, and the relationship with such clients could influence the decisions made by the Manager with respect to such opportunities (see Co-Investments below). 
 
 While the KKR Group believes that it maintains effective policies and procedures to review and mitigate conflicts of interest and believes that its compensation arrangements create an alignment of interest with its fund investors, discretionary compensation paid to and interests in proprietary entities held by investment executives of the KKR Group (including members of the Global Conflicts Committee) and others involved in addressing conflicts of interest relevant to the Company could cause such persons to be deemed to have a conflict when addressing certain issues in part due to their discretionary compensation arrangements and interests in various proprietary investments and investment vehicles. 
 94 

Table of Contents 

Personal Private Investment Holdings 
 
 Certain investment personnel of the KKR Group maintain personal private investment holdings, which could include private assets that subsequently become targeted for acquisition by the Company (or private assets that compete with the Company acquisition targets) and/or investments in private funds that invest in or own assets that compete with infrastructure assets or businesses targeted by the Company (e.g., through the acquisition of or purchase of an asset of an unaffiliated private fund sponsor). Certain of these investments are maintained with third-party investment managers who sponsor investment vehicles that compete with the KKR Group or that the KKR Group, KKR Credit or certain affiliates of KKR will from time to time recommend to their respective clients. Furthermore, certain of these personal investments will have terms that are more favorable than those routinely offered by the unaffiliated investment manager (for example, reduced fees). These personal investments could give rise to potential or actual conflicts of interest between the Company and KKR Vehicles on the one hand, and the KKR Group, on the other hand including, in particular, to the extent such investment personnel participate in the management of the Company s interests in such assets and the personal investment interests of such investment personnel are not aligned with those of the Company. In addition, personnel of the KKR Group will at times hold investments in entities that become service providers to the KKR Group or Infrastructure Assets of the Company. To the extent that the relevant personnel of the KKR Group do not have control or other influence over the decisions of the relevant service provider, a conflict of interest could nevertheless arise in connection with engaging the relevant entity as a service provider in light of the indirect benefit accruing through the investment held in the service provider. The KKR Group s personal securities investment and reporting policies, which require the pre-approval from the KKR Group s compliance group on any personal private fund or private investments, seek to identify any potential or actual conflicts of interest relating to personal private investments. 
 
 Other KKR Activities 
 
 Conflicts of interest will arise in allocating time, services or resources among the activities of the Company, KKR Vehicles, the KKR Group, other KKR-affiliated entities and the senior officers of the KKR Group. Although the Manager will devote such time as will be necessary to conduct the business affairs of the Company in an appropriate manner, the Manager, the KKR Group and its affiliates will continue to devote the resources necessary to manage the investment activities of the KKR Group, KKR Vehicles, other KKR-affiliated entities and the executives of KKR and, therefore, conflicts will at times arise in the allocation of time, services and resources. The KKR Group (including the Manager) are not precluded from conducting activities unrelated to the Company. For example, all members of the KKR Infrastructure Team (including certain of our executive officers) work on infrastructure strategies for the global infrastructure funds and the Asia Pacific infrastructure funds and as a result, not all of their business time will be devoted to the Company. Non-investment professionals may not be dedicated solely to the Company and may perform work for KKR Vehicles which is expected to detract from the time such persons devote to the Company. Time spent on these KKR Vehicles diverts attention from the activities of the Company, which could negatively impact the Company and the Shareholders. Furthermore, the KKR Group and the KKR Group personnel derive financial benefit from these other activities, including fees and performance-based compensation. The KKR Group personnel outside the KKR Infrastructure Team share in the fees and performance-based compensation from the Company; similarly, members of the KKR Infrastructure Team and Infrastructure Committees share in the fees and performance-based compensation generated by KKR Vehicles. These and other factors create conflicts of interest in the allocation of time by the KKR Group personnel. The Manager s determination of the amount of time necessary to conduct the Company s activities will be conclusive, and Shareholders rely on the Manager s judgment in this regard. Additionally, the Company could engage in transactions, including the sale of Infrastructure Assets, to persons or entities who are actual or potential shareholders in the Company or in KKR Vehicles. 
 
 The Company will be required to establish business relationships with its counterparties based on the Company s own credit standing. The KKR Group will not have any obligation to allow its credit to be used in connection with the Company s establishment of its business relationships, nor is it expected that the Company s counterparties will rely on the credit of the KKR Group in evaluating the Company s creditworthiness. 
 
 Affiliated Shareholders 
 
 Certain Shareholders, including current and/or former senior advisors, officers, directors, personnel and/or other key advisors/relationships (including operating partners, executives, founders and entrepreneurs and personnel of KKR, Infrastructure Assets of the Company and KKR Vehicles) and charitable programs, endowment funds and related entities established by or associated with any of the foregoing (including any trusts, family members, family investment vehicles, estate planning vehicles, descendant trusts and other related persons or entities), and other persons related to KKR, may 
 95 

Table of Contents 

 receive preferential terms in connection with their acquisitions alongside the Company. For the avoidance of doubt, in the case of an affiliated Shareholder that is a KKR Vehicle with its own underlying investors, such underlying investors are generally subject to carried interest and/or management fees in connection with their investment in such KKR Vehicle. Specific examples of such preferential terms received by certain affiliated Shareholders may include, among others, waiver of fees. In addition, by virtue of their affiliation with the Manager, affiliated Shareholders will have more information about the Company and its Infrastructure Assets than other Shareholders and will have access to information (including, but not limited to, valuation reports) in advance of communication to other Shareholders. As a result, such affiliated Shareholders will be able to take actions on the basis of such information which, in the absence of such information, other Shareholders do not take. Finally, to the extent affiliated Shareholders submit repurchase requests in respect of their Shares in the Company, conflicts of interest will arise and the Manager s affiliation with such Shareholders could influence the Board s determination to exercise its discretion whether to satisfy, reject or limit any such requested repurchase. Additionally, in the case of a Shareholder that is a KKR Vehicle with its own underlying investors, such underlying investors may have received preferential or different terms in connection with their investment in such KKR Vehicle (including, but not limited to, liquidity rights) as compared to the other Shareholders. See also Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to an Investment in Our Shares Due to the nature of Infrastructure Assets, shareholders will have limited liquidity and may not receive a full return of their invested capital if they elect to have their shares repurchased by the Company . While such affiliated Shareholders and/or the Company will seek to adopt policies and procedures to address such conflicts of interest, there can be no assurance that the conflicts of interest described above will be resolved in favor of the Company or other Shareholders. 
 
 No Assurance of Ability to Participate in Acquisition Opportunities; Relationship with KKR, its Affiliates and KKR Vehicles; Allocation of Acquisition Opportunities 
 
 As indicated above, certain KKR Vehicles and KKR proprietary entities, including any Seed Investments, do and will in the future invest in securities, properties and other assets in which the Company seeks to acquire. Subject to the LLC Agreement, the KKR Group has sole discretion to determine the manner in which opportunities are allocated between the Company, the KKR Group and KKR Vehicles. Allocation of identified opportunities among the Company, KKR Group and KKR Vehicles presents inherent conflicts of interest where demand exceeds available supply. As a result, the Company s share of opportunities will be materially affected by competition from KKR Vehicles and from KKR proprietary entities. Shareholders should note that the conflicts inherent in making such allocation decisions will not always be to the advantage of the Company. 
 
 KKR Vehicles on the KKR Infrastructure platform will be launched from time to time as business opportunities arise, and KKR will negotiate the terms of those KKR Vehicles with potential investors. The terms of such future KKR Vehicles will include mandatory investment minimums, exceptions to those minimums and the allocation of voting rights with respect to Infrastructure Assets. With respect to the Company, KKR faces a conflict of interest when negotiating these terms because KKR generally expects to seek to maximize the potential size of any such future KKR Vehicle s aggregate commitments. Accordingly, KKR may agree to high mandatory investment minimums or reduce the exceptions to such minimums in a way that is favorable to the investors in such future KKR Vehicle and limits or restricts the Company s access to acquisition opportunities alongside such future KKR Vehicle. KKR may also agree to restrictions or limitations on how voting rights with respect to Infrastructure Assets may be allocated which would be disadvantageous to the Company s ability to form Joint Ventures with such future KKR Vehicle. These terms may be materially less favorable for the Company than terms available as of the date of the Registration Statement and may continue to become more disadvantageous to the Company over time. 
 
 In addition, even where the KKR Group determines that a particular investment opportunity falls within the general parameters of opportunities allocated to the Company, the investment committee are permitted to nonetheless decide to pass on any such opportunity for a variety of reasons. If the investment committee decides to pass on any such opportunity, such opportunity can then be allocated to any KKR Vehicle or the KKR Group. 
 
 As a general matter, and subject to the LLC Agreement and the foregoing, the KKR Group will allocate opportunities between the KKR Group, the Company and KKR Vehicles in a manner that is consistent with an allocation methodology established by the KKR Group reasonably designed to help ensure allocations of opportunities are made over time on a fair and equitable basis. In determining allocations of opportunities, the KKR Group will take into account such factors as it deems appropriate, which could include, for example and without limitation: investment objectives and focus; target investment size and target returns, available capital, the timing of capital inflows and outflows and anticipated capital commitments and subscriptions; timing of closing and speed of execution; liquidity profile, including during a ramp-up or wind-down period; applicable concentration limits and other investment restrictions and client instructions (including, 
 96 

Table of Contents 

 without limitation, the need to resize positions to avoid breaches of applicable investment restrictions); mandatory minimum investment rights and other contractual obligations applicable to participating funds (as discussed further below), vehicles and accounts and/or to their investors; portfolio diversification; applicable investment periods and proximity to the end of the term of the relevant funds, vehicles and accounts; the management of actual or potential conflicts of interest; limitations on participants imposed by a portfolio company or other counterparty involved in making an investment opportunity available; whether an investment opportunity requires specific advisory committee or other consents on behalf of relevant funds, vehicles and accounts; lender covenants; tax efficiencies and potential adverse tax consequences; regulatory restrictions applicable to participating funds, vehicles and accounts and Shareholders that could limit the Company s ability to participate in a proposed investment; policies and restrictions (including internal policies and procedures) applicable to participating funds, vehicles and accounts; the avoidance of odd-lots or cases where a pro rata or other defined allocation methodology would result in a de minimis allocation to one or more participating funds, vehicles and accounts; the potential dilutive effect of a new position; the overall risk profile of a portfolio; the potential return available from a debt investment as compared to an equity investment; the potential effect of the Company s performance (positive and negative); and any other considerations deemed relevant by the KKR Group. 
 
 The outcome of any allocation determination by the KKR Group will at times result in the allocation of all or none of an opportunity to the Company in allocations that are otherwise on a non-pro rata basis and could result in the Company co-investing in an opportunity alongside the KKR Group and/or a KKR Vehicle, in either the same or different parts of the target s capital structure. Such determinations could also result in the dilution of the Company s interest in any existing asset by KKR Vehicles, the KKR Group and/or third party co-investors to the extent that an opportunity constituting a follow-on investment in respect of an existing Company asset arises and the Company has insufficient available capital to take up all or any part of what would otherwise be its allocable share of such opportunity (which would generally be based on its participation in the initial investment). Any such dilution will likely be determined on the basis of a valuation in respect of the existing investment determined by the KKR Group. Conversely, to the extent a KKR Vehicle participating in the original investment has insufficient capital or is otherwise unable to participate on a pro rata basis in any related follow-on investment opportunity, such excess opportunity could be allocated in whole or in part to the Company increasing its concentration in the relevant asset, which would potentially increase the losses incurred by the Company to the extent such follow-on investment as a whole does not perform as anticipated. The fact that carried interest and/or incentive allocation is calculated at different rates among the Company and KKR Vehicles, or is subject to different hurdle rates or other similar terms, creates an incentive for the KKR Group to allocate opportunities disproportionately to vehicles allocating carried interest and/or incentive allocation at a higher rate (or subject to a lower hurdle rate). However, the KKR Group has adopted policies and procedures that seek to ensure that opportunities are allocated in good faith and that such allocations are fair and reasonable under the circumstances and considering such factors as the KKR Group deems relevant. 
 
 For the purposes of applying the Manager s allocation methodology applicable to its infrastructure platform, the Company does not benefit from any mandatory minimum purchase rights or minimum purchase thresholds. As such the Company will not benefit from any priority acquisition allocation and therefore priority acquisition allocations made by the KKR Group may result in the Company not participating to the same extent in acquisition opportunities in which it would have otherwise participated had the mandatory minimum investment rights or minimum investment thresholds for the KKR Vehicles not existed. Certain KKR Vehicles have a mandatory minimum investment threshold that must be satisfied under its governing documents prior to investment opportunities being offered more broadly. Typically, there is a specified percentage that is carved-out of the relevant mandatory minimum investment threshold that allows the KKR Group to allocate amounts to such relevant KKR Vehicles that participate in the relevant strategy (such amount plus the mandatory minimum investment threshold is referred to as the first tier allocation). The Company will be offered the opportunity to participate in the first tier allocations alongside nearly all KKR Vehicles that comprise KKR s infrastructure platform up to a capped amount. In many cases, the aggregate amount of an investment opportunity exceeds the capacity of the first tier allocation, and the remaining amounts (the second tier allocation) may be offered to KKR Vehicles or the Company, in such amounts as determined by the KKR Group in its sole discretion in accordance with KKR s policies and procedures applicable to such investment.When there is second tier allocation available, the Company will be offered the opportunity to participate in the second tier allocation. 
 
 Further, an Infrastructure Asset could over time develop characteristics that result in the Infrastructure Asset constituting an attractive investment opportunity for a KKR Vehicle and vice versa. In such cases, the Manager could seek to effect a purchase or sale of an Infrastructure Asset (a cross transaction between the Company and one or more KKR Vehicles, subject in each case to applicable procedures and consents as described in Cross Transactions below. 
 
 In addition, subject to the LLC Agreement, the Company could co-invest in an opportunity alongside predecessor funds and successor funds of KKR Vehicles with a strategy that overlaps with that of the Company but is otherwise materially 
 97 

Table of Contents 

 different than that of the Company, including co-investments with the flagship KKR fund for a strategy. Conflicts of interest could arise due to the differences between the strategy, term, permitted holding period and factors related to the overall portfolio construction of the Company and that of any such KKR Vehicle, including in particular where the size of the Company s contribution to an acquisition opportunity is smaller than that of a KKR Vehicle (including a flagship KKR fund) or where such a KKR Vehicle is considered the lead investing entity for the relevant opportunity (see also Co-Investments below). 
 
 There can be no assurance that the Company will have an opportunity to participate in certain opportunities that fall within the Company s business objectives (see also Investments in which KKR and/or KKR Vehicles Have a Different Principal Interest below). The KKR Group is permitted to amend its allocation policies and procedures at any time without the consent of the Shareholders or Board. 
 
 To the extent that the Manager determines in good faith that an opportunity is most appropriate for the proprietary principal investment activities of the KKR Group due to the strategic nature of the opportunity as it relates to the business of the KKR Group, including Seed Investments, such investment opportunity (including for the avoidance of doubt, any opportunity that could include the acquisition of assets that individually are within the primary focus of the Company) will be deemed to not be within the focus of the Company and will be allocated to the Balance Sheet as a strategic investment under the Balance Sheet Guidelines. 
 
 There may be circumstances (including, as described above, with respect to portfolios of assets that might be suitable for both the Company and KKR Vehicles), including in the case where there is a seller who is seeking to dispose a pool or combination of assets, securities or instruments, where the Company and KKR Vehicles participate in a single or related series of transactions with a particular seller where certain of such assets, securities or instruments are specifically allocated (in whole or in part) to any of the Company and such KKR Vehicles. Similarly, there may be circumstances where the Company and KKR Vehicles are seeking to dispose of a pool or combination of assets, securities or instruments and participate in a single or related transactions with a particular buyer. The allocation of such specific items generally would be determined on a fair and equitable basis as more fully described above. Also, a pool may contain both debt and equity instruments that the KKR Group determines should be allocated to different vehicles. In such situations the KKR Group would typically acquire (or sell) such pool or combination of assets for a single combined purchase price with no prices specified for individual assets, securities or instruments. Accordingly, the KKR Group will have a conflict in establishing the specific prices to be paid for each asset, security or instrument by the Company and the applicable KKR Vehicles. In some cases a counterparty will require an allocation of value in the purchase or sale contract, though the KKR Group could determine such allocation of value is not accurate and should not be relied upon. The KKR Group will generally rely upon internal analysis to determine the ultimate allocation of value, though it could also obtain third-party valuation reports. There can be no assurance that an Infrastructure Asset of the Company will not be valued or allocated a purchase price that is higher or lower than it might otherwise have been allocated if such Infrastructure Asset were acquired or sold independently rather than as a component of a portfolio shared with KKR Vehicles. These conflicts related to allocation of portfolios will not necessarily be resolved in favor of the Company. 
 
 Seed Investments and certain other KKR proprietary entities targeting Infrastructure Assets in which the Company seeks to acquire will generally be allocated opportunities on a comparable basis to the Company and KKR Vehicles that target such investments, including, with respect to Seed Investments, in order to maintain the integrity of their investment strategy and track record. The application of relevant factors and other considerations discussed above in determining allocations of opportunities between the Company and other opportunistic proprietary accounts could result in a proprietary account taking a non-pro rata (including a greater than pro rata) allocation of any particular opportunity relative to the Company (see Co-Investments below) in either the same or different parts of the target s capital structure or could result in a KKR proprietary entity taking an allocation of an opportunity that is not then made available to the Company. In determining allocations of opportunities participated in by the Company, KKR Vehicles and KKR proprietary entities (including any Seed Investments), the KKR Group will take into account any internal risk limits and other acquisition guidelines established in good faith, from time to time, by the Manager in respect of the Company in addition to restrictions provided under the LLC Agreement. From time to time, an allocation range with a minimum and maximum amount will be deemed appropriate for the Company, with the amount above the minimum being offered to third parties in order to facilitate a transaction. In the event that the third parties do not participate fully in the offered amount, the Company will be allocated the balance, up to its maximum allocation. Nothing herein or in the LLC Agreement precludes, restricts or in any way limits the activities of the KKR Group, including its ability to buy or sell interests in, or provide financing to, funds or portfolio companies, for its own account or for the account of other investment funds or clients. 
 
 98 

Table of Contents 

 The Company s share of acquisition opportunities will be materially affected by competition from KKR Vehicles and from KKR proprietary entities including any Seed Investments. The Company will not have any priority in respect of any category of opportunities and as stated above under this heading, allocation of acquisition opportunities in accordance with the KKR Group s allocation methodology could result in the Company being allocated less than a pro rata share of an opportunity or none of such opportunity. 
 
 The KKR Group believes that the Balance Sheet s strategic investments and operational funding activities are appropriate solely for proprietary investment activities and therefore not within the investment focus of any KKR Vehicle. As such, strategic investments and operational funding activities are not typically allocated to KKR Vehicles (including the Company). 
 
 In addition, certain types of opportunistic investments made by the Balance Sheet involve investment opportunities that are not within an investment mandate of the KKR Vehicles or that have been declined by the investment committees of the KKR Vehicles. Further, investments made by the Balance Sheet because they are not within the mandate of the Company or any KKR Vehicle or because they have been declined by the executive committee of the Company or KKR Vehicles would typically be offered for co-investment alongside the Balance Sheet to certain KKR Vehicles that are separately managed accounts whose investment mandates include investments made alongside the Balance Sheet. The amount allocated to any such KKR Vehicle would depend on various factors, including suitability of investment, available capital, concentration limits and other investment restrictions, the investment s risk profile and to the extent applicable, consent of investor(s) in such KKR Vehicles. 
 
 Aggregation of Orders 
 
 Sales of securities and other instruments for the account of the Company (particularly marketable securities) can be bunched or aggregated with orders for KKR Vehicles or KKR proprietary vehicles. It is frequently not possible to receive the same price or execution on the entire volume of securities sold, and the various prices will generally, in such circumstances, be averaged, which could be disadvantageous to the Company. 
 
 Co-Investments 
 
 As indicated above and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the Company could co-invest together with KKR Vehicles and/or certain opportunistic KKR proprietary Balance Sheet entities in some or all of the Company s opportunities. The KKR Group will also from time to time offer co-investment opportunities to KKR parallel vehicles, other vehicles in which KKR Personnel, Senior Advisors, KKR Advisors, Executive Advisors, Industry Advisors, Capstone Executives and other associated persons of the KKR Group or any KKR affiliates or any of their affiliated entities might invest and third-party co-investors (including Shareholders and prospective shareholders) and special purpose vehicles established and administered by the KKR Group to facilitate the investments and related investment decisions and activities of such third party co-investors (collectively, Co-Investors ). In determining the allocation of co-investment opportunities to applicable Co-Investors, the KKR Group considers a multitude of factors, including its own interest in investing in the opportunity. 
 
 With respect to the syndication of co-investment opportunities to third-party Co-Investors, the KKR Group will take into account various factors it deems appropriate to limit the overall risk of the syndication. While these factors will vary from opportunity to opportunity, the most important are: whether a prospective Co-Investor has expressed an interest in evaluating co-investment opportunities; the financial resources of the prospective Co-Investor and its commitment to satisfy certain minimum/maximum investment amounts and its ability to provide the requisite capital and complete a co-investment opportunity within the specified timeframe based on the KKR Group s prior experience with such prospective Co-Investor; the size of the prospective Co-Investor s commitments to the Company and KKR Vehicles and the importance of such prospective Co-Investor for future business with KKR; the overall strategic benefit to the KKR Group of offering a co-investment opportunity to such potential Co-Investor; attributes of the applicable investment opportunity that could be attractive to a potential Co-Investor based on its investment objectives, its ability to contribute to the business or its geographic proximity to the investment; the economic terms on which such prospective Co-Investor will agree to participate; ease of process with respect to arranging a co-investment group; any legal, regulatory or tax considerations to which the proposed investment is expected to give rise; and such other factors that the KKR Group deems relevant under the circumstances. As a result, co-investment opportunities are not allocated pro rata among the Shareholders. There can be no assurances that any particular Shareholder will be given the opportunity to participate in any co-investment opportunities, even if such Shareholder has expressed an interest in evaluating co-investment opportunities, and certain Shareholders will potentially receive a disproportionate amount of co-investment opportunities during the Company s 
 99 

Table of Contents 

 investment period. Consistent with the KKR Group s practice in connection with some KKR Vehicles, the Manager or its affiliates might establish and administer dedicated special purpose vehicles for specific Shareholders in order to facilitate and administer one or more co-investments and related investment decisions and activities by the relevant Shareholders as Co-Investors alongside the Company. Any such special purpose vehicles will be established in the Manager s or its affiliates sole discretion, and the Manager and its affiliates have no obligation to offer a similar opportunity to any other Shareholder. 
 
 In circumstances where the Company participates in an acquisition with one or more Co-Investors, the size of the opportunity otherwise available to the Company may be less than it would otherwise have been. In particular, the Manager has the right to reserve a portion of the amount of an opportunity that is otherwise allocated to, and could be made by, the Company for sale to other persons (the Reserved Co-Invest Amount ), including without limitation to the KKR Group, KKR Personnel, KKR Vehicles and/or third parties. In addition to allocating the Reserved Co-Invest Amount on an investment-by-investment basis, the KKR Group could establish KKR Vehicles that are entitled to receive an allocation of some or all of the Reserved Co-Invest Amount with respect to every acquisition by the Company or to a subset of the Company s acquisitions. For the avoidance of doubt, in addition to and without limiting any Reserved Co-Invest Amount, any person, including the KKR Group and KKR Personnel, could participate in a co-investment in an amount that exceeds the Reserved Co-Invest Amount in circumstances where there is a permitted syndication of co-investment opportunities to third-party Co-Investors. 
 
 KKR proprietary Balance Sheet entities and Co-Investors established principally for the benefit of KKR Personnel, Senior Advisors, Executive Advisors, Industry Advisors, KKR Advisors, Capstone Executives and other associated persons of the KKR Group or any of its affiliates (which might include executives of KKR fund portfolio companies and external consultants) typically will not be subject to management fees or carried interest allocations, performance fees or other performance-related compensation but are generally allocated Broken Deal Expenses, monitoring and transaction fees based on their respective ownership of the relevant portfolio company (with the KKR Group retaining such allocable amounts). Management fees, carried interest, administration and/or other fees applicable to other Co-Investors will be established by the KKR Group in its sole discretion and, as indicated above under Fees and could be less or more than those applicable to the Company. Certain Co-Investors not comprising Co-Investors established for the benefit of KKR Personnel, Senior Advisors, Executive Advisors, Industry Advisors, KKR Advisors, Capstone Executives and other associated persons of the KKR Group or any of its affiliates will not be subject to or otherwise charged any management fees, Performance Participation Allocation and/or other carried interest or other performance compensation, administration fees or other fees. 
 
 Subject to the terms of the LLC Agreement certain Co-Investors co-investing with the Company could invest on different (and more favorable) terms than those applicable to the Company and have interests or requirements that conflict with and adversely impact the Company (for example, with respect to their liquidity requirements, available capital, the timing of acquisitions and dispositions or control rights). Subject to the LLC Agreement, the KKR Group will generally seek to ensure that the Company, any KKR Vehicles, KKR proprietary entities, the KKR Group and Co-Investors participate in any co-investment and any related transactions on comparable economic terms to the extent reasonably practicable and subject to legal, tax and regulatory considerations. Shareholders should note, however, that such participation could not be practicable in all circumstances and will depend on terms negotiated by such co-investors in their sole discretion and that the Company could potentially participate in such acquisitions on different and potentially less favorable economic terms than such parties if the KKR Group deems such participation as being otherwise in the Company s best interests. This could have an adverse impact on the Company. Without limiting the foregoing, although Co-Investors are not offered the opportunity to purchase securities at a price lower than the price paid by the Company, Co-Investors typically do not bear management fees, performance participation allocations or carried interest, and can be offered the opportunity to participate without bearing other fees or expenses borne by the Company (or to receive a rebate or other offset of such fees and expenses). In addition the Manager is permitted to allow any person (excluding KKR affiliates) to participate in an acquisition alongside the Company (such persons, the Equity Partners if, in the Manger s opinion, such participation facilitates the consummation of the acquisition or is otherwise beneficial to the acquisition or the Company. Such Equity Partners could invest on terms that are materially different to the Company (including on more favorable terms, including with respect to price) and could exit at different times and on different terms than the Company. 
 
 Both the Company and the flagship KKR fund participating in an acquisition customarily will provide an equity commitment letter or similar undertaking and related commitments to the seller and/or another relevant counterparty (for example, an applicable regulatory agency) in connection with a potential acquisition covering the entire equity funding obligation for the relevant acquisition, including amounts expected to be funded by parallel vehicles, KKR Vehicles and other Co-Investors, where applicable. Additionally, both the Company and the relevant flagship KKR fund will 
 100 

Table of Contents 

 customarily fund the entire amount of any deposit or similar up-front payment or contribution that is required in connection with a potential acquisition. The KKR Group has adopted policies and procedures governing the allocation of the obligations under such undertakings and the liability with respect to such deposits among the Company, the relevant flagship KKR fund, its parallel vehicles, KKR Vehicles and other Co-Investors. However, KKR Vehicles and other Co-Investors expected to participate in a potential acquisition generally will not be parties to such undertakings or commitments. Therefore, the funding obligation under an equity commitment letter or similar undertaking and any related commitment as well as the risk of loss with respect to any deposit will remain the primary obligation and risk of the Company and the flagship KKR fund, and any parallel vehicles, KKR Vehicles and other Co-Investors participating in the relevant acquisition will be liable only for their respective shares of the funding obligation or deposit as determined under the KKR Group s policies and procedures as and when, and to the extent that they enter into a joinder or other equity commitment undertaking, which (if entered into) typically will not occur until after signing of the relevant transaction documents. 
 
 The Company could provide interim financing to any Infrastructure Asset in connection with or subsequent to a portfolio acquisition by the Company in such Infrastructure Asset (each, a Bridge Financing ). Bridge Financings could be syndicated to one or more Co-Investors to the extent such Co-Investors were not in a position to participate in the relevant co-investment opportunity on or prior to the closing of the Company s participation therein. Generally, investments syndicated to Co-Investors post-closing (including Bridge Financings) are expected to be transferred at cost and without an interest charge or other cost of capital charge payable to the Company. The Company is expected to fund Bridge Financings using cash on hand or drawdowns under the Company s credit facility (to the extent available). The Company will bear the interest expenses on such borrowed amounts and typically will not be reimbursed for such expenses when interests are transferred to Co-Investors, nor will Co-Investors reimburse the Company or otherwise bear any other costs and expenses incurred by the Company in connection with these borrowings or in connection with establishing the credit facility, including without limitation any upfront fees, undrawn fees or associated legal costs or expenses. If a transaction fee is paid in connection with a deal where there is a Bridge Financing, then the Company will be allocated a portion of the transaction fee based on its aggregate funding at closing of the deal (i.e., both its long-term hold amount and any Bridge Financing amount). The entire amount of the transaction fee allocated to the Company will be treated as Other Fees and be offset against Management Fees payable by the Company to the KKR Group (after repayment of Broken Deal Expenses, if applicable). KCM will not earn any syndication fees in connection with the placing of any Bridge Financing to the Company or the subsequent syndication of Bridge Financings to Co-Investors. In circumstances where the Company was allocated a transaction fee for a Bridge Financing, such Bridge Financing will be transferred to Co-Investors post-closing at cost (inclusive of the pro rata portion of the transaction fee allocable to the Bridge Financing). The determination as to whether Balance Sheet entities will fund all or any portion of an investment that is expected to be syndicated to Co-Investors will be made by the Balance Sheet Committee (or one or more of its delegates) based on the interests of the Balance Sheet, including the liquidity profile of the Balance Sheet at the time of the syndication, other syndications in process or expected to be in process and the need for bridging in those other syndications, the likelihood of successfully syndicating the investment and the potential for affiliates of the KKR Group to earn syndication fees in connection with placing the investment with Co-Investors (which fees will not be earned by the KKR Group where investments are syndicated by the Company as Bridge Financings) or, conversely, the risk of a failed syndication and retention of the investment (see Broker-Dealer Activities below). As such, the Balance Sheet will have an incentive not to agree to fund the portion of investments allocated to Co-Investors where the post-closing syndication is expected to be challenging or subject to significant risk of failure. If Balance Sheet entities do not fund all or any portion of the amount of an investment allocated to Co-Investors, it is expected that the Company will fund such amounts (subject to the limitations set forth in the LLC Agreement) as Bridge Financings. The Company will therefore bear the risk that Co-Investors do not purchase some or all of such investment and the risk of a more concentrated exposure to the relevant investment than was originally desired (subject to the single investment limitations outlined in this Annual Report on Form 10-K). 
 
 Where each of the Company, KKR Vehicles and the Balance Sheet fund any portion of an acquisition that is expected to be syndicated to Co-Investors, the post-closing syndication to Co-Investors will be split between the Company, KKR Vehicles and the Balance Sheet based on a ratio agreed between the Company s executive committee, KKR Vehicles and the Balance Sheet prior to closing. If there is insufficient Co-Investor demand and the full amount bridged by the Company, KKR Vehicles and the Balance Sheet in the aggregate is not syndicated, the Company will be left with a more concentrated exposure to the relevant acquisition than was originally desired and a more concentrated exposure than it would have had if the Company s Bridge Financing were transferred to Co-Investors on a priority basis relative to the Balance Sheet. In addition, where the Balance Sheet and/or the Company and/or a KKR Vehicle fund any portion of a follow-on investment that is expected to be syndicated to Co-Investors and any portion of such follow-on investment is not taken up by the relevant Co-Investors, the Balance Sheet and/or the Company and/or a KKR Vehicle will as a result participate in the follow-on investment on a non-pro rata basis relative to their share of the original acquisition. 
 101 

Table of Contents 

In addition to economic interests, the voting, control and governance rights with respect to Joint Ventures or acquisition of Infrastructure Assets in which the Company, KKR Vehicles, KKR proprietary Balance Sheet entities, the KKR Group and/or Co-Investors participate could be structured in a number of ways depending upon various considerations relating to the specific Joint Venture or Infrastructure Asset and the entities participating. For example, voting rights could be allocated pro rata to the participants in a Joint Venture in accordance with their respective equity interests or could be allocated on a disproportionate basis to one or more of the participants. In most cases, the Company and the flagship KKR fund participating in a Joint Venture will jointly control the Joint Venture, even though the Company may only have a minority economic ownership interest in the relevant Joint Venture. Where the flagship KKR fund participating in a Joint Venture alongside the Company has interests or requirements that do not align with those of the Company, including in particular differing liquidity needs or desired ownership horizons, conflicts could arise with respect to the manner in which the voting or governance rights held by the flagship KKR fund are exercised, potentially resulting in an adverse impact on the Company. 
 
 In addition, certain Shareholders could subscribe for Shares on a non-discounted basis, and such investment decisions will potentially be influenced, in whole or in part, by discounted arrangements that such Shareholders have received in connection with their co-investments or other investments in KKR Vehicles. 
 
 The commitment of Co-Investors to an acquisition made by the Company will in some cases be substantial and involve risks not present in acquisitions where such Co-Investors are not involved. While Co-Investors typically bear their share of fees, costs and expenses related to the discovery, investigation, development, acquisition or consummation, ownership, maintenance, monitoring and hedging of their co-investments for consummated acquisitions, such fees, costs and expenses will be borne solely by KKR Vehicles and the Company until such co-investment closes (or permanently if such acquisition does not close). For example, the Company may engage in bona fide hedging transactions in connection with the acquisition, holding, financing, refinancing or disposition of assets, including foreign currency hedging, swaps and other derivative contracts or instruments. Such hedging activity will generally take place after an agreement to acquire a particular asset has been signed but before the transaction closes. In circumstances where Co-Investors participate in an acquisition after it closes, the Company would bear a disproportionate amount of the costs and risks associated with such hedging activity until such time that the Co-Investors contribute their share of fees, costs and expenses. In addition, the Company will at times provide guarantees or other credit support to Infrastructure Assets or entities through which acquisitions of Infrastructure Assets are made. Where Co-Investors or other third-party Shareholders participate in an acquisition, the Company will (where the Manager deems appropriate) guarantee an amount in excess of its proportionate interest in the acquisition, including amounts in respect of the interests of Co-Investors or other third parties, which could remain outstanding on a temporary or ongoing basis over the term of the ownership. In these circumstances, the Company will bear a disproportionate amount of the liabilities and costs associated with the relevant guarantee or other credit support (see also Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Infrastructure Assets and Industry Focus We may need to incur financial leverage to be able to achieve our business objectives. We cannot guarantee the availability of such financings . 
 
 Investments in Which KKR and/or KKR Vehicles Have a Different Principal Interest 
 
 The KKR Group and KKR Vehicles invest in a broad range of asset classes throughout the corporate capital structure. These investments include investments in corporate loans and debt securities, preferred equity securities and common equity securities. Accordingly, the KKR Group and/or KKR Vehicles will from time to time invest in different parts of the capital structure of an entity or other issuer in which the Company invests. 
 
 With respect to Infrastructure Assets of the Company, the Company will seek to acquire controlling or other significant influence positions in some of its Infrastructure Assets and will also seek to acquire some Infrastructure Assets in which it does not acquire such positions. The Company could at times have the ability to elect some or all of the members of the board of directors of its Infrastructure Assets and thereby influence and control their policies and operations, including the appointment of management, future issuances of common stock, or other securities, the payments of dividends, if any, on their common stock, the incurrence of debt, amendments to their certificates of incorporation and bylaws, and entering into extraordinary transactions. Certain actions of an Infrastructure Asset that the KKR Group is in a position to control or influence by reason of the Company s interest in such company could be in the interests of the Company but adverse to the interests of a KKR Vehicle that has also invested in the Infrastructure Asset or vice versa. For example, the Company could have an interest in pursuing an acquisition that would increase indebtedness, a divestiture of revenue-generating assets, or another transaction that, in the KKR Group s judgment, could enhance the value of the Company s assets, but would subject debt investments made by a KKR Vehicle to additional or increased risk. 
 
 102 

Table of Contents 

 In addition, to the extent that the Company is the controlling shareholder of an Infrastructure Asset, the KKR Group 
 is likely to have the ability to determine (or significantly influence) the outcome of all matters requiring shareholder 
 approval and to cause or prevent a change of control of such company or a change in the composition of its board of 
 directors and could preclude any unsolicited acquisition of that entity. The interests of a KKR Vehicle that has invested in 
 the Infrastructure Asset with respect to the management, investment decisions, or operations of an Infrastructure Asset 
 could at times be in direct conflict with those of the Company. As a result, the KKR Group could face actual or apparent 
 conflicts of interest, in particular in exercising powers of control over such Infrastructure Assets. 
 
 For example, with respect to the Company s interests in certain companies, members of the KKR Group and/or KKR Vehicles could invest in debt issued by the same companies. The interests of the Company will not be aligned in all circumstances with the interests of the KKR Group or KKR Vehicles to the extent that they hold debt interests, which could create actual or potential conflicts of interest or the appearance of such conflicts. In that regard, actions could be taken by the KKR Group and/or the KKR Vehicles that are adverse to the Company. The interests of the Company, the KKR Group and/or KKR Vehicles investing in different parts of the capital structure of an Infrastructure Asset are particularly likely to conflict in the case of financial distress of the company. For example, if additional financing is necessary as a result of financial or other difficulties of an Infrastructure Asset, it will generally not be in the best interests of a KKR Vehicle, as a holder of debt issued by such company, to provide such additional financing and the ability of the Manager or the KKR Group to recommend such additional financing as being in the best interests of the Company might be impaired. In addition, it is possible that, in a bankruptcy proceeding, the Company s interests could be subordinated or otherwise adversely affected by virtue of the KKR Group s and/or such KKR Vehicles involvement and actions relating to their investment. There can be no assurance that the term of or the return on the Company s investment will be equivalent to or better than the term of or the returns obtained by the KKR Vehicles participating in the transaction. This could result in a loss or substantial dilution of the Company s Infrastructure Asset, while the KKR Group or a KKR Vehicle recovers all or part of amounts due to it. Similarly, the Manager s ability to implement the Company s strategies effectively will be limited to the extent that contractual obligations entered into in respect of the activities of the KKR Group and/or KKR Vehicles impose restrictions on the Company engaging in transactions that the Manager would be interested in otherwise pursuing. 
 
 In addition, from time to time, the Company could participate in releveraging and recapitalization transactions involving issuers of the Company s acquisitions in which the KKR Group and/or KKR Vehicles have invested or will invest. Recapitalization transactions will present conflicts of interest, including determinations of whether existing investors are being cashed out at a price that is higher or lower than market value and whether new investors are paying too high or too low a price for the company or purchasing securities with terms that are more or less favorable than the prevailing market terms. 
 
 The Company, its Infrastructure Assets and other entities in or through which the Company acquires Infrastructure Assets will enter into deal-contingent hedging arrangements with respect to prospective Company Infrastructure Assets. Under these arrangements, in exchange for a fixed fee a bank or other counterparty unaffiliated with the KKR Group will agree to assume the market risk associated with a hedging arrangement entered into by or on behalf of the Company or such other entity in or through which a potential Infrastructure Asset is proposed to be acquired (e.g., with respect to FX or interest rate risk) in the event that the relevant Infrastructure Asset ultimately is not consummated. A member of the KKR Group will in turn enter into agreements with such counterparty pursuant to which such member of the KKR Group agrees to assume some portion of the market risk under the deal-contingent hedging arrangement in consideration for a portion of the fee payable to such counterparty (see also Fees above). In these circumstances, the interests of the KKR Group member receiving this Indirect Fee in a deal-contingent hedging arrangement will not always be aligned with the interests of the Company. For example, if there is a market decline between the time the deal-contingent hedging arrangement is entered into and the closing of the investment, then the member of the KKR Group participating in such hedging arrangement will be facing an unrealized loss (which could be substantial) that could be avoided by consummating the investment since the loss would only by realized if the investment does not close. Conversely, if there is a market increase between the time the deal-contingent hedging arrangement is entered into and the closing of the investment, then the member of the KKR Group participating in such hedging arrangement will be facing an unrealized gain (which could be substantial) that could be realized by not consummating the investment since the gain would only be crystallized if the investment does not close. As a result, the KKR Group will face actual or apparent conflicts of interest in connection with the consummation (or abandonment) of an investment with respect to which a member of the KKR Group has participated in a related deal-contingent hedging arrangement. 
 
 Competing Interests; Allocation of Resources 
 
 103 

Table of Contents 

 As noted under KKR s Investment Advisory and Proprietary Activities above, the KKR Group could make investments on behalf of itself and/or KKR Vehicles that are competitive to the Company s acquisitions (for example, a KKR Vehicle could invest in a portfolio company (in which, for these purposes, the Company will have no interest) that competes with an Infrastructure Asset of the Company). In providing advice and recommendations to, or with respect to, such investments and in dealing in such investments on behalf of such KKR Vehicles or the KKR Group, to the extent permitted by law, the KKR Group will not take into consideration the interests of the Company and its Infrastructure Assets. Accordingly, such advice, recommendations and dealings could result in adverse consequences to the Company or its Infrastructure Assets. Conflicts of interest could also arise with respect to the allocation of the KKR Group s time and resources between such portfolio companies and other investments. In addition, in providing services in respect of such portfolio companies and other investments, the KKR Group will at times come into possession of information that it is prohibited from acting on (including on behalf of the Company) or disclosing as a result of applicable confidentiality requirements or applicable law, even though such action or disclosure would be in the interests of the Company. To the extent not restricted by confidentiality requirements or applicable law, the KKR Group could apply experience and information gained in providing services to Infrastructure Assets of the Company to provide services to competing portfolio companies and investments of the KKR Group or KKR Vehicles, which could have adverse consequences for the Company or its assets (see also Limitations on Information Sharing within KKR; Possession of Material Non-Public Information; Other Limitations on Leveraging Firm-Wide Resources below). 
 
 In addition, the KKR Group will receive various kinds of portfolio company data and information (including from portfolio companies of KKR funds and KKR Vehicles), including information relating to business operations, trends, budgets, customers and other metrics. As a result, the KKR Group will likely be better able to anticipate macroeconomic and other trends, and otherwise develop investment themes, as a result of information learned from a portfolio company and/or entity. In furtherance of the foregoing, the KKR Group will generally seek to enter into information sharing and use arrangements with portfolio companies. The KKR Group believes that access to this information will further the interests of the Shareholders by providing opportunities for operational improvements across portfolio companies and for the KKR Group to utilize such information in connection with the Company s management activities. Subject to appropriate contractual arrangements and the KKR Group s policies and procedures on the proper handling of private and confidential information, the KKR Group will at times also utilize such information outside of the Company s activities in a manner that provides a material benefit to the KKR Group in which the Company would not participate. For example, information from an Infrastructure Asset owned by the Company could enable the KKR Group to better understand a particular industry and execute trading and investment strategies in reliance on that understanding for the KKR Group or KKR Vehicles that do not own an interest in such Infrastructure Asset, without compensation or benefit to the Company or its Infrastructure Assets. However, the acquisition of certain confidential or material, non-public information could also limit the ability of the Company to buy or sell particular securities. The benefits received by the KKR Group from any such arrangements will not offset management fees or otherwise be shared with investors.As a result of the foregoing, the Manager could have an incentive to pursue acquisitions of companies based on their data and information and/or to utilize such information in a manner that benefits the KKR Group or KKR Vehicles. The KKR Group engages in a broad range of business activities and invests in portfolio companies whose operations could be substantially similar to the Infrastructure Assets of the Company. The performance and operation of such competing businesses could conflict with and adversely affect the performance and operation of the Infrastructure Assets of the Company, and adversely affect the prices and availability of business opportunities or transactions available to such Infrastructure Assets. 
 
 It is possible that KKR Personnel, Senior Advisors, Executive Advisors, Industry Advisors, KKR Advisors, KKR Capstone (and other Technical Consultants) personnel and other consultants serve on the boards of portfolio companies and in such capacity receive directors fees that are retained in whole or in part by the relevant individuals. KKR Personnel, Senior Advisors, Executive Advisors, Industry Advisors, KKR Advisors, KKR Capstone (and other Technical Consultants) personnel and other consultants could also serve as directors or interim executives of, or otherwise be associated with, companies that are competitors of certain Infrastructure Assets of the Company. In such cases, such individuals will generally be subject to fiduciary and other obligations to make decisions that they believe to be in the best interests of the relevant companies. In most cases involving the Company s Infrastructure Assets, given that the Company would generally be a significant investor in such companies, the interests of the Company and its Infrastructure Assets would generally be expected to be aligned, although this will not always be the case, particularly if Infrastructure Assets are likely to be in financial difficulty. It would also be expected that the interests of a competitor company would often not be aligned with those of the Company or the Company s Infrastructure Assets. This could result in a conflict between the relevant individual s obligations to an Infrastructure Asset or competitor company and the interests of the Company. Such conflict could be addressed to the detriment of the competitor company and the interests of the Company. In some circumstances, having KKR Personnel serve as directors or interim executives of an Infrastructure Asset of the Company or another 
 104 

Table of Contents 

 company (including, for these purposes, a portfolio company of the KKR Group or any KKR Vehicle) will restrict the ability of the Company to invest directly in an opportunity that also constitutes an opportunity for such company. 
 
 Limitations on Information Sharing within KKR; Possession of Material Non-Public Information; Other Limitations on Leveraging Firm-Wide Resources 
 
 The KKR Group has adopted information-sharing policies and procedures that address both (i) the handling of confidential information and (ii) the information barrier that exists between the public and private sides of the KKR Group. The KKR Group s credit and public equity professionals (i.e., those engaged by KKR Credit) are generally on the public side of the KKR Group, although some members of the KKR Credit team are also on the private side of the KKR Group (i.e. part of the KKR Private Markets business). The KKR Group s private equity, growth equity, energy and infrastructure and real estate professionals, Senior Advisors, Executive Advisors, Industry Advisors and KKR Advisors are on the private side of the KKR Group, the Manager and the KKR Group s broker-dealer professionals could be on the private or public side of the KKR Group depending on their roles. The KKR Group has compliance functions to administer the KKR Group s information-sharing policies and procedures and monitor potential conflicts of interest. Although the Company plans to leverage the KKR Group s firm-wide resources to help source, conduct due diligence on, structure, syndicate and create value for the Company s Infrastructure Assets, the KKR Group s information-sharing policies and procedures referenced above, as well as certain legal, contractual and tax constraints, could significantly limit the Company s ability to do so. For example, from time to time, the KKR Group s private equity, growth equity or broker-dealer professionals will be in possession of material non-public information with respect to the Company s Infrastructure Assets or potential Infrastructure Assets (particularly, but not limited to, where the Company acquires or proposes to acquire Infrastructure Assets in which a KKR Vehicle holds equity), and, as a result, such professionals will be restricted by the KKR Group s information-sharing policies, or by law or contract, from sharing such information with the KKR Group s professionals responsible for making the Company s business decisions, even where the disclosure of such information would be in the best interests of the Company or would otherwise influence the decisions taken by such executives with respect to such acquisition or potential acquisition. Accordingly, as a result of such restrictions, the investment activities of the KKR Group s other businesses could differ from, or be inconsistent with, the interests of and activities that are undertaken for the account of the Company and there can be no assurance that the Company will be able to leverage all of the available resources and industry expertise of the KKR Group s other businesses fully. Additionally, there could be circumstances in which one or more individuals associated with the KKR Group, including investment executives and committee members otherwise involved in the activities of the Company, will be precluded from providing services to the Company or from being involved in specific acquisition-related activities or decisions because of certain confidential information available to those individuals or to other parts of the KKR Group or because of other applicable legal or regulatory restrictions resulting from their involvement in activities of KKR Vehicles (see Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Structure Our ability to achieve our business objective depends on the ability of the Manager to identify, acquire and support our Infrastructure Assets ). In such circumstances, applicable legal or regulatory restrictions (or applicable information barrier policies or other related compliance policies) could require such investment executives to recuse themselves from the relevant Company committees or otherwise from participating in acquisition activities or decisions relating to the Company s acquisitions or alternatively, the KKR Group could determine that such investment executives should so recuse themselves to ensure that they can participate in the investment activities and decisions of KKR Vehicles. The Company could be adversely impacted in such circumstances. 
 
 While the KKR Group has established information barriers between its public and private sides as described above, the KKR Group does not, separately within each such division, generally establish information barriers between internal investment teams. In addition, information will at times be shared or wall crossed between the public and private sides of the KKR Group pursuant to the KKR Group s information barrier procedures. 
 
 The nature of the KKR Group s business and the business of its affiliates, including, without limitation, participation by KKR Personnel in creditors committees, steering committees or boards of directors of portfolio companies and potential portfolio companies, results in it receiving material non-public information from time to time with respect to publicly held companies or otherwise becoming an insider with respect to such companies. With limited exceptions (as described above), the KKR Group does not establish information barriers between its internal investment teams. Trading by members of the KKR Group on the basis of such information, or improperly disclosing such information, will in some cases be restricted pursuant to applicable law and/or internal policies and procedures adopted by the KKR Group to promote compliance with applicable law. Accordingly, the possession of inside information or insider status with respect to such an entity by the KKR Group or KKR Personnel could, including where an appropriate information barrier does not exist between the relevant investment professionals or has been crossed by such professionals, significantly restrict the ability of the Manager to deal in the securities of that entity on behalf of the Company, which could adversely impact the 
 105 

Table of Contents 

 Company, including by preventing the execution of an otherwise advisable purchase or sale transaction in a particular security until such information ceases to be regarded as material non-public information, which could have an adverse effect on the overall performance of such asset. In addition, members of the KKR Group in possession of such information could be prevented from disclosing such information to the KKR Group, even where the disclosure of such information would be in the interests of the Company. The KKR Group will at times also be subject to contractual stand-still obligations and/or confidentiality obligations that restrict its ability to trade in certain securities on behalf of the Company. 
 
 In certain circumstances, the Company or the Manager could engage an independent agent to dispose of securities of issuers in which the KKR Group would be deemed to have material non-public information on behalf of the Company. Such independent agent could dispose of the relevant securities for a price that could be lower than the Manager s valuation of such securities which would otherwise take into account the material non-public information known to the KKR Group in respect of the relevant issuer. 
 
 Other Affiliate Transactions 
 
 To the extent permitted in the LLC Agreement and by applicable law, the KKR Group will engage in transactions with the Company and its affiliates by purchasing investments from or through the KKR Group as principal, or co-investing with the KKR Group and KKR Vehicles in Infrastructure Assets, and will invest in entities in which the KKR Group holds material investments. The Company will also potentially acquire Infrastructure Assets from time to time in transactions where a member of the KKR Group that is a registered broker-dealer is acting as agent, broker, principal, arranger or syndicate manager or member on the other side of the transaction or for other parties in the transaction, only to the extent that the Manager believes in good faith that the terms of such transactions, taken as a whole, are appropriate for the Company and are otherwise in accordance with applicable law. It is possible that the Manager will be required under the LLC Agreement to obtain the consent of the Board (or the non-independent members thereof) to enter into certain of the Company s potential acquisitions and the failure of the Board (or the non-independent members thereof) to grant any such consent would prevent the Company from consummating such acquisitions and, therefore, could adversely affect the Company. 
 
 The Company is expected to borrow money from multiple lenders, including the KKR Group, as provided for by the LLC Agreement. Further, an affiliated broker-dealer of the KKR Group will receive fees directly from the Company in connection with arranging any such financing for the Company. Although the Manager will approve such transactions only on terms, including the consideration to be paid, that are determined by the Manager in good faith to be appropriate for the Company, it is possible that the KKR Group s interests as a lender could be in conflict with those of the Company and the interests of the Shareholders. The Manager is responsible for pursuing the Company s business objectives, is under common control with the KKR Group and will encounter conflicts where, for example, a decision regarding the acquisition, holding or disposition of an Infrastructure Asset is considered attractive or advantageous for the Company yet poses a risk of economic loss of principal to the KKR Group as lender. If such conflicts arise, potential shareholders should be aware that the KKR Group could act to protect its own interests as a lender ahead of the Company s business interests. 
 
 In connection with selling investments by way of a public offering, an affiliated broker-dealer of the KKR Group could act as the managing underwriter or a member of the underwriting syndicate on a firm commitment basis (provided that such affiliated broker-dealer of the KKR Group will not purchase Infrastructure Assets from the Company in that capacity). The KKR Group could also, on behalf of the Company, effect transactions, including transactions in the secondary markets where the KKR Group is also acting as a broker or other advisor on the other side of the same transaction. Notwithstanding that the KKR Group will not always receive commissions from such agency cross transactions as indicated above, it could nonetheless have a potential conflict of interest regarding the Company and the other parties to those transactions to the extent it receives commissions or other compensation from such other parties (see also Broker-Dealer Activities below). The KKR Group will retain any commissions, remuneration or other profits made in such transactions. The Manager will approve any transactions in which an affiliated broker-dealer of the KKR Group acts as an underwriter, as broker for the Company, or as broker or advisor on the other side of a transaction with the Company only where the Manager believes in good faith that such transactions are appropriate for the Company and, by executing a subscription agreement, a Shareholder will consent to all such transactions, along with the other transactions involving conflicts of interest described herein, to the fullest extent permitted by law. 
 
 In addition, two or more Infrastructure Assets in which the Company and/or KKR Vehicles, KKR proprietary vehicles and/or other persons (collectively, Other Participants hold an interest could merge or otherwise enter into a business or asset combination transaction (such merged or combined companies, businesses or assets, the Successor Company ). In such transactions, the Company and such Other Participants could have varying or no interests in any of such Infrastructure 
 106 

Table of Contents 

 Assets participating in such merger or combination. Following such merger or combination, the Company and the Other Participants will exchange securities issued by their existing Infrastructure Assets, as applicable, for or otherwise hold or receive securities in the Successor Company. If any of the Infrastructure Assets involved in any such merger or business or asset combination (or their relevant businesses or assets) are under- or over-valued in connection with such merger or combination, the Company and or any of such Other Participants will receive too great or too small an interest in the Successor Company, which could adversely impact the Company and/or such Other Participants and could otherwise be viewed as causing an indirect transfer of value between the Company and such Other Participants. Notwithstanding such transfer of value, such merger or combination transactions generally will not constitute or otherwise be treated by the Company as principal or cross transactions that are subject to the restrictions applicable to such transactions pursuant to the LLC Agreement. 
 
 Cross Transactions 
 
 The Manager could seek to effect a purchase or sale of an Infrastructure Asset between the Company and one or more KKR Vehicles. The Company might seek to sell an Infrastructure Asset that evolves to have a lower risk and return profile and longer than expected holding period (or other relevant characteristics) to the Core Investment Platform and/or certain KKR Vehicles making core equity investments (including those treated as KKR proprietary entities). For example, KKR proprietary Balance Sheet capital makes up more than 30 of the aggregate capital invested in the Core Investment Platform and, as such, the KKR Group treats the Core Investment Platform as a KKR proprietary entity. In such a transaction, in the absence of the participation of other sellers alongside the Company or other buyers alongside the KKR Vehicles, (including potentially the Core Investment Platform), the relevant Infrastructure Asset would be disposed of by the Company at a purchase price negotiated entirely by the KKR Group on both sides of the transaction. The concentration of the KKR Group s proprietary capital in the KKR Vehicles such as the Core Investment Platform on the buy side of these transactions creates an incentive for the KKR Group to arrange for the sale of the Infrastructure Asset at a price more favorable to those KKR Vehicles and less favorable to the Company. However, in addition to the requirement to seek the approval of the non-affiliated members of the Board for a principal transaction, the KKR Group might elect to take steps that seek to mitigate the KKR Group s conflict of interest in these potential transactions on behalf of the Company, such as identifying a third party to participate in or lead the sell-side negotiations alongside the Company or running a sale auction to support the price of the transaction. 
 
 More generally, and without limiting the foregoing, the Manager will from time to time purchase an Infrastructure Asset or companies from a closed-end KKR Vehicle, in which the investors of such closed-end KKR Vehicle are given the opportunity to continue their investment in the relevant assets, in whole or in part (a continuation vehicle ). A continuation vehicle could also involve participation by KKR proprietary entities, KKR Vehicles and/or third parties. If the Company acquired the relevant Infrastructure Asset alongside the relevant closed-end KKR Vehicle, then the Company will need to decide whether to participate in the sale to the continuation vehicle or continue to hold its the Infrastructure Asset alongside the continuation vehicle. If the Company elects to sell to the continuation vehicle, the Shareholders will not be given the opportunity to participate in the continuation vehicle. The sale of an Infrastructure Asset to a continuation vehicle will result in members of the KKR Group disposing of their interests in the Infrastructure Asset at a later time than the Company and otherwise taking actions with respect to such Infrastructure Asset that are different than the actions taken by the Company. As such, the Manager and other members of the KKR Group could ultimately receive a return that is higher than the return achieved by the Company. Although the sale of an Infrastructure Asset to a continuation vehicle would in many cases constitute a cross transaction, such transactions could be structured in a manner that does not constitute a cross 
 transaction. The Company may also seek to purchase interests in a continuation vehicle in which KKR Vehicles are 
 also participating in such related transaction. 
 
 Under certain circumstances, a KKR Group proprietary entity could seek to hold a co-investment interest when Company sells, due to differences in strategy, asset allocation objectives or liquidity needs. The KKR Group would obtain any consents required under the LLC Agreement prior to doing so and would endeavor to determine whether there would be a negative impact on the valuations of Company prior to implementing a hold strategy for a KKR proprietary account. However, there can be no assurances that such variations in timing of dispositions will not result in a difference in performance for such entities, which could mean better performance for such KKR proprietary entity. 
 
 A KKR proprietary entity could acquire an Infrastructure Asset of the Company on terms negotiated with the management of the Infrastructure Asset in a transaction that does not involve securities or advisory clients of the KKR Group on either side of the transaction. These transactions do not constitute principal transactions or cross transactions that are subject to the restrictions described above applicable to such transactions. To the extent that such transactions are appropriate 
 107 

Table of Contents 

 acquisitions for the Company, as well as a KKR proprietary entity, the KKR Group will allocate such transactions in accordance with the allocation procedures described above. For instance, it is possible for such opportunities to be allocated, in accordance with the allocation procedures described above, solely to a KKR proprietary entity (including, for instance, the Balance Sheet) instead of the Company or vice-versa. 
 
 The KKR Group and KKR Vehicles could sell an Infrastructure Asset interest to an investor in a KKR Vehicle (including the Company) holding the same Infrastructure Asset or an investor in another KKR Vehicle (including the Company) that is not invested in the Infrastructure Asset. Because such proposed sales are from KKR Vehicles (and not the KKR Group) and to limited partners of KKR Vehicle and not clients as defined under the Advisers Act, the KKR Group does not consider such sale transactions to be principal transactions. The KKR Group has policies and procedures on effecting sales of Infrastructure Asset interests to KKR investors in order to manage conflicts of interest that could arise in these circumstances. 
 
 In addition, two or more portfolio companies in which the Company and/or KKR Vehicles, KKR proprietary vehicles and/or other persons (collectively, Other Participants hold an interest could merge or otherwise enter into a business or asset combination transaction (such merged or combined companies, businesses or assets, the Successor Company ). In such transactions, the Company and such Other Participants could have varying or no interests in any of such portfolio companies participating in such merger or combination. Following such merger or combination, the Company and the Other Participants will exchange securities issued by their existing portfolio companies, as applicable, for or otherwise hold or receive securities in the Successor Company. If any of the portfolio companies involved in any such merger or business or asset combination (or their relevant businesses or assets) are under- or over-valued in connection with such merger or combination, the Company and or any of such Other Participants will receive too great or too small an interest in the Successor Company, which could adversely impact the Company and/or such Other Participants and could otherwise be viewed as causing an indirect transfer of value between the Company and such Other Participants. Notwithstanding such transfer of value, such merger or combination transactions generally will not constitute or otherwise be treated by the Company as principal or cross transactions that are subject to the restrictions applicable to such transactions pursuant to the LLC Agreement. 
 
 The conflict of interest provisions of the LLC Agreement apply to securities and other assets held by the Company or a KKR Vehicle for which the Company or such KKR Vehicle has contributed capital or otherwise funded investment amounts. Such provisions do not apply to contractual rights of participation (or subsidiary holding vehicles that have secured such contractual rights of participation) in actual or potential acquisition opportunities or equity commitment letters entered into by the Company, such KKR Vehicle or any subsidiary holding vehicle thereof in respect of prospective acquisition opportunities. As a result, if the Company or a KKR Vehicle declines to exercise any contractual rights of participation in actual or potential acquisition opportunities, the participation by the Company or a KKR Vehicle, as applicable, in such acquisition opportunity shall not constitute a conflicted transaction subject to Board (or independent director) consent. Further, if the Company or a KKR Vehicle elects to assign all or any portion of an equity commitment letter (or a subsidiary holding vehicle that entered into such equity commitment letter) to a KKR Vehicle or the Company, as applicable, such assignment will not constitute a conflicted transaction subject to Board (or independent director) consent. 
 
 Infrastructure Asset Service Providers 
 
 The Company and its Infrastructure Assets are permitted to engage an Infrastructure Asset of the Company or portfolio company of a KKR Vehicle Portfolio Company Service Providers engaged by the Company and its Infrastructure Assets to provide some or all of the following services: (a) management services with respect to an Infrastructure Asset (i.e., management of operational services); (b) operational services with respect to an Infrastructure Asset (i.e., general management of an Infrastructure Asset s day to day operations); (c) transaction support services with respect to actual or potential acquisitions (including, without limitation, managing relationships with brokers and other potential sources of acquisitions, identifying and sourcing potential acquisitions, coordinating with investors, assembling relevant information, conducting financial and market analyses and modelling, coordinating closing/post-closing procedures for acquisitions, dispositions and other transactions, coordination of design and development activities, assistance with due diligence, marketing and distribution, overseeing brokers, lawyers, accountants and other advisors, providing in-house legal and accounting services, assistance with due diligence, preparation of project feasibilities, site visits and transaction consulting); (d) corporate support services (including, without limitation, accounts payable, accounting/audit (including valuation support services), account management, insurance, procurement, placement, brokerage, consulting, cash management, finance/budget, corporate secretarial services, data management, directorship services, domiciliation, human resources, information technology/systems support, internal compliance/KYC, judicial processes, legal, operational 
 108 

Table of Contents 

 coordination (i.e., coordination with Joint Ventures partners), risk management, reporting, tax, tax analysis and compliance (e.g., CIT and VAT compliance), transfer pricing and internal risk control, treasury and valuation services) and (e) loan servicing and management (including, without limitation, monitoring, restructuring and work-out of performing, sub-performing and nonperforming loans, administrative services, and cash management). Similarly, KKR Vehicles and their portfolio companies are permitted to engage Portfolio Company Service Providers of the Company or KKR Vehicles to provide some or all of these services. Some of the services performed by a Portfolio Company Service Provider could also be performed by KKR from time to time and vice versa. Fees paid by the Company or its Infrastructure Assets to Portfolio Company Service Providers owned by KKR Vehicles will not be shared with the Company or offset against the Management Fees or carried interest payable by the Company. 
 
 KKR does not expect a Portfolio Company Service Provider providing management services with respect to an Infrastructure Asset of the Company (i.e., acting as an operating partner) to invest its capital alongside the Company in such Infrastructure Asset. However, individual executives of the management team of a Portfolio Company Service Provider providing such management services with respect to an asset of the Company could co-invest alongside the Company in such asset as part of such executives compensation arrangements with such Portfolio Company Service Provider to enhance alignment of interest. Portfolio Company Service Providers utilized by Infrastructure Assets of the Company or KKR Vehicles will receive compensation for their services, including through incentive based compensation payable to their management teams and other related parties, which could be calculated on an aggregate basis across multiple Infrastructure Assets. The incentive based compensation paid to a Portfolio Company Service Provider with respect to an Infrastructure Asset of the Company or a KKR Vehicle could vary from the incentive based compensation paid to such Portfolio Company Service Provider with respect to other Infrastructure Assets of the Company or such KKR Vehicle; as a result the management team of (or other related parties associated with) a Portfolio Company Service Provider could have greater incentives with respect to certain Infrastructure Assets relative to others, and the performance of certain Infrastructure Assets could provide incentives to retain a Portfolio Company Service Provider that also services other Infrastructure Assets. Portfolio Company Service Providers owned by the Company or KKR Vehicles could charge the Company and its Infrastructure Assets for goods and services at rates generally consistent with those available in the market for similar goods and services or, alternatively, could pass through expenses on a cost reimbursement, no-profit or break-even basis, in which case the Portfolio Company Service Provider allocates costs and expenses directly associated with work performed for the benefit of the Company and its Infrastructure Assets to them, along with any related tax costs and an allocation of such Portfolio Company Service Provider s overhead, including some or all of the following: salaries, wages, benefits and travel expenses; marketing and advertising fees and expenses; legal, accounting and other professional fees and disbursements; office space and equipment; insurance premiums; technology expenditures, including hardware and software costs; costs to engage recruiting firms to hire employees; diligence expenses; one-time costs, including costs related to building-out and winding-down an Infrastructure Asset; taxes; and other operating and capital expenditures. Any of the foregoing costs, although allocated in a particular period, will, in certain circumstances, relate to activities occurring outside the period, and therefore the Company could pay more than it s pro rata portion of fees for services. The allocation of overhead among the entities and assets to which services are provided can be expected to be based on any of a number of different methodologies, including, without limitation, cost basis as described above, time-allocation basis or fixed percentage basis. There can be no assurance that a different manner of allocation would result in the Company and its Infrastructure Assets bearing less or more costs and expenses. The KKR Group will not always perform or obtain benchmarking analysis or third-party verification of expenses with respect to services provided on a cost reimbursement, no profit or break even basis. There can be no assurance that amounts charged by Portfolio Company Service Providers that are not controlled by the Company or KKR Vehicles will be consistent with market rates or that any benchmarking, verification or other analysis will be performed with respect to such charges. If benchmarking is performed, the related expenses could be borne by the Company and will not be shared with the Company or offset against the Management Fees or carried interest distributions payable by the Company. Similarly, KKR Vehicles and their portfolio companies could engage Portfolio Company Service Providers of the Company to provide services, and these Portfolio Company Service Providers will generally charge for services in the same manner described above, but the Company and its Infrastructure Assets generally will not be reimbursed for any costs (such as start-up costs) relating to such Portfolio Company Service Providers incurred prior to such engagement. 
 
 These arrangements have the potential for a conflict of interest to arise, particularly, for example, where the KKR Vehicles that own a Portfolio Company Service Provider are not the same as the KKR Vehicles that own (directly or indirectly) the portfolio company that is receiving services from such Portfolio Company Service Provider. In these situations, the KKR Vehicles that own the portfolio company to which such services are provided are indirectly paying fees for such services that benefit the KKR Vehicles that own the applicable Portfolio Company Service Provider. Where the relevant arrangement involves services or other benefits provided directly to the Company or a KKR Vehicle, the KKR Group could be incentivized to agree to terms or establish service levels (if applicable) that disproportionately favor the Company or the 
 109 

Table of Contents 

 KKR Vehicles involved. Where such arrangements are between Infrastructure Assets of the Company and portfolio companies of KKR Vehicles, the conflicts of interests involved, including the allocation of overhead expenses among such entities, will depend on the level of independence between the management of such portfolio companies and the KKR Group. The Company, KKR Vehicles and their respective Infrastructure Assets are expected to enter into Joint Ventures with third parties to which Portfolio Company Service Providers will provide services. In some of these cases, the third party Joint Ventures partner might negotiate not to pay its pro rata share of fees, costs and expenses to be allocated as described above, in which case the Company, such KKR Vehicles and their respective portfolio companies that also use the services of such Portfolio Company Service Provider will, directly or indirectly, pay the difference, or the Portfolio Company Service Provider will bear a loss equal to the difference. 
 
 Portfolio Company Service Providers are generally expected to be owned and, in certain circumstances, controlled, by one or more KKR funds, such as the Company and/or KKR Vehicles (including co-investment vehicles). In certain instances, a similar company could be owned by the KKR Group directly. The KKR Group could cause a transfer of ownership of one of these Portfolio Company Service Providers from the Company to a KKR Vehicle, or from a KKR Vehicle to the Company. The transfer of a Portfolio Company Service Provider between the Company and a KKR Vehicle is generally expected to be consummated for minimal or no consideration, and without obtaining any consent from the Board (or the non-independent members thereof). The KKR Group could, but is not required to, obtain a third party valuation confirming the same, and if it does, the KKR Group is expected to rely on such valuation. Transactions with Portfolio Company Service Providers of the Company do not require the consent of the Board (or the non-independent members thereof). Portfolio Company Service Providers and KKR Vehicles are not considered Affiliates under the LLC Agreement and therefore are not covered by affiliate transaction restrictions included in the LLC Agreement, such as the requirement to obtain consent from the Board (or the non-independent members thereof) in certain circumstances. 
 
 Valuation Matters 
 
 The fair value of all Infrastructure Assets will ultimately be determined by the Manager in accordance with the Company s valuation policies and procedures approved by the Board. It will, in certain circumstances, be the case that the fair value of an Infrastructure Asset may not reflect the price at which the Infrastructure Asset is ultimately sold, and the difference between the fair value and the ultimate sale price could be material. The valuation methodologies used to value any Infrastructure Assets will involve subjective judgments and projections and may, in certain circumstances, not be accurate. Valuation methodologies will also involve assumptions and opinions about future events, which may or may not turn out to be correct. Valuation methodologies may permit reliance on a prior period valuation of particular Infrastructure Assets. Ultimate realization of the value of an asset depends to a great extent on economic, market and other conditions beyond the Manager s control. There will be no retroactive adjustment in the valuation of any Infrastructure Asset, the price at which Shares were purchased or sold by Shareholders or repurchased by the Company, as applicable, the Management Fee or the Performance Participation Allocation to the extent any valuation proves to not accurately reflect the realizable value of an asset in the Company. The valuation of Infrastructure Assets will affect the amount and timing of the Performance Participation Allocation payable to KKR and the amount of the Management Fee payable to the Manager. The valuation of investments of KKR Vehicles will, in certain circumstances, affect the decision of potential Shareholders to subscribe for Shares. Similarly, the valuation of the Company s Infrastructure Assets will, in certain circumstances, affect the ability of KKR to form and attract capital to KKR Vehicles. As a result, there may be circumstances in which the Manager is incentivized to make more speculative acquisitions of Infrastructure Assets, seek to deploy capital in Infrastructure Assets at an accelerated pace, hold Infrastructure Assets longer and/or the Manager is incentivized to determine valuations that are higher than the actual fair value of Infrastructure Assets. In particular, given that the Management Fee and the Performance Participation Allocation will be dependent on the valuation of illiquid assets, which will be determined by the Manager, the Manager could be incentivized to value the assets higher than if the Management Fee were not based on the valuation of such assets. The foregoing conflicts arising from valuation matters will not necessarily be resolved in favor of the Company, and Shareholders may not be entitled to receive notice or disclosure of the occurrence of these conflicts. 
 
 Charitable Donations and Political Activities 
 
 The Manager may, from time to time, cause the Company and/or its Infrastructure Assets to make contributions to charitable initiatives or other non-profit organizations that the Manager believes could, directly or indirectly, enhance the value of the Company s Infrastructure Assets or otherwise serve a business purpose for, or be beneficial to, the Company s Infrastructure Assets. Such contributions could be designed to benefit employees of an Infrastructure Asset or the community in which a property is located or in which the Infrastructure Asset operates. In certain instances, such charitable initiatives could be sponsored by, affiliated with or related to current or former employees of the KKR Group, operating partners, Joint Ventures partners, Infrastructure Asset management teams and/or other persons or organizations associated 
 110 

Table of Contents 

 with the KKR Group, the Company or the Company s Infrastructure Assets. These relationships could influence the Manager in deciding whether to cause the Company or its Infrastructure Assets to make charitable contributions. Further, such charitable contributions by the Company or its Infrastructure Assets could supplement or replace charitable contributions that the KKR Group would have otherwise made. Also, in certain instances, the Manager may, from time to time, select a lender and/or service provider to the Company or its Infrastructure Assets based, in part, on the charitable initiatives of such lender or service provider where the Manager believes such charitable initiatives could, directly or indirectly, enhance the value of the Company s Infrastructure Assets or otherwise serve a business purpose for, or be beneficial to, the Company s Infrastructure Assets, and even where the economic terms of such loan or service arrangement are otherwise less favorable than the terms offered by another lender or service provider that does not engage in such charitable initiatives. 
 
 An Infrastructure Asset may, in the ordinary course of its business, make political contributions to elected officials, candidates for elected office or political organizations, hire lobbyists or engage in other permissible political activities in U.S. or non-U.S. jurisdictions with the intent of furthering its business interests or otherwise. Infrastructure Assets are not considered affiliates of the Manager, and therefore such activities are not subject to relevant policies of the Manager and may be undertaken by an Infrastructure Asset without the knowledge or direction of the Manager. In other circumstances, there may be initiatives where such activities are coordinated by the KKR Group for the benefit of the Infrastructure Assets. The interests advanced by an Infrastructure Asset through such activities may, in certain circumstances, not align with or be adverse to the interests of other Infrastructure Assets, the Company or the Shareholders. The costs of such activities may be allocated among Infrastructure Assets. While the costs of such activities will typically be borne by the Infrastructure Asset undertaking such activities, such activities could also directly or indirectly benefit other Infrastructure Assets, KKR Vehicles or the KKR Group. 
 
 Any such charitable or political contributions made by the Company or its Infrastructure Assets, as applicable, which could reduce the Company s returns in respect of the relevant Infrastructure Asset, will not be shared with the Company or offset against the Management Fees payable to the Manager (or its affiliates) in respect of the Company. There can be no assurance that any such activities will actually be beneficial to or enhance the value of the Company or its Infrastructure Assets, or that the Manager will be able to resolve any associated conflict of interest in favor of the Company. 
 
 Global Distribution 
 
 The dealer-manager for the Company is KCM. Any material adverse change to the ability of the Company s global distributor to build and maintain a network of licensed securities broker-dealers and other agents could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business and the Private Offering. If the global distributor is unable to build and maintain a sufficient network of participating broker-dealers to distribute Shares in the offering, the Company s ability to raise proceeds through the offering and implement the Company s acquisition strategy may be adversely affected. In addition, the global distributor will in the future serve as dealer manager for other issuers. As a result, the global distributor will experience conflicts of interest in allocating its time between the offering and such other issuers, which could adversely affect the Company s ability to raise proceeds through the offering and implement the Company s acquisition strategy. Further, the participating broker-dealers retained by the global distributor may have numerous competing investment products, some with similar or identical strategies and areas of focus as the Company, which they may elect to emphasize to their retail clients. 
 
 Placement Activities 
 
 KKR Personnel involved in the marketing and placement of the Shares are acting for the distribution agent and not acting as investment, tax, financial, legal or accounting advisors to potential shareholders in connection with the offering of the Shares. Potential shareholders must independently evaluate the offering and make their own investment decisions. 
 
 The KKR Group could offer, on an agency basis for third parties, including, without limitation, unaffiliated fund sponsors in which the KKR Group has a minority ownership interest, interests in other pooled investment vehicles that have as their primary investment objective investments that are substantially similar to the types of acquisitions to be made by the Company and, in connection with any such offering, will receive customary compensation, including an interest in such vehicles. Placement agents or other financial intermediaries could also receive other compensation, including placement fees with respect to the acquisition of Shares by Shareholders. Such agents or intermediaries will have an incentive in promoting the acquisition of Shares in preference to products with respect to which they receive a smaller fee. Prospective shareholders should take the existence of such fees and other compensation into account in evaluating a purchase of the Company s Shares. 
 111 

Table of Contents 

Broker-Dealer Activities 
 
 The KKR Group includes a number of entities that act as broker-dealers. Such broker-dealers (including their respective related lending vehicles) will, from time to time, manage or otherwise participate in underwriting syndicates and/or selling groups with respect to existing or potential Infrastructure Assets of the Company or otherwise be involved in the private placement of debt or equity securities or instruments issued by or in connection with the acquisition of the Company s Infrastructure Assets and non-controlling entities in or through which the Company may acquire Infrastructure Assets (including by placing securities issued by such Infrastructure Assets with Co-Investors as described in Co-Investments above), or otherwise in arranging or providing financing for the Company and for or in connection with the acquisition of Infrastructure Assets, in each case alone or with other lenders, which could include the Company and KKR Vehicles (see also Fees above). In particular, KCM is expected to participate actively in the financing of the Company s Infrastructure Assets, including, for example, by arranging for senior financing that is secured by pools of Infrastructure Assets held by the Company. Affiliated broker-dealers could, as a consequence of such activities, hold positions in instruments and securities issued by the Company s Infrastructure Assets, enter into obligations to acquire such instruments or securities, and engage in transactions that could also be appropriate acquisitions for the Company. Subject to applicable law, such broker-dealers will generally receive underwriting fees, placement commissions, syndication fees, financing fees, interest payments or other compensation with respect to such activities, which are not required to be shared with the Company or the Shareholders. In certain circumstances, where a KKR Group broker is participating in underwriting and financing transactions, it could be doing so as lead or sole arranger, in which case, it will be responsible for establishing the relevant fees and other payments charged to the Company s Infrastructure Assets or other issuers in which it invests. In addition, the Company could be prevented from participating in a Joint Venture as a result of a KKR Group broker participating in such underwriting or financing transactions. Where a KKR Group broker-dealer serves as underwriter with respect to a portfolio company s securities, the Company will generally be subject to a lock-up period following the offering under applicable regulations or agreements during which time its ability to sell any securities that it continues to hold is restricted. This could prejudice the Company s ability to dispose of such securities at an opportune time. 
 
 In addition, circumstances could arise where following the Company s acquisition of an Infrastructure Asset or other issuer, such issuer becomes distressed and the participants in the relevant offering have a valid claim against the underwriters of the relevant offering. Such underwriters could include a KKR Group entity, in which case, the Company would have a conflict in determining whether to sue such underwriters. Where such underwriters include non-affiliated broker-dealers, the Company will also have a conflict in determining whether to bring a claim because of concerns regarding the relationships of the KKR Group with such non-affiliated broker-dealers, which could relate to and otherwise benefit KKR Vehicles and/or KKR and its proprietary entities and not the Company. 
 
 The KKR Group could in the future develop new businesses, such as providing investment banking, advisory and other services to corporations, financial sponsors, management or other persons. Such services could relate to transactions that could give rise to opportunities that are suitable for the Company. In such case, the KKR Group s client would typically require the KKR Group to act exclusively on its behalf, thereby precluding the Company from participating in such acquisition opportunities. The KKR Group would not be obligated to decline any such engagements in order to make an acquisition opportunity available to the Company. In addition, the KKR Group could come into the possession of information through these new businesses that limits the Company s ability to engage in potential transactions. 
 
 KKR Stakes and Seed Business 
 
 The KKR Group owns interests in third-party hedge fund and fund of fund managers in which the KKR Group has acquired a stake, seeded or otherwise obtained an ownership interest (the Stakes and Seed Managers ). Funds and accounts managed by such managers Stakes and Seed Funds are expected to pursue a broad range of investment strategies and invest in a broad range of securities and instruments and other assets globally. Any Stakes and Seed Fund could invest in securities or other financial instruments of companies (or issuers) in which KKR Vehicles, including the Company, could also have an interest. Stakes and Seed Funds could also invest in competitors of KKR Vehicles (including the Company) or their respective portfolio companies. Actions taken by any Stakes and Seed Manager in respect of any of the foregoing could adversely impact the Company or a KKR Vehicle. Any such investments and actions will be controlled by the respective Stakes and Seed Manager and will generally be outside the control and oversight of the KKR Group. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the KKR Group (including KKR and KKR Credit) will also, from time to time, act as a nondiscretionary sub-adviser of a Stakes and Seed Fund or Stakes and Seed Manager, including in particular with respect to co-investments made alongside KKR Vehicles. 
 
 112 

Table of Contents 

 As of June 1, 2017, Prisma, formerly constituting the KKR Group s global hedge funds solutions business, together with PAAMCO, became a KKR Stakes and Seed Manager. It is expected that advisory members of the KKR Group will also, from time to time, act as a sub-adviser in respect of capital allocated within investment vehicles and other accounts managed and advised by Prisma, and Prisma is expected to advise or sub-advise investment vehicles and other accounts established by the KKR Group (including KKR and KKR Credit). 
 
 Other Potential Infrastructure Vehicles 
 
 The Manager reserves the right to raise additional infrastructure investment vehicles Other Infrastructure Vehicles ), including infrastructure vehicles that target the same Infrastructure Assets as the Company. The closing of an Other Infrastructure Vehicle could result in the reallocation of KKR Personnel, including reallocation of existing 
 infrastructure professionals, to such Other Infrastructure Vehicle. In addition, potential acquisitions that may be suitable for 
 the Company may be directed toward or shared with such Other Infrastructure Vehicle. 
 
 Global Atlantic Transaction 
 
 On February 1, 2021, the KKR Group acquired a controlling interest in Global Atlantic (the Global Atlantic Transaction ), a leading retirement and life insurance company, and serves as Global Atlantic s investment manager. Global Atlantic AUM totals over 137 billion as of December 31, 2022. Accordingly, the KKR Group significantly increased its assets under management following the closing of the Global Atlantic Transaction. 
 
 A subsidiary of the Balance Sheet is the sole voting shareholder and majority equity owner of Global Atlantic. It is generally expected that Global Atlantic assets managed by the KKR Group Global Atlantic Accounts will constitute accounts of a KKR Group affiliate. 
 
 The KKR Group generally expects to treat any Global Atlantic Account as a KKR Vehicle for the purposes of allocating investment opportunities and related fees and expenses. Global Atlantic Accounts participating in KKR s infrastructure strategy could participate by coinvesting alongside the Company and KKR Vehicles in some or all of their investments in the Company s strategy or, potentially, through investments in the Company. Depending on the allocation of such assets to this strategy, the timing of such allocation and the manner in which such allocation is implemented (that is, by investments in or alongside the Company and KKR Vehicles), the investment by Global Atlantic Accounts in KKR s infrastructure strategy could result in materially less availability of discretionary opportunities for the Company. The establishment of Global Atlantic Accounts investing directly in infrastructure investments will create a conflict of interest in that the KKR Group will be incentivized to allocate more attractive opportunities and scarce opportunities to these proprietary entities and accounts rather than to the Company and KKR Vehicles. The KKR Group will allocate opportunities among the Company, the Global Atlantic Accounts and other accounts in a manner that is consistent with an allocation methodology established by the KKR Group and its affiliates in a manner designed to ensure allocations of such opportunities are made on a fair and equitable basis over time. 
 
 Other examples of conflicts of interest that are expected to arise in connection with the Global Atlantic Transaction and the Company include transactions pursuant to which Global Atlantic Accounts could, subject to applicable law, acquire assets of, or provide financing to, the Company and/or Infrastructure Assets in which the Company invests. For example, subject to regulatory approval, Global Atlantic Accounts could acquire portfolios of assets originated by, or provide financing to, platform arrangements invested in by the Company. Subject to applicable law, such transactions will be implemented in a manner consistent with the treatment of Global Atlantic Accounts as KKR Vehicles.Accordingly, where such transactions involve the acquisition of such assets or provision of such financing on terms negotiated with the management of such platform vehicles or other Infrastructure Assets in which the Company invests, such transactions will not be viewed as cross transactions that are subject to the cross transactions restrictions applicable pursuant to the LLC Agreement. Further, Global Atlantic Accounts are expected to participate as lenders to the Company on the terms permitted by the LLC Agreement, which could result in actual or potential conflicts of interest as further described in Other Affiliate Transactions above. In addition, Global Atlantic Accounts could invest in infrastructure backed debt instruments issued by Infrastructure Assets in which the Company invests. Such transactions could create actual or potential conflicts of interest as further described in Investments in Which KKR and/or KKR Vehicles Have a Different Principal Interest above. Global Atlantic Accounts will not constitute Private Equity Funds as defined in the LLC Agreement, and therefore will not be subject to the contractual restrictions regarding Cross Transactions as defined in the LLC Agreement (which includes, but is broader than, the term cross transactions as defined in No Assurance of Ability to Participate in Acquisition Opportunities; Relationship with KKR, its Affiliates and KKR Vehicles; Allocation of Acquisition Opportunities above and referenced in Cross Transactions above). Accordingly, except as otherwise provided in the 
 113 

Table of Contents 

 LLC Agreement or as established by law, the Company could enter into Cross Transactions in which one or more Global Atlantic Accounts is involved without the consent of the Board (or the non-independent members thereof) or the Shareholders. 
 
 The terms of Global Atlantic Accounts are expected to differ materially from those of the Company, including in respect of management fees and expense reimbursements. Management fees are expected to be charged by the KKR Group for the management of Global Atlantic Accounts. These fees are, however, generally expected to be lower or even materially lower than those applicable to the Company. Global Atlantic Accounts are not expected to be subject to carried interest distributions or other performance-related compensation. Where any of such assets are managed by the KKR Group through the investment by Global Atlantic Accounts in the Company, such investments are not expected to be subject to Management Fees or the Performance Participation Allocation payable to the Manager. 
 
 Performance Participation Allocation; Management Fee 
 
 KKR s entitlement to receive the Performance Participation Allocation will create an incentive for the Manager and the KKR Group to make riskier or more speculative acquisitions on behalf of the Company than would be the case in the absence of this arrangement. 
 
 In addition, the manner in which KKR s entitlement to the Performance Participation Allocation, the Manager s entitlement to Management Fees is determined could result in a conflict between their interests and the interests of the Shareholders with respect to the sequence and timing of disposals of assets. For example, the ultimate beneficial owners of the Manager are generally subject to U.S. federal and local income tax (unlike certain of the Shareholders). The Manager will be incentivized to operate the Company, including to hold and/or sell Infrastructure Assets, in a manner that takes into account the tax treatment of KKR s Performance Participation Allocation. Shareholders should note in this regard that U.S. federal income tax legislation enacted in 2017 relating to the taxation of incentive allocations generally provides for a lower capital gains tax rate in respect of investments held for more than three years, whereas certain Shareholders will be eligible for such treatment after a holding period of only more than one year. While the Manager generally intends to seek to maximize pre-tax returns for the Company as a whole, the Manager will nonetheless be incentivized to hold Infrastructure Assets for a longer period than would be the case if such holding period requirement did not exist and/or to dispose of assets prior to any change in law that results in a higher effective income tax rate on its carried interest. The Manager will also be incentivized to structure Infrastructure Assets in a manner that mitigates the impact of holding period requirement applicable to carried interest, which could adversely impact the after-tax returns of, or otherwise result in increased costs for, the Company and the Shareholders. The Manager could be motivated to overstate valuations in order to improve the Company s track record or to minimize losses from write-downs that must be returned prior to KKR receiving the Performance Participation Allocation. 
 
 The Company s NAV will generally be determined by the Manager based in part on valuations of the Company s assets as described in Item 1. Business Net Asset Value . The Manager has a conflict of interest with respect to such valuations because the amount of Management Fees payable, the amount of the Performance Participation Allocation to which KKR is entitled with respect to the Company, and the timing of its receipt of the Performance Participation Allocation will depend in part on the value of the assets. In the event that the Company makes any distribution in kind to the Shareholders as a whole or to any Shareholders in particular, the fair value of such property will generally be determined by the Manager. If the valuations made by the Manager are incorrect (including both with respect to an in-kind distribution or with respect to the fair value of assets that continue to be held by the Company), the Performance Participation Allocation payable to KKR, or the timing of receipt of the Performance Participation Allocation, could also be incorrect. A valuation generally will not be required and is not expected to be obtained in connection with in-kind distributions. 
 
 Under certain circumstances, a KKR Group proprietary entity could seek to hold a co-investment interest when the Company sells, due to differences in strategy, asset allocation objectives or liquidity needs. The KKR Group would obtain any consents required under the LLC Agreement prior to doing so and would endeavor to determine whether there would be a negative impact on the valuations of the Company prior to implementing a hold strategy for a KKR proprietary account. However, there can be no assurances that such variations in timing of dispositions will not result in a difference in performance for such entities, which could mean better performance for such KKR proprietary entity. 
 
 In the event of any error by the KKR Group in the calculation of Management Fees, the KKR Group will endeavor to correct such error as soon as reasonably practicable, including by refunding any excess Management Fees, netting such amount out of subsequent amounts payable to the KKR Group or by taking such other actions as the KKR Group determines are reasonably necessary. Any decision to reimburse is not precedential and should not create the expectation of 
 114 

Table of Contents 

 any reimbursement in the future. Any determination as to whether an error occurred and as to what remedial action to take, if any, is made by the KKR Group in its sole discretion and shall be final and binding in all respects. Interest will not accrue on any such amounts paid or net out of subsequent amounts between the KKR Group and the Company to rectify any such error. 
 
 Service Providers 
 
 Certain advisors and other service providers, or their affiliates (including accountants, administrators, lenders, bankers, brokers, attorneys, consultants and investment or commercial banking firms), to the Company and its Infrastructure Assets will also provide goods or services to or have business, personal, political, financial or other relationships with the Manager or other members of the KKR Group. Such advisors and service providers could be shareholders in the Company, KKR Vehicles, sources of opportunities for the KKR Group, the Company or KKR Vehicles or could otherwise be co-investors with or counterparties to transactions involving the foregoing. These relationships could influence the Manager and the KKR Group in deciding whether to select or recommend any such advisor or service provider to perform services for the Company or an Infrastructure Asset (the cost of which will generally be borne directly or indirectly by the Company or its Infrastructure Assets, as applicable). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Manager and the KKR Group will generally seek to engage advisors and service providers in connection with transactions for the Company that require their use on the basis of the overall quality of advice and other services provided, the evaluation of which includes, among other considerations, such service provider s provision of certain acquisition-related services and research that the Manager or the KKR Group believes to be of benefit to the Company. In certain circumstances, advisors and other service providers or their affiliates could charge rates or establish other terms in respect of advice and services provided to the Manager or other members of the KKR Group or to KKR Vehicles or their Infrastructure Assets that are different and more favorable than those established in respect of advice and services provided to the Company and its Infrastructure Assets. Similarly, the Company s Infrastructure Assets could provide services to KKR Vehicles or their portfolio companies or other KKR affiliates that would not have otherwise been entered into but for their relationship with the KKR Group. 
 
 Diverse Shareholder Group 
 
 The Shareholders are expected to be based in a wide variety of jurisdictions and take a wide variety of forms. Accordingly, they will have conflicting regulatory, legal, investment, tax and other interests with respect to their investments in the Company. The conflicting interests of individual Shareholders could relate to or arise from, among other things, the nature of acquisitions made by the Company, the selection, structuring, acquisition and management of assets, the timing of disposition of assets, internal investment policies of the Shareholders and their target risk/return profiles. As a consequence, conflicts of interest will likely arise in connection with decisions made by the Manager or the KKR Group, including with respect to the nature or structuring of Infrastructure Assets, which would be more beneficial for one Shareholder than for another Shareholder, especially with respect to Shareholders individual tax situations. 
 
 In addition, the Company could acquire Infrastructure Assets that have a negative impact on related investments made by the Shareholders in separate transactions. In selecting and structuring acquisitions appropriate for the Company, the Manager will consider the Infrastructure Assets and tax objectives of the Company and its Shareholders as a whole, not the investment, tax or other objectives of any Shareholder individually. 
 
 Shareholders Outside Activities 
 
 A Shareholder shall be entitled to and can be expected to have business interests and engage in activities in addition to those relating to KKR, including business interests and activities in direct competition with KKR and its portfolio companies, and may engage in transactions with, and provide services to, KKR or its portfolio companies (which will, in certain circumstances, include providing leverage or other financing to KKR or its portfolio companies as determined by the Manager in its sole discretion). None of KKR, any Shareholder or any other person shall have any rights by virtue of the LLC Agreement or any related agreements in any business ventures of any Shareholder. The Shareholder, and in certain cases the Manager, will have conflicting loyalties in these situations. 
 
 Data Analysis Services - KKR s Relationship with Quantifind 
 
 The KKR Group works with a privately held company called Quantifind, Inc. Quantifind from time to time, which is a data platform company that uses proprietary web technology to extract revenue-driving factors for brands from a wide spectrum of data sources. George Roberts, co-CEO and co-Chairman of KKR, and Joseph Grundfest, an independent director of the KKR Public Company, each hold a relatively small (approximately 5 personal investment in Quantifind. 
 115 

Table of Contents 

 To the extent a project relates to data analysis or related services in furtherance of diligence or other analysis related to current or prospective portfolio investments of the Company (and/or KKR Vehicles) and/or the markets and industries in which current or prospective Infrastructure Assets operate, the Company (and/or each such KKR Vehicle, as applicable) will reimburse the KKR Group for their respective portion of any such fees. Portfolio companies in which the Company (and/or KKR Vehicles) will potentially, from time to time, invest could also separately engage Quantifind to independently conduct big data analysis and/or to leverage information the KKR Group has gained with respect to their respective businesses. None of the services or other fees received by Quantifind in connection with the foregoing will be shared with the Company or offset against the Management Fees payable to the Manager. 
 
 Legal Representation 
 
 Simpson Thacher Bartlett LLP and other counsel (collectively, Counsel are acting as counsel to the Company, the Manager and certain of their affiliates in connection with the organization of the Company and the offering of Shares and have represented and continue to represent the KKR Group and its affiliates (including the Manager) in connection with the organization of the Company and a variety of matters. Such counsel will not be representing any Shareholder in connection with the offering of Shares, absent an express agreement to the contrary with such Shareholder. Prospective shareholders should seek their own legal, tax and financial advice before making a purchase of the Company s Shares. Counsel might also act as counsel to an Infrastructure Asset, equity sponsors of an Infrastructure Asset, other creditors of an Infrastructure Asset, or an agent therefor, a party seeking to acquire some or all of the assets or equity of an Infrastructure Asset, or a person engaged in litigation with an Infrastructure Asset. Representation by Counsel of the Company, the Manager and their affiliates is limited to specific matters as to which they have been consulted by such persons. There could exist other matters that could have a bearing on the Company, the Manager and/or their affiliates as to which Counsel has not been consulted. In addition, Counsel has not undertaken to monitor the compliance of the Manager and its affiliates with the program, strategies, valuation procedures, restrictions and other guidelines and terms set forth herein and in the LLC Agreement, nor does Counsel monitor on behalf of or for the benefit of the Shareholders ongoing compliance with applicable laws. 
 
 Global Conflicts Committee and Risk and Operations Committee 
 
 KKR is cognizant that conflicts of interest may arise in allocating time, services or resources among the investment activities of different KKR-managed funds, other KKR-affiliated investment entities and the executives of KKR. 
 
 KKR, its affiliates and their executives have a common mandate: to invest the capital of KKR s funds in a manner designed to maximize long-term investment returns. To the extent that two or more KKR funds share in an investment opportunity, it is in the first instance allocated between them subject to any investment limitation or guideline set forth in their respective partnership agreements and otherwise in accordance with their respective investment mandates and diversification considerations. 
 
 Furthermore, in an effort to implement best practices in KKR s application and monitoring of conflict resolution, KKR has created a Global Conflicts Committee. KKR s Global Conflicts Committee is responsible for analyzing and addressing new or potential conflicts of interest that may arise in KKR s business, including conflicts relating to specific transactions and circumstances, as well as those implicit in the overall activities of KKR and its various businesses. This committee is overseen by KKR s General Counsel and Global Chief Compliance Officer. In addition, KKR is registered with the SEC as an investment adviser under the Advisers Act, providing additional oversight and governance with respect to conflicts of interest. 
 
 In addition, KKR has an active Risk and Operations Committee comprised of some of KKR s most experienced leaders representing control functions, such as operations, legal, compliance, public affairs, risk, technology and finance. The Risk and Operations Committee prioritizes KKR s risks, maintains focus on significant and emerging risks, helps to create a disciplined approach to management of those risks and ensures that risk awareness is a top priority throughout KKR. 
 
 The goal of these committees is to provide oversight, shared experience and support and guidance to KKR as a firm. 
 
 Shareholders must be prepared and must be in a position to lose their invested capital in its entirety. 
 116 

Table of Contents 

 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 Independent Auditors 
 During the period from September 23, 2022 (date of formation) to December 31, 2022, Deloitte Touche LLP (PCAOB ID No. ), Deloitte served as our independent auditor. 
 Audit and Non-Audit Fees 
 Aggregate fees that we were billed for the period from September 23, 2022 (date of formation) through December 31, 2022 by our independent registered public accounting firm, Deloitte, were as follows: 
 For the period from September 23, 2022 (date of formation) through December 31, 2022 Audit fees (a) 142,500 Audit-related fees - Tax fees - All other fees - Total 142,500 
 ______________ 
 (1) Audit fees include amounts billed to us related to annual financial statement audit work, seed balance sheet audit work, quarterly financial statement reviews and review of SEC registration statements. 
 The Audit Committee of our Board of Directors was advised that there were no services provided by Deloitte that were unrelated to the audit of the annual fiscal year-end financial statements and the audit of the financial statements as of and for the period ended October 25, 2022 that could impair Deloitte from maintaining its independence as our independent auditor and concluded that it was. 
 Audit Committee Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures 
 In accordance with our Audit Committee pre-approval policy, all audit and non-audit services performed for us by our independent registered public accounting firm were pre-approved by the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors, which concluded that the provision of such services by Deloitte was compatible with the maintenance of that firm s independence in the conduct of its auditing functions. 
 The pre-approval policy provides for categorical pre-approval of specified audit and permissible non-audit services. Services to be provided by the independent registered public accounting firm that are not within the category of pre-approved services must be approved by the Audit Committee prior to engagement, regardless of the service being requested or the dollar amount involved. Requests or applications for services that require specific separate approval by the Audit Committee are required to be submitted to the Audit Committee, and must include a description of the services to be provided and a statement by the independent registered public accounting firm and principal accounting officer of the Company confirming that the provision of the proposed services does not impair the independence of the independent registered public accounting firm. 
 The Audit Committee may delegate pre-approval authority to one or more of its members or a subcommittee. The member or members to whom such authority is delegated shall report any pre-approval decisions to the Audit Committee at its next scheduled meeting. The Audit Committee does not delegate to management its responsibilities to pre-approve services to be performed by the independent registered public accounting firm. 
 117 

Table of Contents 

 Part IV. 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 (a) (1) Financial Statements 
 See the accompanying Index to Financial Statement Schedule on page 58 . 
 (a) (2) Financial Statement Schedules 
 None. 
 (a) (3) Exhibits 
 
 Exhibit Number Description 3.1 
 Certificate of Formation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant's Form 10 filed with the SEC on October 28, 2022). 3.2 
 Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant's Form 10 filed with the SEC on November 28, 2022). 3.3 
 Form of Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Registrant's Form 10 filed with the SEC on February 3, 2023). 4.1 
 Form of Subscription Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant's Form 10 filed with the SEC on February 3, 2023). 4.2 
 Distribution Reinvestment Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant's Form 10 filed with the SEC on November 28, 2022). 4.3 
 Form of KKR Repurchase Arrangement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Registrant's Form 10 filed with the SEC on February 3, 2023). 4.4 
 Description of Securities. 10.1 
 Form of Management Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Form 10 filed with the SEC on February 3, 2023). 10.2 
 Form of Dealer Manager Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant's Form 10 filed with the SEC on November 28, 2022). 10.3 
 Expense Limitation and Reimbursement Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant's Form 10 filed with the SEC on November 28, 2022). 10.4 
 Global Custody Agreement, dated as of March 21, 2023, by and among KKR Infrastructure Conglomerate LLC and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, National Association. 10.5 
 Custody Agreement, dated as of March 23, 2023, by and among KKR Infrastructure Conglomerate LLC, K-INFRA Holdings I LLC, K-INFRA Holdings II LLC and The Bank of New York Mellon. 10.6 
 Administrative Services Agreement, dated as of March 23, 2023, by and among KKR Infrastructure Conglomerate LLC, K-INFRA Holdings I LLC, K-INFRA Holdings II LLC and The Bank of New York Mellon. 21.1 
 List of Subsidiaries (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21.1 to the Registrant's Form 10 filed with the SEC on November 28, 2022). 31.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 101.INS+ XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH+ XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL+ XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 118 

Table of Contents 

 101.LAB+ XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE+ XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 101.DEF+ XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 
 + This exhibit shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act or otherwise subject to the liability of that Section. Such exhibit shall not be deemed incorporated into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. 
 
 Filed herewith. 
 
 The agreements and other documents filed as exhibits to this report are not intended to provide factual information or other disclosure other than with respect to the terms of the agreements or other documents themselves, and you should not rely on them for that purpose. In particular, any representations and warranties made by us in these agreements or other documents were made solely within the specific context of the relevant agreement or document and may not describe the actual state of affairs as of the date they were made or at any other time. 
 119 

Table of Contents 

 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 120 

Table of Contents 

 Signatures 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 KKR INFRASTRUCTURE CONGLOMERATE LLC /s/ Raj Agrawal Date: March 24, 2023 Raj Agrawal Chairman of the Board 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 
 /s/ Raj Agrawal Date: March 24, 2023 Raj Agrawal Chairman of the Board (Principal Executive Officer) Date: March 24, 2023 /s/ Jeffrey B. Van Horn Jeffrey B. Van Horn Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) Date: March 24, 2023 /s/ Tara Davies Tara Davies Chief Executive Officer and Director Date: March 24, 2023 /s/ James Cunningham James Cunningham Chief Investment Officer and Director Date: March 24, 2023 /s/ Joshua Mills Joshua Mills Director Date: March 24, 2023 /s/ Phillip Nolan Phillip Nolan Director Date: March 24, 2023 /s/ John W. Somerhalder II John W. Somerhalder II Director 
 121 

<EX-4.4>
 2
 k-infrax20221231xex044xdes.htm
 EX-4.4

Document 
 Exhibit 4.4 

 DESCRIPTION OF REGISTRANT S SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 Description of our Shares 
 There is currently no market for KKR Infrastructure Conglomerate LLC s (the Company or we, us or our Class S Shares Class S Shares ), Class D Shares Class D Shares ), Class U Shares Class U Shares ), Class I Shares Class I Shares ), Class R Shares Class R Shares and, together with Class S Shares, Class D Shares, Class U Shares and Class I Shares the Investor Shares ), Class E Shares Class E Shares ), Class F Shares Class F Shares ), Class G Shares Class G Shares or Class H Shares Class H Shares and together with Class E Shares, Class F Shares and Class G Shares, the KKR Shares and, together with the Investor Shares, the Shares ), and we do not expect that a market for our Shares will develop in the future. We do not intend for our Shares to be listed on any national securities exchange. There are no outstanding options or warrants to purchase our Shares. Under the terms of our second amended and restated limited liability company agreement (the LLC Agreement ), except as required by law, the liability of each holder of our Shares (the Shareholders (which we also refer to herein as a member or a Member in such capacity shall be limited to the amount of such Shareholder s total investments and pro rata share of any undistributed profits. Except as may otherwise be provided in the LLC Agreement or in any class designation and except as required by law, after the payment of all subscription proceeds for the Shares purchased by such Shareholder, no Shareholder shall have any further obligations to the Company, be subject to any additional assessment or be required to contribute any additional capital to, or to loan any funds to, the Company, unless otherwise agreed by the Company and the Shareholder. No Shareholder shall have any personal liability on account of any obligations and liabilities of, including any amounts payable by, the Company under or pursuant to, or otherwise in connection with, the LLC Agreement or the conduct of the business of the Company solely by reason of being a member of the Company. 
 Summary of the LLC Agreement 
 The following is a summary of the material provisions of our LLC Agreement, which we intend to adopt prior to admitting any non-affiliate investors as members. Our LLC Agreement will set forth the terms and conditions upon which we will conduct our business and affairs and it sets forth the rights and obligations of our members. This summary is not complete and is subject to and qualified by the detailed provisions of our LLC Agreement. Potential investors should study our LLC Agreement carefully before making any investment in our Shares. 
 Establishment and Nature 
 We are formed as a limited liability company under the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act (as amended from time to time, the LLC Act ). The board of directors (the Board has overall responsibility for the management and supervision of the business operations of the Company. To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Board may delegate any of its rights, powers and authority to, among others, the officers of the Company, our executive committee (the Executive Committee ), any committee of the Board or KKR DAV Manager LLC (the Manager ). 
 Purpose 
 Under our LLC Agreement, we are permitted to engage, directly or indirectly, in any business activity that is approved by our Board and that lawfully may be conducted by a limited liability company formed under the LLC Act. 
 Name and Address 
 We conduct business under the name KKR Infrastructure Conglomerate LLC with our principal office and place of business at 30 Hudson Yards, New York, New York 10001. 
 Capital Contributions 
 Our Contribution 
 Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. L.P. (together with its affiliates, KKR and its subsidiaries have made an initial capital contribution of 1,000 in cash, in exchange for 40 Class G Shares. 

Members Contributions 
 The initial offering prices of the Shares will be determined by the Manager. We expect to offer Investor Shares to eligible investors on a monthly basis at net asset value NAV per Share (measured as of the end of the immediately preceding month). 
 No Further Contribution 
 After payment for the Shares, Shareholders will not have any further obligations to us or be required to contribute any additional capital to, or loan any funds to, us. However, under certain circumstances, a Shareholder may be required to return distributions made to them in violation of Delaware law as described under the caption Limited Liability of our Members. 
 Classes of Shares 
 Investor Shares 
 Holders of Class S Shares, Class D Shares, Class U Shares, Class I Shares and Class R Shares have equal rights and privileges with each other, except that Class D Shares, Class U Shares, Class I Shares and Class R Shares do not pay a sales load or dealer manager fees and the Company does not pay any servicing or distribution fees with respect to Class I Shares or Class R Shares. Class D Shares, Class U Shares, Class I Shares and Class R Shares are each not subject to a sales load however, Shareholders could be required to pay brokerage commissions on purchases and sales of and sales of Class D Shares, Class U Shares, Class I Shares or Class R Shares to their selling agents. Except as provided in the LLC Agreement with respect to certain transactions involving the Company and certain amendments thereto, holders of Investor Shares have no voting rights with respect to the Company. 
 Class S Shares 
 Class S Shares will be subject to a maximum sales load of up to 3.0 of the offering price and may be subject to a dealer manager fee of 0.5 of the offering price. Certain participating broker-dealers may offer Class S Shares subject to a dealer manager fee of up to 1.50 , provided that the sum of the sales load and dealer manager fee will not exceed 3.5 of the offering price. Class S Shares may also forego a sales load in lieu of a brokerage commission imposed by a selling agent. 
 Class S Shares are not entitled to nominate, remove or participate in the appointment of directors of the Company. 
 Class I Shares 
 Class I Shares have equal rights and privileges with other classes of Investor Shares, except that Class I Shares do not pay a sales load or dealer manager fees and the Company does not pay any servicing or distribution fees with respect to Class I Shares. 
 Class I Shares are not entitled to nominate, remove or participate in the appointment of directors of the Company. 
 Class R Shares 
 Class R Shares have equal rights and privileges with other classes of Investor Shares, except that Class R Shares are subject to a lower management fee Management Fee ), to be received by the Manager pursuant to the management agreement between the Company and the Manager, than other Investor Shares and do not pay a sales load or dealer manager fees and the Company does not pay any servicing or distribution fees with respect to Class R Shares. 
 Class R Shares are not entitled to nominate, remove or participate in the appointment of directors of the Company. 
 Each Class R Share held by a Shareholder shall automatically and without any action on the part of the Board or any other person thereof convert into a number of Class I Shares equal to the number of Class R Shares held by such Shareholder multiplied by the Class R Conversion Rate (defined below) if the aggregate amount of Class R Shares held or subscribed for by holders of Class R Shares in connection with a specific intermediary is less than 

100 million after the 12-month period following the initial subscription for Shares of the Company by persons that are not affiliates of the Manager (the Initial Offering ). Class R Conversion Rate means a fraction, the numerator of which is the NAV per Share of Class R Shares and the denominator of which is the NAV per Share of Class I Shares. 
 Class D Shares and Class U Shares 
 Class D Shares and Class U Shares have equal rights and privileges with other classes of Investor Shares, except that Class D Shares and Class U Shares do not pay a sales load or dealer manager fees. 
 Class D Shares and Class U Shares are not entitled to nominate, remove or participate in the appointment of directors of the Company. 
 Each Class U Share held by a Class U Member shall automatically and without any action on the part of the Class U Member, the Board or any other person thereof convert into a number of Class I Shares equal to the number of Class U Shares held by such Class U Member multiplied by the Class U Conversion Rate (defined below) if the aggregate amount of Class U Shares held or subscribed for by Class U Members in connection with a specific intermediary is less than 100 million after the 12-month period following the Initial Offering. Simultaneously with any such conversion, the applicable Class U Member will automatically and without any action on the part of such Class U Member or any other person be admitted to the Company as a Class S Member and shall cease to be a Class U Member. Class U Conversion Rate means a fraction, the numerator of which is the NAV per Share of Class U Shares and the denominator of which is the NAV per Share of Class S Shares. 
 KKR Shares 
 Class E Shares 
 Class E Shares have special rights and privileges, including with respect to repurchase arrangements. Class E Shares are not subject to the Management Fee or the performance participation allocation allocated to KKR (the Performance Participation Allocation ). Class E Shares will be held only by KKR and its subsidiaries and are not being offered to other investors. 
 Class F Shares 
 Class F Shares have special rights and privileges and are not subject to the Management Fee or the Performance Participation Allocation. Class F Shares will be held only by KKR and certain of its subsidiaries and employees and are not being offered to other investors. 
 Class G Shares 
 Class G Shares have special rights and privileges, including the exclusive right to appoint and remove directors of the Company, increase or decrease the number of directors of the Company and fill any vacancies on the Board. Class G Shares are not subject to the Management Fee or the Performance Participation Allocation. Class G Shares will be held only by KKR and its subsidiaries and are not being offered to other investors. KKR and its subsidiaries, through their ownership of all of the Company s outstanding Class G Shares, hold, directly and indirectly, all of the voting power of the Company. 
 Class H Shares 
 Class H Shares have special rights and privileges, including the right to receive a performance allocation from the Company for so long as the Management Agreement has not been terminated. Class H Shares are not subject to the Management Fee or the Performance Participation Allocation. Class H Shares will be held only by KKR and its affiliates and are not being offered to other investors. 
 Rights Upon Liquidation 
 Upon the dissolution of the Company, after paying or making reasonable provision for the payment to the Company s creditors of all claims and obligations in accordance with the LLC Act, the remaining assets of the Company shall be distributed among the holders of Shares pro rata in proportion to the number of Shares held by such holder (subject to the rights of any holders of Shares specified in any class designation and the terms of any class of Shares specified in the LLC Agreement or in any class designation). 

Our Management 
 Our Powers 
 Except as otherwise specifically provided in our LLC Agreement, our Board will have complete and exclusive discretion in the management and control of our business and affairs and will be authorized to employ all powers necessary or advisable to carry out our purposes and investment policies, conduct our business and affairs, and exercise our powers. Our Board has delegated to our Manager the management of our overall portfolio, subject to the Board s supervision. 
 Other than with respect to the admission of a new Class G Member which shall require the approval of Class G Members holding a majority of the outstanding Class G Shares, our Board will have the sole and absolute discretion to accept or refuse to accept the admission of any subscriber as a member of the Company. Except to the extent limited by Delaware law or our LLC Agreement, our Board may delegate any or all of its duties under our LLC Agreement to any person, including any affiliates of KKR. 
 Members Powers 
 Except as otherwise specifically provided in the LLC Agreement, no member that holds Investor Shares can participate in or have any control over our business and affairs or have any right or authority to act for, or to bind or otherwise obligate, us. 
 Authorized Shares 
 Each of our Shares represents a limited liability company interest in KKR Infrastructure Conglomerate LLC. Only KKR and its subsidiaries and employees are expected to hold KKR Shares in the Company. 
 Issuance of Additional Securities 
 Our LLC Agreement authorizes our Board, without the consent of any other person, to create additional classes of Shares, including Investor Shares and KKR Shares, having such terms, rights, designations, preferences, powers and duties (which rights or powers may be senior to existing classes of Shares), as our Board shall determine provided that the Board shall not effect any issuance of any additional Class G Shares or create any additional classes of Shares, including Investor Shares and KKR Shares, with (i) any terms, rights, designations, preferences, powers or duties pari passu or senior to the terms, rights, designations, preferences, powers or duties of the Class G Shares or (ii) any voting rights different from voting rights granted to holders of any Class of Shares created and existing as of the date of the LLC Agreement, without obtaining the prior written consent of Shareholders holding a majority of the outstanding Class G Shares. Our LLC Agreement also authorizes our Board, without the consent of any person, to issue additional shares of any class for the consideration and on the terms and conditions established by our Board. 
 Transfer of Our Shares 
 You may withdraw as a member from KKR Infrastructure Conglomerate LLC by selling, transferring or assigning your Shares or having all of your Shares repurchased or redeemed in accordance with our share repurchase program, our LLC Agreement and any applicable securities laws. You may generally transfer all or a portion of your Shares except to impermissible types of transferees or by transfers that would adversely affect us, including transfers that would violate the ownership restrictions imposed in our LLC Agreement. 
 Formation and Duration 
 The Company was formed on September 23, 2022 as a Delaware limited liability company. The Company will remain in existence until its certificate of formation has been cancelled in the manner required by the LLC Act following the Company s dissolution and the completion of the winding up of the Company in accordance with our LLC Agreement and Delaware law. The LLC Agreement provides that the Company will be dissolved upon (a) the adoption of a resolution by the Board approving the dissolution of the Company, (b) the operations of the Company shall cease to constitute legal activities under the LLC Act or any other applicable law (as determined by the Board), (c) at any time there are no members of the Company unless the Company is continued without dissolution in accordance with the LLC Act or (d) the entry of a decree of judicial dissolution of the Company under Section 18-802 of the LLC Act. 

Limited Liability of our Members 
 Members will have no personal liability for any of the Company s obligations or liabilities solely by reason of being a member of the Company. Members will only be liable, in their capacity as a member, to the extent of their capital contribution and pro rata share of any of our undistributed profits. 
 Delaware law provides that, for a period of three years from the date on which any distribution is made to Shareholders (or later, if an action to recover the distribution is commenced prior to the expiration of such three year period), Shareholders may be liable to us for the distribution if both of the following are true 
 
 (1) the distribution was made in violation of the LLC Act and (2) the member knew at the time they received the distribution that it was made in violation of the LLC Act. 
 As further explained in the LLC Agreement and to the fullest extent permitted by law, we have agreed to indemnify members of the Board and the officers of the Company (each such person being an Indemnified Party ), to the fullest extent permitted by law, from and any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities, joint or several, expenses (including legal fees and expenses), judgments, fines, penalties, interest, settlements or other amounts arising as a result of any act or omission of an Indemnified Party, or for any breach of contract whether arising under the LLC Agreement, at law, in equity or otherwise. We have agreed to provide this indemnification unless there has been a final and non-appealable judgment entered by a court of competent jurisdiction determining that the Indemnified Party s action or omission constitutes fraud, willful misconduct or bad faith or the Indemnified Party s actions or omissions were not made during the course of performing or pursuant to the Indemnified Party s duties as a director, officer, trustee, manager, employee or agent of the Company or an affiliate thereof. Thus, one or more of the foregoing persons could be indemnified for its negligent acts if it met the requirements set forth above. To the extent these provisions purport to include indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission such indemnification is contrary to public policy and therefore unenforceable. 
 Conflicts of Interest 
 Conflicts of interest exist and may arise in the future as a result of the relationships among KKR, the Manager and their respective affiliates, on the one hand, and members of the Company Group and our members, on the other hand. Whenever a potential conflict arises among KKR, the Manager or any of their respective affiliates, on the one hand, and any member of the Company Group or any member, on the other hand, our Board or the Manager may, but shall not be required, to resolve that conflict by seeking approval from our audit committee. Our LLC Agreement contains provisions that reduce and eliminate the duties of our Board, including fiduciary duties, to our members. Our LLC Agreement also restricts the remedies available to Shareholders for actions taken that without those limitations might constitute breaches of duty, including fiduciary duties. 
 Under our LLC Agreement, our Board or the Manager will not be in breach of its obligations under the LLC Agreement or its duties to us or our members if the resolution of the conflict is 
 approved by the a majority of the Independent Directors, which may include the approval of the audit committee Special Approval ), although our Board or the Manager is not obligated to seek such approval 
 
 determined by the Board or the Manager, as applicable, to be on terms which are, in the aggregate, no less favorable to us than those generally being provided to or available from unrelated third parties 
 
 determined by the Board or the Manager, as applicable, fair and reasonable to us, taking into account the totality of the relationships among the parties involved, (including other transactions that may be particularly favorable or advantageous to us) or 
 
 approved by the vote of a majority of Members owning a majority of the Investor Shares (excluding any Investor Shares owned by KKR or any of its affiliates). 
 The Board or the Manager shall be authorized but not required, but is not required to, in connection with its resolution of such conflict of interest, to seek Special Approval or Member approval of such conflict of interest, and the Board or the Manager may also adopt a resolution or course of action that has not received Special Approval or Member approval. If our Board or the Manager does not seek approval from the audit committee or our members 

and the Board or the Manager, as applicable, determines that the resolution or course of action taken with respect to the conflict of interest satisfies either of the standards set forth in the second and third bullet points above, then it will be presumed that in making its decision the Board or the Manager, as applicable, acted in good faith, and in any proceeding brought by or on behalf of any member or us, the person bringing or prosecuting such proceeding will have the burden of overcoming such presumption. Unless the resolution of a conflict is specifically provided for in our LLC Agreement, the Board or the audit committee may consider any factors they determine in their sole discretion to consider when resolving a conflict. Our LLC Agreement provides that the Board will be conclusively presumed to be acting in good faith if the Board subjectively believes that the determination made or not made is in the best interests of the Company. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing two paragraphs, the Company intends to seek Special Approval for any sale of an Infrastructure Asset (defined below) to, or acquisition of an Infrastructure Asset from, KKR, any KKR Vehicle (defined below) or any of their respective affiliates (excluding portfolio entities of any KKR Vehicles). The funds, investment vehicles and accounts managed, now or in the future, by KKR, the Manager, KKR Credit or any of their respective affiliates (excluding for this purpose, KKR proprietary entities), including funds, investment vehicles and accounts pursuing the following strategies private equity (including growth equity, impact, and core strategies), credit (including (i) leveraged credit strategies, including leveraged loan, high-yield bond, opportunistic credit and revolving credit strategies, and (ii) alternative credit strategies, including special situations and private credit strategies such as direct lending and private opportunistic credit (or mezzanine) investment strategies), and real asset strategies (including real estate, energy and infrastructure strategies) are collectively referred to herein as KKR Vehicles. The term Infrastructure Assets refers, individually and collectively, to any entity owned, directly or indirectly through subsidiaries, by the Company, including as the context requires, portfolio companies, holding companies, special purpose vehicles and other entities through which infrastructure assets or businesses will be held. 
 Fiduciary Duties 
 The Board is accountable to Shareholders as a fiduciary. Fiduciary duties owed to our shareholders by our Board are prescribed by law and our LLC Agreement. The LLC Act provides that Delaware limited liability companies may in their limited liability company agreements expand, restrict or eliminate the duties, including fiduciary duties, otherwise owed by directors, managers, controlling members and their affiliates to members and the limited liability company. 
 Our LLC Agreement contains various provisions modifying, restricting and eliminating the duties, including fiduciary duties, that might otherwise be owed by our directors, managers, controlling members and their affiliates. We have adopted these restrictions to allow KKR, the Manager and their respective affiliates to engage in transactions with us that would otherwise be prohibited by state-law fiduciary duty standards and to take into account the interests of other parties in addition to our interests when resolving conflicts of interest. Without these modifications, the ability of the Board and our audit committee to make decisions involving conflicts of interest would be restricted. These modifications are detrimental to our members because they restrict the remedies available to our members for actions that without those limitations might constitute breaches of duty, including a fiduciary duty, as described below, and they permit our Board and the audit committee to take into account the interests of third parties in addition to our interests when resolving conflicts of interest. 
 The following is a summary of the material restrictions on the fiduciary duties owed by our Board to our members 
 State Law Fiduciary Duty Standards 
 Fiduciary duties are generally considered to include an obligation to act in good faith and with due care and loyalty. In the absence of a provision in a limited liability company agreement providing otherwise, the duty of care would generally require a board of directors of a Delaware limited liability company to make decisions in a deliberate and fully informed manner after taking into consideration all material information reasonably available. In the absence of a provision in a limited liability company agreement providing otherwise, the duty of loyalty would generally require a board of directors of a Delaware limited liability company to take any action or omit to take action on a disinterested basis, in good faith, with an honest belief that it is in the best interests of the limited liability company. 
 LLC Agreement Modified Standards 
 Our LLC Agreement contains provisions that modify or eliminate duties of or consent to conduct by the Board, the Manager and its affiliates that might otherwise raise issues about compliance with fiduciary duties or applicable law. 

In addition to the other more specific provisions limiting the obligations of our Board, our LLC Agreement further provides that, except as required by applicable preemptive U.S. federal law or the Delaware LLC Act, neither the Manager nor any Indemnified Party will be liable to us, our members or any other person bound by the LLC Agreement for any act or omission or for any breach of contract (including a breach of the LLC Agreement) or any breach of duties (including breach of fiduciary duties) whether arising under the LLC Agreement, at law, in equity or otherwise, unless there has been a final and non-appealable judgment entered by a court of competent jurisdiction determining that (A) in respect of the matter in question, the Indemnified Party acted in bad faith or engaged in fraud or willful misconduct or (B) the Indemnified Party s action or omission was not made during the course of performing, or pursuant to, such person s duties as a director, officer, trustee, manager, employee or agent of the Company or an Affiliate thereof. 
 Exculpation and Indemnification 
 To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, none of the Indemnified Parties will be liable to the Company or any Shareholders for any losses, claims, damages, liabilities, joint or several, expenses (including legal fees and expenses), judgments, fines, penalties, interest, settlements or other amounts arising as a result of (i) any act or omission or for any breach of contract (including a breach of the LLC Agreement) or any breach of duties (including breach of fiduciary duties) whether arising under the LLC Agreement, at law, in equity or otherwise, unless there has been a final and non-appealable judgment entered by a court of competent jurisdiction determining that, (A) in respect of the matter in question, such Indemnified Party acted in bad faith or engaged in fraud or willful misconduct or (B) the Indemnified Party s action or omission was not made during the course of performing, or pursuant to, the Indemnified Party s duties as a director, officer, trustee, manager, employee or agent of the Company or an affiliate thereof, (ii) any action or omission to act by any other person, (iii) any mistake, action, inaction, negligence, dishonesty, fraud or bad faith of any broker, placement agent or other agent as provided in the LLC Agreement, or (iv) any change in U.S. federal, state or local or non-U.S. income tax laws, or in interpretations thereof, as they apply to the Company or the Shareholders, whether the change occurs through legislative, judicial or administrative action. Notwithstanding the immediately preceding sentence, to the fullest extent permitted by law, no Shareholder will be liable to the Company, any other Shareholder or any other person bound by the LLC Agreement. 
 To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, (i) the Company will indemnify and hold harmless each Indemnified Party from and against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities, joint or several, expenses (including legal fees and expenses), judgments, fines, penalties, interest, settlements or other amounts arising as a result of any act or omission of an Indemnified Party, or for any breach of contract (including breach of the LLC Agreement) or any breach of duties (including breach of fiduciary duties) whether arising under the LLC Agreement, at law, in equity or otherwise provided, that an Indemnified Party will not be entitled to indemnification under the LLC Agreement if there has been a final and non-appealable judgment entered by a court of competent jurisdiction determining that the Indemnified Party s action or omission constitutes fraud, willful misconduct or bad faith or the Indemnified Party s actions or omissions were not made during the course of performing or pursuant to the Indemnified Party s duties as a director, officer, trustee, manager, employee or agent of the Company or an affiliate thereof, (ii) the Company will also have the power to indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, by reason of the fact that the person is or was an employee or agent of the Company, or, while serving as an employee or agent of the Company, is or was serving at the request of the Company at the request of the Company as a director, officer, employee, agent or trustee of another corporation or of a partnership, joint venture, trust, enterprise or nonprofit entity, including service with respect to employee benefit plans, its participants or beneficiaries, whether the basis of such proceeding is alleged action in an official capacity as a director, officer, employee, agent or trustee or in any other capacity while serving as a director, officer, employee, agent or trustee, from and against any and all claims, liabilities, damages, losses, costs and expenses of any kind, including legal fees and amounts paid in satisfaction of judgments, in compromises and settlements, as fines and penalties and legal or other costs and expenses of investigating or defending against any claim or alleged claim, of any nature whatsoever, known or unknown, liquidated or unliquidated, that are incurred by such person, if such person acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company, and, with respect to any criminal proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe such person s conduct was unlawful. The Board will have the power to delegate to the Executive Committee the determination of whether employees or agents are entitled to be indemnified. 
 Mandatory Repurchases 
 Under the Company s LLC Agreement, the Company may repurchase all or any portion of the Shares of a member without consent or other action by the member or other person if the Company determines that 

the Shares have been transferred in violation of the LLC Agreement, or have vested in any person by operation of law as a result of the death, divorce, dissolution, bankruptcy, insolvency or adjudicated incompetence of the member 
 
 any transferee does not meet any investor eligibility requirements established by the Company from time to time 
 
 ownership of Shares by a member or other person is likely to cause the Company to be in violation of, or require registration of the Shares under, or subject the Company to additional registration or regulation under, the securities, commodities, or other laws of the U.S. or any other jurisdiction in the world, including without limitation the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended 
 
 continued ownership of the Shares by a member may be harmful or injurious to the business or reputation of the Company, the Manager, KKR, or any of their affiliates, or may subject the Company or any member to an undue risk of adverse tax or other fiscal or regulatory consequences 
 
 any of the representations and warranties made by a member or other person in connection with the acquisition of Shares was not true when made or has ceased to be true 
 
 with respect to a member subject to special laws or regulations, the member is likely to be subject to additional regulatory or compliance requirements under these special laws or regulations by virtue of continuing to hold any Shares 
 
 it would be in the interest of the Company, as determined by the Repurchase Committee, for the Company to repurchase the Shares or 
 
 continued ownership of any Shares by a Shareholder all or any portion of the assets of the Company may be characterized as assets of a Plan (defined below) for purposes of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ERISA ), Section 2975 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), or any applicable Similar Law (defined below). The term Plan refers to any (i) employee benefit plan (within the meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA) which is subject to Title I of ERISA, (ii) plan described in Section 4975 of the Code which is subject to Section 4975 of the Code (including, without limitation, an individual retirement account and a Keogh plan), (iii) plan, fund, account or other arrangement that is subject to provisions under any other federal, state, local, non-U.S. or other laws or regulations that are similar to the fiduciary responsibility or prohibited transaction provisions of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code (collectively, Similar Laws ), and (iv) entity whose underlying assets are considered to include the assets of any of the foregoing described in clauses (i), (ii) and (iii), pursuant to ERISA or otherwise. 
 Third-Party Tender Offers 
 Our LLC Agreement contains provisions that apply to tender offers by third parties including compliance with the applicable laws for such tender offers in addition to certain obligations to the company regarding notice and reimbursement of company expenses. 
 Distributions 
 Beginning with the end of our first full calendar quarter after which we sell shares to non-affiliates in our private offering of our Shares (the Private Offering ), we will seek to pay regular quarterly distributions at an attractive distribution yield to Shareholders of record. We intend to declare and accrue distributions monthly and pay distributions quarterly. However, there can be no guarantee that the Company will pay quarterly distributions consistently and at a specific rate, or at all. 
 Our distributions may and are expected to exceed our earnings and cash flow from operating activities and may be paid from borrowings, proceeds from our Private Offering and other sources, including the sale of our assets or return of capital, especially during the period shortly after investing the proceeds from our Private Offering. Funding distributions from the sale of our assets or offering proceeds will result in us having less funds available to acquire Infrastructure Assets. As a result, our performance may be reduced, and doing so may also negatively impact our ability to generate cash flows. In addition, because the Manager does not charge a Management Fee on and KKR does not receive a Performance Participation Allocation for KKR Shares, the per Share amount of distributions on the KKR Shares could be higher compared to the Investor Shares. 

Cash distributions to holders of our Shares will automatically be reinvested under our Distribution Reinvestment Plan (the DRIP in additional whole and fractional Shares attributable to the class of Shares that a Shareholder owns unless such holders elect to receive distributions in cash. Shareholders may terminate their participation in the DRIP with prior written notice to us. Under the DRIP, Shareholders distributions are reinvested in Shares of the same class owned by the Shareholder for a purchase price equal to the most recently available NAV per share. Shareholders will not pay a sales load when purchasing shares under our DRIP however, all outstanding Class S Shares will be subject to a dealer manager fee, and Class S, Class D and Class U Shares, including those purchased under our DRIP, will be subject to ongoing shareholder servicing fees. 
 Any cash distribution by the Company to a Shareholder that is not reinvested under the DRIP will reduce such Shareholder s basis in the Shares. When a Shareholder sells Shares in the Company, the amount, if any, by which the amount realized exceeds the basis in such Shares is gain subject to tax. As a result of distributions throughout the term of a Shareholder s investment, a Shareholder may be required to pay tax even if selling its investment in the Shares for an amount less than it paid. In addition, in order to make such distributions, we might have to indirectly sell a portion of our Infrastructure Assets at a time when independent judgment might not dictate such action. Our actual financial performance will likely vary significantly quarterly and from year-to-year, and there may be extended periods of up to several years when the distribution rate will exceed the Company s actual total returns. Our projected or actual distribution rate is not a prediction of what the Company s actual total returns will be over any specific future period. 
 Various factors will affect the level of the Company s income, including the asset mix and the amount of leverage utilized by the Company. To permit the Company to maintain a more stable quarterly distribution, we may from time to time distribute less than the entire amount of income earned in a particular period. The undistributed income would be available to supplement future distributions. As a result, the distributions paid by the Company for any particular quarter may be more or less than the amount of income actually earned by the Company during that period. Undistributed income will add to our net asset value and, correspondingly, distributions of previously undistributed income will reduce the Company s NAV. 

</EX-4.4>

<EX-10.4>
 3
 k-infrax20221231xex1004xgl.htm
 EX-10.4

Document 
 Exhibit 10.4 

GLOBAL CUSTODY AGREEMENT 

AGREEMENT, dated as of March 21, 2023 between KKR Infrastructure Conglomerate LLC Customer and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, National Association Custodian ). 

ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS 
 
 Whenever used in this Agreement, the following words shall have the meanings set forth below 
 
 1. Authorized Person shall be any person duly authorized by Customer to give Oral Instructions or Written Instructions with respect to one or more Accounts, such persons to be designated in Schedule C of the Written Resolutions of KKR Credit Advisors (US) LLC (the Incumbency Certificate ), which contains a specimen signature of such person. 
 
 2. BNYM Affiliate shall mean any office, branch or subsidiary of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation. 
 
 3. Book-Entry System shall mean the Federal Reserve Treasury book-entry system for receiving and delivering securities, its successors and nominees. 
 
 4. Business Day shall mean any day on which Custodian and relevant Subcustodians and Depositories are open for business. 
 
 5. Corporate Action Instructions shall mean instructions delivered to Custodian by Electronic Means, other than e-mail. Corporate Action Instructions sent by facsimile shall be sent to the following number 844-299-3627 (which such number may be changed from time to time as Custodian may designate in writing). 
 
 6. Credit Cash Penalties means any amounts received by the Custodian from any Depository or Subcustodian in respect of cash penalty charges payable under CSDR. 
 
 7. CSDR means the Central Securities Depositaries Regulation (EU) 909 2014. 
 
 8. Debit Cash Penalties means any costs or charges incurred by the Custodian in carrying out instructions to clear and or settle transfers of securities under this Agreement (including cash penalty charges that may be incurred under CSDR if a settlement fail occurs). 
 
 9. Depository shall include the Book-Entry System, the Depository Trust Company, Euroclear, Clearstream Banking S.A. and any other securities depository, book-entry system or clearing agency (and their respective successors and nominees) authorized to act as a securities depository, book-entry system or clearing agency pursuant to applicable law and identified to Customer from time to time. 
 
 10. Electronic Means shall mean the following communications methods S.W.I.F.T., e-mail, secure electronic transmission containing applicable authorization codes, passwords and or authentication keys issued by the Custodian, or another method or system specified by the Custodian as available for use in connection with its services hereunder. 
 
 11. Oral Instructions shall mean instructions received verbally by Custodian from an Authorized Person. 
 
 12. Sanctions means all applicable economic sanctions laws, rules, regulations, executive orders and requirements administered by any governmental authority of the United States (including the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury OFAC )), the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, HM Treasury or any other applicable domestic or foreign authority with jurisdiction over Customer. . 
 
 13. Securities shall include, without limitation, any common stock and other equity securities, mutual funds, hedge funds, collective investment vehicles, bonds, debentures, bank loans and other debt securities, notes, mortgages or other obligations, and any instruments representing rights to receive, purchase, or subscribe for the same, or representing any other rights or interests therein (whether represented by a certificate or held in a Depository, with a Subcustodian or on the books of the issuer). 

14. Subcustodian shall mean a bank or other financial institution (other than a Depository) which is utilized by Custodian in connection with the purchase, sale or custody of Securities hereunder and identified to Customer from time to time. 
 
 15. Written Instructions shall mean written communications actually received by Custodian from an Authorized 
 Person by letter or by Electronic Means. 

ARTICLE II 
 APPOINTMENT OF CUSTODIAN ACCOUNTS REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
 
 1. Customer hereby appoints Custodian as custodian of all Securities and cash at any time delivered to Custodian during the term of this Agreement and authorizes Custodian to hold Securities in registered form in its name or the name of its nominees. Custodian hereby accepts such appointment and agrees to establish and maintain one or more securities accounts and cash accounts in which Custodian will hold Securities and cash as provided herein. Such accounts (each, an Account collectively, the Accounts shall be in the name of Customer. 
 
 2. Customer hereby represents, warrants and covenants, which representations, warranties and covenants shall be continuing and shall be deemed to be reaffirmed upon each Oral Instruction or Written Instruction given by Customer, that 
 
 (a) Customer is duly organized and existing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization, with full power to carry on its business as now conducted, to enter into this Agreement and to perform its obligations hereunder 
 
 (b) This Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by Customer, constitutes a valid and legally binding obligation of Customer, enforceable in accordance with its terms, and no statute, regulation, rule, order, judgment or contract binding on Customer prohibits Customer's execution or performance of this Agreement and 
 
 (c) Either Customer owns the Securities in the Accounts free and clear of all liens, claims, security interests and encumbrances (except those granted herein) or, if the Securities in an Account are owned beneficially by others, Customer has the right to pledge such Securities to the extent necessary to secure Customer's obligations hereunder, free of any right of redemption or prior claim by the beneficial owner. Custodian's security interest pursuant to Article V hereof shall be a first lien and security interest subject to no setoffs, counterclaims or other liens prior to or on a parity with it in favor of any other party (other than specific liens granted preferred status by statute), and Customer shall take any and all additional steps which are required to assure Custodian of such priority and status, including (i) notifying third parties or obtaining their consent to Custodian's security interest, (ii) prohibiting transfer of any interest in a Security from the nominee name in which such investment is registered without the express written consent of Custodian and (iii) ensuring it does not take any other action that would cause Custodian s first lien and security interest hereunder to be adversely affected. 

ARTICLE III 
 CUSTODY AND RELATED SERVICES 
 
 1. (a) Subject to the terms hereof, Customer hereby authorizes Custodian to hold any Securities received by it from time to time for Customer's account. Custodian shall be entitled to utilize Depositories and Subcustodians to the extent possible in connection with its performance hereunder. Securities and cash deposited by Custodian in a Depository will be held subject to the rules, terms and conditions of such Depository. Securities and cash held through Subcustodians shall be held subject to the terms and conditions of Custodian's agreements with such Subcustodians. Subcustodians may be authorized to hold Securities in central securities depositories or clearing agencies in which such Subcustodians participate. Unless otherwise required by local law or practice or a particular subcustodian agreement, Securities deposited with Subcustodians will be held in a commingled account in the name of Custodian as custodian or trustee for its customers. Custodian shall hold and segregate from its own property, and direct its agents or Subcustodians to so hold and segregate, for Customer the Securities and cash belonging to Customer Account Assets ). Custodian shall identify on its books and records the Account Assets, whether held directly or indirectly through Depositories or Subcustodians. To the extent that Custodian or any of its agents or Subcustodians holds Securities constituting Account Assets in an omnibus account that is identified as belonging to Custodian for the benefit of its customers, the records of Custodian shall identify which of such Securities constitute Account Assets. Custodian shall maintain books and records that identify the Account Assets as assets held by it in a custodial capacity for the benefit of Customer (whether held by Custodian, its agent, or a Subcustodian) and reflect the amounts on deposit in an omnibus account of Custodian in a custodial capacity that are owed to Customer. Custodian shall not hold itself out as owning Account Assets. Custodian may not pledge, rehypothecate, encumber, or set-off against any Account Assets except as permitted herein to set-off or enforce against collateral for obligations to Custodian arising under the terms of this Agreement. 
 
 (b) Unless applicable law otherwise requires, Custodian shall hold Securities indirectly through a Subcustodian only if (i) the Securities are not subject to any right, charge, security interest, lien or claim of any kind in favor of such Subcustodian or its creditors, including a receiver or trustee in bankruptcy or similar authority, except for a claim of payment for the safe custody or administration of Securities or for funds advanced on behalf of Customer by such Subcustodian, and (ii) beneficial ownership of the 
 Securities is freely transferable without the payment of money or value other than for safe custody or administration. 

2. Custodian shall furnish Customer with an advice of daily transactions and a monthly summary of all transfers to or from the Accounts. Customer may elect to receive advices, confirmations, reports or statements electronically through the Internet to an email address specified by it for such purpose. By electing to use the Internet for this purpose, Customer acknowledges that such transmissions are not encrypted and therefore are unsecure. Customer further acknowledges that there are other risks inherent in communicating through the Internet such as the possibility of virus contamination and disruptions in service, and agrees that Custodian shall not be responsible for any loss, damage or expense suffered or incurred by Customer or any person claiming by or through Customer as a result of the use of such methods. 

3. With respect to all Securities held hereunder, Custodian shall, unless otherwise instructed to the contrary 

(a) Receive all income and other payments and advise Customer as promptly as practicable of any such amounts any such amounts due but not paid 
 (b) Present for payment and receive the amount paid upon all Securities which may mature and advise Customer as promptly as practicable of any such amounts due but not paid 
 
 (c) Forward to Customer all information or documents that it may receive from an issuer of Securities which, in the opinion of Custodian, are intended for the beneficial owner of Securities 
 
 (d) Execute, as custodian, any certificates of ownership, affidavits, declarations or other certificates under any tax laws now or hereafter in effect in connection with the collection of bond and note coupons 
 
 (e) Hold directly or through a Depository or Subcustodian all rights and similar Securities issued with respect to any Securities credited to an Account hereunder and 
 
 (f) Endorse for collection checks, drafts or other negotiable instruments. 
 
 (g) Custodian shall perform the following functions with respect to Securities consisting of bank loans and the cash receipts and proceeds with respect thereto 
 (i) Receive funds to purchase bank loans and remit those funds to the recipient borrower or seller of such bank loans upon Written Instructions of Authorized Person 
 (ii) Enter standard bank loan information into Custodian s loan tracking system 
 (iii) Forward to Customer the agent bank notices received from agent banks with respect to Customer and 
 (iv) Prepare and deliver to Customer a position summary statement, cash flow activity and contract accrual reports with respect to the bank loans on a mutually agreed upon periodic basis. 
 
 4. (a) Custodian shall notify Customer of such rights or discretionary actions or of the date or dates by when such rights must be exercised or such action must be taken provided that Custodian has received, from the issuer or the relevant Depository (with respect to Securities issued in the United States) or from the relevant Subcustodian, Depository or a nationally or internationally recognized bond or corporate action service to which Custodian subscribes, timely notice of such rights or discretionary corporate action or of the date or dates such rights must be exercised or such action must be taken (except for bank loans). Absent actual receipt of such notice, Custodian shall have no liability for failing to so notify Customer. 
 (b) Whenever Securities (including, but not limited to, warrants, options, tenders, options to tender or non-mandatory puts or calls) confer optional rights on Customer or provide for discretionary action or alternative courses of action by Customer, Customer shall be responsible for making any decisions relating thereto and for directing Custodian to act. In order for Custodian to act, it must receive Customer's Corporate Action Instructions, not later than noon at least two (2) Business Days prior to the last scheduled date to act with respect to such Securities (or such earlier date or time as Custodian may notify Customer). Absent Custodian's timely receipt of such Corporate Action Instructions in accordance with the timing provisions set forth in the previous sentence, Custodian shall not be liable for failure to take any action relating to or to exercise any rights conferred by such Securities. 
 
 5. In order to facilitate access by Customer or its designee to ballots or online systems to assist in the voting of proxies received for eligible positions of Securities held in the Account (excluding bankruptcy matters), the Custodian will, at the written request of Customer upon the execution of this Agreement, appoint a provider of proxy voting services to act as agent of Customer to provide global proxy voting services to Customer. Custodian shall have no obligation or liability in respect of such proxy voting services or the acts or omissions of the provider of such proxy voting services. 
 
 6. Custodian shall promptly advise Customer upon its notification of the partial redemption, partial payment or other action affecting less than all Securities of the relevant class (except for bank loans). If Custodian, any Subcustodian or Depository holds any such Securities in which Customer has an interest as part of a fungible mass, Custodian, such Subcustodian or Depository may select the Securities to participate in such partial redemption, partial payment or other action in any non-discriminatory manner that it customarily uses to make such selection. 
 
 7. Custodian shall not under any circumstances accept bearer interest coupons which have been stripped from United 
 States federal, state or local government or agency securities unless explicitly agreed to by Custodian in writing. 

8. Customer shall be liable for all taxes, assessments, duties and other governmental charges, including any interest or penalty with respect thereto Taxes ), with respect to any cash or Securities held on behalf of Customer or any transaction related thereto. Customer shall indemnify Custodian and each Subcustodian for the amount of any Tax that Custodian, any such Subcustodian or any other withholding agent is required under applicable laws (whether by assessment or otherwise) to pay on behalf of, or in respect of income earned by or payments or distributions made to or for the account of Customer (including any payment of Tax required by reason of an earlier failure to withhold). Custodian shall, or shall instruct the applicable Subcustodian or other withholding agent to, withhold the amount of any Tax which is required to be withheld under applicable law upon collection of any dividend, interest or other distribution made with respect to any Security and any proceeds or income from the sale, loan or other transfer of any Security. In the event that Custodian or any Subcustodian is required under applicable law to pay any Tax on behalf of Customer, Custodian is hereby authorized to withdraw cash from any cash Account in the amount required to pay such Tax and to use such cash, or to remit such cash to the appropriate Subcustodian, for the timely payment of such Tax in the manner required by applicable law. If the aggregate amount of cash in all cash Accounts is not sufficient to pay such Tax, Custodian shall promptly notify Customer of the additional amount of cash (in the appropriate currency) required, and Customer shall directly deposit such additional amount in the appropriate cash Account promptly after receipt of such notice, for use by Custodian as specified herein. In the event that Custodian reasonably believes that Customer is eligible, pursuant to applicable law or to the provisions of any tax treaty, for a reduced rate of, or exemption from, any Tax which is otherwise required to be withheld or paid on behalf of Customer under any applicable law, Custodian shall, or shall instruct the applicable Subcustodian or withholding agent to, either withhold or pay such Tax at such reduced rate or refrain from withholding or paying such Tax, as appropriate provided that Custodian shall have received from Customer all documentary evidence of residence or other qualification for such reduced rate or exemption required to be received under such applicable law or treaty. Custodian and the applicable Subcustodian shall have no responsibility for the accuracy or validity of any forms or documentation provided by Customer to Custodian hereunder. Customer hereby agrees to indemnify and hold harmless Custodian and each Subcustodian in respect of any liability arising from any underwithholding or underpayment of any Tax which results from the inaccuracy or invalidity of any such forms or other documentation, and such obligation to indemnify shall be a continuing obligation of Customer, its successors and assigns, notwithstanding the termination of this Agreement. 
 
 9. (a) For the purpose of settling Securities and foreign exchange transactions, Customer shall provide Custodian with sufficient immediately available funds for all transactions by such time and date as conditions in the relevant market dictate. As used herein, sufficient immediately available funds shall mean either (i) sufficient cash denominated in the currency of Customer's home jurisdiction to purchase the necessary foreign currency, or (ii) sufficient applicable foreign currency to settle the transaction. Custodian shall provide Customer with immediately available funds each day which result from the actual settlement of all sale transactions, based upon advices received by Custodian from its Subcustodians and Depositories. Such funds shall be in the currency of Customer's home jurisdiction or such other currency as Customer may specify to Custodian. 
 
 (b) If the Custodian receives an instruction to effect any foreign exchange transactions, or cannot comply with instructions without effecting foreign exchange transactions, the Custodian is authorized to enter into spot foreign exchange transactions FX Transactions with the Customer in connection with the Accounts and may provide such foreign exchange services to the Customer itself or through any BNYM Affiliates. The Custodian may convert currency itself or through any BNYM Affiliate and, in those cases, the Custodian or, as the case may be, the relevant BNYM Affiliate through which currency is converted acts as principal for its own account and not as agent, advisor, broker or fiduciary on behalf of any other person and may earn revenue, including, without limitation, transaction spreads, and sales margin, that it will retain for its own account. The revenue is based on, among other things,the difference between the exchange rate assigned to the FX Transaction made under this Agreement and the rate that the Custodian or any BNYM Affiliate receives when buying or selling foreign currency for its own account. The Custodian or the relevant BNYM Affiliate makes no representation that the exchange rate used or obtained for any FX Transaction under this Agreement will be the most favorable rate that could be obtained at the time or as to the method by which that rate will be determined. The Custodian or the relevant BNYM Affiliate may establish rules or limitations concerning any foreign exchange facility made available to the Customer. Any such FX Transactions will be subject to terms and conditions (the FX Terms separately disclosed. In addition, the Custodian may transmit any FX Transaction to a Subcustodian or Depository or as otherwise agreed between the Customer and the Custodian. In such cases, the relevant FX Transaction may not be processed and priced as described in the FX Terms. 
 
 10. To the extent that Custodian has agreed to provide pricing or other information services in connection with this Agreement, Custodian is authorized to utilize any vendor (including brokers and dealers of Securities) reasonably believed by Custodian to be reliable to provide such information. Customer understands that certain pricing information with respect to complex financial instruments (e.g., derivatives) may be based on calculated amounts rather than actual market transactions and may not reflect actual market values, and that the variance between such calculated amounts and actual market values may or may not be material. Where vendors do not provide information for particular Securities or other property, an Authorized Person may advise Custodian regarding the fair market value of, or provide other information with respect to, such Securities or property as determined by it in good faith. Custodian shall not be liable for any loss, damage or expense incurred as a result of errors or omissions with respect to any pricing or other information utilized by Custodian hereunder. 
 
 11. As an accommodation to Customer, Custodian may provide consolidated recordkeeping services pursuant to which Custodian reflects on Account statements Securities not held in Custodian s vault or for which Custodian or its nominee is not the registered owner Non-Custody Securities ). Non-Custody Securities shall be designated on Custodian's books as shares not held or by other similar characterization. Customer acknowledges and agrees that it shall have no security entitlement against Custodian with respect to Non-Custody Securities, that Custodian shall conclusively rely, without independent verification, on information provided by Customer regarding Non-Custody Securities (including but not limited to positions and market valuations) and that Custodian shall 

have no responsibility whatsoever with respect to Non-Custody Securities or the accuracy of any information maintained on Custodian's books or set forth on account statements concerning Non-Custody Securities. 
 
 12. With respect to Securities issued in the United States, the Shareholders Communications Act of 1985 (the Act requires Custodian to disclose to the issuers, upon their request, the name, address and securities position of its customers who are (a) the beneficial owners (as defined in the Act) of the issuer s Securities, if the beneficial owner does not object to such disclosure, or (b) acting as a respondent bank (as defined in the Act) with respect to the Securities. (Under the Act, respondent banks do not have the option of objecting to such disclosure upon the issuers' request.) The Act defines a beneficial owner as any person who has, or shares, the power to vote a security (pursuant to an agreement or otherwise), or who directs the voting of a security. The Act defines a respondent bank as any bank, association or other entity that exercises fiduciary powers which holds securities on behalf of beneficial owners and deposits such securities for safekeeping with a bank, such as Custodian. Under the Act, Customer is either the beneficial owner or a respondent bank. 
 
 Customer is the beneficial owner, as defined in the Act, of the Securities to be held by Custodian hereunder. 
 Customer is not the beneficial owner of the Securities to be held by Custodian, but is acting as a respondent bank, as 
 defined in the Act, with respect to the Securities to be held by Custodian hereunder. 
 IF NO BOX IS CHECKED, CUSTODIAN SHALL ASSUME THAT CUSTOMER IS THE BENEFICIAL OWNER OF THE SECURITIES. 
 
 For beneficial owners of the Securities only 
 
 Customer objects 
 Customer does not object 
 
 to the disclosure of its name, address and securities position to any issuer that requests such information pursuant to the Act for the specific purpose of direct communications between such issuer and Customer. 
 IF NO BOX IS CHECKED, CUSTODIAN SHALL RELEASE SUCH INFORMATION UNTIL IT RECEIVES A CONTRARY WRITTEN INSTRUCTION FROM CUSTOMER. 
 
 With respect to Securities issued outside of the United States, information shall be released to issuers only if required by law or regulation of the particular country in which the Securities are located. 
 
 13. The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation is a global financial organization that operates in and provides services and products to clients through its affiliates and subsidiaries, including the Custodian, located in multiple jurisdictions (the BNY Mellon Group ). The BNY Mellon Group may (i) centralize in one or more affiliates and subsidiaries certain activities (the Centralized Functions ), including audit, accounting, administration, risk management, legal, compliance, sales, product communication, relationship management, and the compilation and analysis of information and data regarding Customer (which, for purposes of this provision, includes the name and business contact information for the Customer s employees and representatives) and the accounts established pursuant to this Agreement Customer Information and (ii) use third party service providers to store, maintain and process Customer s Information Outsourced Functions ). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained elsewhere in this Agreement and solely in connection with the Centralized Functions and or Outsourced Functions, Customer consent to the disclosure of, and authorize BNY Mellon to disclose, Customer s Information to (i) other members of the BNY Mellon Group (and their respective officers, directors and employees) and to (ii) third-party service providers (but solely in connection with Outsourced Functions) who are required to maintain the confidentiality of Customer s Information. In addition, the BNY Mellon Group may aggregate Customer Information with other data collected and or calculated by the BNY Mellon Group, and the BNY Mellon Group will own all such aggregated data, provided that the BNY Mellon Group shall not distribute the aggregated data in a format that identifies Customer Information with Customer specifically. Customer represents that it is authorized to consent to the foregoing and that the disclosure of Customer s Information in connection with the Centralized Functions and or Outsourced Functions does not violate any relevant data protection legislation. Customer also consents to the disclosure of Customer s Information to governmental and regulatory authorities in jurisdictions where the BNY Mellon Group operates solely to the extent required by such governmental and regulatory authorities and otherwise as required by law. 
 
 14. The Custodian may, in respect of any irrevocable commitment in carrying out Oral Instructions or Written Instructions to clear and or settle transactions for the Customer under this Agreement, incur Debit Cash Penalties or receive Credit Cash Penalties from the relevant Subcustodians or Depositories through which Securities are held. The Custodian may, at any time, demand that the Customer reimburse the Custodian in respect of such Debit Cash Penalties and may, for such purposes, convert the amount of such Debit Cash Penalties into another currency agreed between the Customer and the Custodian to be used for invoicing purposes at such rate or rates as separately disclosed by the Custodian to the Customer. The Customer agrees that its reimbursement obligation arises when the irrevocable commitment is incurred by the Custodian despite the actual settlement or maturity date and whether or not the Custodian has 

demanded reimbursement. After the Customer has received a properly documented and noticed demand for reimbursement by the Custodian, the Customer shall pay cash equal to that demand in accordance with Article VI, Section 6 of this Agreement. In any event, the Custodian may and is hereby authorized to, at any time, debit a Cash Account for the amount the Custodian will be obligated to pay in respect of any Debit Cash Penalties, whether or not that debit creates or increases any overdraft by the Customer. Custodian may also, without notice to the Customer, credit a Cash Account with cash equal to the amount of any Credit Cash Penalties received by the Custodian. If any Credit Cash Penalties received by the Custodian are denominated in a currency other than a currency in which a Cash Account is already opened pursuant to this Agreement, the Custodian shall, and is hereby authorized and instructed to, open a new Cash Account for the Customer in such currency for the purposes of distributing such Credit Cash Penalties received by the Custodian to the Customer. 

ARTICLE IV 
 PURCHASE, SALE AND REDEMPTION OF SECURITIES CREDITS TO ACCOUNT 
 
 1. (a) Promptly after each purchase or sale of Securities by Customer, an Authorized Person shall deliver to Custodian Written Instructions specifying all information necessary for Custodian to settle such purchase or sale. Custodian shall account for all purchases and sales of Securities on the actual settlement date unless otherwise agreed by Custodian. 
 
 (b) With respect to purchases and redemptions of hedge fund interests or other collective investments interests Hedge Fund Investments ), Custodian (or its nominee) will as agent for Customer, upon the Written Instructions of an Authorized Person, subscribe for and redeem shares, units or other interests and complete, execute and submit all relevant subscription and redemption documentation required by the relevant issuer provided that any Written Instructions given to Custodian hereunder shall be in accordance with Custodian s procedures notified to Customer from time to time and provided further, that Customer s delivery to Custodian of any such Written Instructions to purchase Hedge Fund Investments shall constitute Customer s representation and warranty that Customer has reviewed and understands the terms of the relevant offering memorandum or subscription agreement (or similar document) and other document(s) related thereto and agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions thereof (including all representations and warranties to which Customer will be bound as beneficial owner of such Hedge Fund Investment). 
 
 2. Customer understands that when Custodian is instructed to deliver Securities against payment, delivery of such Securities and receipt of payment therefor may not be completed simultaneously. Customer assumes full responsibility for all credit risks involved in connection with Custodian's delivery of Securities pursuant to instructions of Customer. 
 
 3. Custodian may, as a matter of bookkeeping convenience or by separate agreement with Customer, credit the Account with the proceeds from the sale, redemption or other disposition of Securities or interest, dividends or other distributions payable on Securities prior to its actual receipt of final payment therefor. All such credits shall be conditional until Custodian's actual receipt of final payment and may be reversed by Custodian to the extent that final payment is not received. Payment with respect to a transaction will not be final until Custodian shall have received immediately available funds which under applicable local law, rule and or practice are irreversible and not subject to any security interest, levy or other encumbrance, and which are specifically applicable to such transaction. 
 
 ARTICLE V OVERDRAFTS OR INDEBTEDNESS 
 
 1. If Custodian in its sole discretion advances funds in any currency hereunder or there shall arise for whatever reason an overdraft in an Account (including, without limitation, overdrafts incurred in connection with the settlement of securities transactions, funds transfers or foreign exchange transactions) or if Customer is for any other reason indebted to Custodian under this Agreement, Customer agrees to repay Custodian on demand the amount of the advance, overdraft or indebtedness plus accrued interest at a rate ordinarily charged by Custodian to its institutional custody customers in the relevant currency. 
 
 2. In order to secure repayment of Customer's obligations to Custodian hereunder, Customer hereby pledges and grants to Custodian a continuing lien and security interest in, and right of set-off against, all of Customer's right, title and interest in and to the 

Accounts and the Securities, money and other property now or hereafter held in the Accounts (including proceeds thereof), and any other property at any time held by it for the account of Customer pursuant to this Agreement. In this regard, Custodian shall be entitled to all the rights and remedies of a pledgee and secured creditor under applicable laws, rules or regulations as then in effect. 
 
 3. In no event shall Custodian or any of its affiliates, as applicable, have recourse, whether by set-off or otherwise, with respect to any amounts owed or liabilities incurred by Customer under or in connection with this Agreement, to or against (x) any assets of any person or entity (including, without limitation, any person or entity whose account is under the management of the manager of Customer (the Manager other than Customer or (y) any assets of any affiliate of Customer or of the Manager or any affiliate of the Manager. 
 
 ARTICLE VI CONCERNING CUSTODIAN 
 
 1. (a) Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, Custodian shall not be liable for any costs, expenses, damages, liabilities or claims, including attorneys' and accountants' fees, costs and expenses (collectively, Losses ), incurred by or asserted against Customer, except those Losses arising out of the gross negligence, fraud or willful misconduct of Custodian or Custodian s willful breach of this Agreement. Custodian shall have no liability whatsoever for the action or inaction of any Depository or issuer of Securities. Custodian agrees that it shall conduct ongoing monitoring of any Subcustodian appointed. Subject to Section 
 1(b) below, Custodian's responsibility with respect to any Securities or cash held by a Subcustodian is limited to the failure on the part of Custodian to exercise reasonable care in the selection, oversight or retention of such Subcustodian in light of prevailing settlement and securities handling practices, procedures and controls in the relevant market. With respect to any Losses incurred by Customer as a result of the acts or the failure to act by any Subcustodian (other than a BNYM Affiliate), Custodian shall take appropriate action to recover such Losses from such Subcustodian and Custodian's sole responsibility and liability to Customer shall be limited to amounts so received from such Subcustodian (exclusive of costs and expenses incurred by Custodian). In no event shall Custodian be liable to Customer or any third party for special, indirect, punitive or consequential damages, or lost profits or loss of business, arising in connection with this Agreement. 
 
 (b) Custodian may enter into subcontracts, agreements and understandings with any BNYM Affiliate, whenever and on such terms and conditions as it deems necessary or appropriate to perform its services hereunder. No such subcontract, agreement or understanding shall discharge Custodian from its obligations hereunder. 
 
 (c) Customer agrees to indemnify Custodian and hold Custodian harmless from and against any and all Losses sustained or incurred by Custodian by reason of or as a result of any action or inaction, or arising out of Custodian's performance hereunder, including reasonable fees, costs and expenses of counsel incurred by Custodian in a successful defense of claims by Customer provided however, that Customer shall not indemnify Custodian for those Losses arising out of Custodian's gross negligence, fraud or willful misconduct or Custodian s willful breach of this Agreement. This indemnity shall be a continuing obligation of Customer, its successors and assigns, notwithstanding the termination of this Agreement. 
 
 2. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Custodian shall be under no obligation to inquire into, and shall not be liable for, any losses incurred by Customer or any other person as a result of the receipt or acceptance of fraudulent, forged or invalid Securities, or Securities which are otherwise not freely transferable or deliverable without encumbrance in any relevant market. 
 
 3. Custodian may, with respect to questions of law specifically regarding an Account, obtain the written advice of external counsel and shall be fully protected with respect to anything done or omitted by it in good faith in conformity with such advice. 
 
 4. Custodian shall be under no obligation to take action to collect any amount payable on Securities in default, or if payment is refused after due demand and presentment. 
 
 5. Custodian shall have no duty or responsibility to inquire into, make recommendations, supervise, or determine the suitability of any transactions affecting any Account. 
 
 6. Customer shall pay to Custodian the fees and charges for its services hereunder as may be specifically agreed upon in writing from time to time and such other fees and charges at Custodian's standard rates for such services as may be applicable. Customer shall reimburse Custodian for all costs associated with the conversion of Customer's Securities hereunder and the transfer of Securities and records kept in connection with this Agreement. Customer shall also reimburse Custodian for out-of-pocket expenses which are a normal incident of the services provided hereunder. 
 
 7. Custodian has the right to debit any cash in an Account for any amount payable by Customer in connection with any and all obligations of Customer to Custodian arising under this Agreement. In addition to the rights of Custodian under applicable law and other agreements, at any time when Customer shall not have honored any and all of its obligations to Custodian, Custodian shall 

have the right without notice to Customer to retain or set-off, against such obligations of Customer, any Securities or cash Custodian may directly or indirectly hold for the account of Customer, and any obligations (whether matured or unmatured) that Custodian may have to Customer in any currency. Any such asset of Customer may be transferred to Custodian in order to effect the above rights. 
 
 8. (a) Subject to the terms below, Custodian shall be entitled to conclusively rely upon any Written Instructions or Oral Instructions actually received by Custodian and reasonably believed by Custodian to be duly authorized and delivered. Customer agrees that an Authorized Person shall forward to Custodian Written Instructions confirming Oral Instructions by the close of business of the same day that such Oral Instructions are given to Custodian. Customer agrees that the fact that such confirming Written Instructions are not received or that contrary Written Instructions are received by Custodian shall in no way affect the validity or enforceability of transactions authorized by such Oral Instructions and effected by Custodian. 
 
 (b) The Custodian shall have the right to accept and act upon Written Instructions, including funds transfer instructions and Corporate Action Instructions, given pursuant to this Custody Agreement and delivered using Electronic Means provided, however, that the Customer shall provide to the Custodian a Certificate of Authorized Persons listing Authorized Persons and containing specimen signatures of such Authorized Persons, which Certificate shall be amended by the Customer whenever a person is to be added or deleted from the listing. If the Customer elects to give the Custodian Written Instructions using Electronic Means and the Custodian in its discretion elects to act upon such Written Instructions, the Custodian s understanding of such Written Instructions shall be deemed controlling. The Customer understands and agrees that the Custodian cannot determine the identity of the actual sender of such Written Instructions and that the Custodian shall conclusively presume that directions that purport to have been sent by an Authorized Person listed on the Certificate of Authorized Persons provided to the Custodian have been sent by such Authorized Person. The Customer shall be responsible for ensuring that only Authorized Persons transmit such Written Instructions to the Custodian and that the Customer and all Authorized Persons are solely responsible to safeguard the use and confidentiality of applicable user and authorization codes, passwords and or authentication keys upon receipt by the Customer. The Custodian shall not be liable for any losses, costs or expenses arising directly or indirectly from the Custodian s reliance upon and compliance with such Written Instructions notwithstanding such directions conflict or are inconsistent with a subsequent written instruction. The Customer agrees (i) to assume all risks arising out of the use of Electronic Means to submit Written Instructions to the Custodian, including without limitation the risk of the Custodian acting on unauthorized Written Instructions, and the risk of interception and misuse by third parties (ii) that it is fully informed of the protections and risks associated with the various methods of transmitting Written Instructions to the Custodian and that there may be more secure methods of transmitting Written Instructions than the method(s) selected by the Customer (iii) that the security procedures (if any) to be followed in connection with its transmission of Written Instructions provide to it a commercially reasonable degree of protection in light of its particular needs and circumstances and (iv) to notify the Custodian immediately upon learning of any compromise or unauthorized use of the security procedures. 
 
 (c) If Customer elects to transmit Written Instructions or Corporate Action Instructions through an electronic platform offered by Custodian or a BNYM Affiliate, Customer's access to and use thereof shall be subject to any terms and conditions contained in a separate written agreement. Customer shall be responsible for requesting access to any such electronic platform and completing the documentation required for such access and nothing herein shall obligate Custodian to ensure any such access. Should Customer fail to, or elect not to, avail itself of such access, neither Custodian nor any BNYM Affiliate accepts any responsibility whatsoever for any Losses arising as a result of the lack of such access in connection with its services under this Agreement. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, whenever Custodian is required to deliver any notice or information to Customer under the terms of this Agreement, it may do so by making the relevant notice or information available to Customer via an electronic platform operated by Custodian or a BNYM Affiliate. If Customer elects (with Custodian s prior consent) to transmit Written Instructions or Corporate Action Instructions through an on-line communications service owned or operated by a third party, Customer agrees that Custodian shall not be responsible or liable for the reliability or availability of any such service. 
 
 9. Upon reasonable request and provided Custodian shall suffer no significant disruption of its normal activities, Customer shall have access to Custodian's books and records relating to the Accounts during Custodian's normal business hours. Upon reasonable request, copies of any such books and records shall be provided to Customer at Customer's expense. 
 
 10. It is understood that Custodian is authorized to supply any information regarding the Accounts which is required by any law, regulation or rule now or hereafter in effect. 
 
 11. Custodian will not be responsible or liable for any failure or delay in the performance of its obligations under this Agreement to the extent caused, directly or indirectly, by natural disasters, fire, acts of God, strikes or other labor disputes, work stoppages, acts of war or terrorism, general civil unrest, actual or threatened epidemics, disease, act of any government, governmental authority or police or military authority, declared or threatened state of emergency, legal constraint, the interruption, loss or malfunction of utilities or transportation, communications or computer systems, or any other similar events beyond its reasonable control. Custodian will use commercially reasonable efforts to minimize the effect of any such events. 

12. Custodian shall have no duties or responsibilities whatsoever except such duties and responsibilities as are specifically set forth in this Agreement, and no covenant or obligation shall be implied against Custodian in connection with this Agreement. 
 
 ARTICLE VII TERMINATION 
 
 Customer may terminate this Agreement at any time by giving Custodian at least 30 days notice in writing specifying the date of such termination. Custodian may terminate this Agreement by giving Customer a notice in writing specifying the date of such termination, which shall be not less than ninety (90) days after the date of such notice. Upon termination hereof, Customer shall pay to Custodian such compensation as may be due to Custodian, and shall likewise reimburse Custodian for other amounts payable or reimbursable to Custodian hereunder. Custodian shall follow such reasonable Oral Instructions or Written Instructions concerning the transfer of custody of records, Securities and other items as Customer shall give provided, that (a) Custodian shall have no liability for shipping and insurance costs associated therewith, and (b) full payment shall have been made to Custodian of its compensation, costs, expenses and other amounts to which it is entitled hereunder. If any Securities or cash remain in any Account, Custodian may deliver to Customer such Securities and cash. Except as otherwise provided herein, all obligations of the parties to each other hereunder shall cease upon termination of this Agreement. 
 
 ARTICLE VIII MISCELLANEOUS 
 
 1. Customer agrees to furnish to Custodian an updated Incumbency Certificate in the event of any change in the then present Authorized Persons. Until such updated Incumbency Certificate is received, Custodian shall be fully protected in acting upon Oral Instructions and Written Instructions of such present Authorized Persons. 
 
 2. Any notice or other instrument in writing, authorized or required by this Agreement to be given to Custodian, shall be sufficiently given if addressed to Custodian and received by it at its offices at 601 Travis Street, Houston, Texas 77002, or at such other place as Custodian may from time to time designate in writing provided however, any instruction given to Custodian in connection with Securities pursuant to Section 4(b) of Article III shall be given by Customer exclusively by Corporate Action Instructions. 
 
 3. Any notice or other instrument in writing, authorized or required by this Agreement to be given to Customer shall be sufficiently given if addressed to Customer and received by it at its offices at 555 California St., 50th Floor, San Francisco, CA 94104 
 Attn Legal or at such other place as Customer may from time to time designate in writing. 
 
 4. Each and every right granted to either party hereunder or under any other document delivered hereunder or in connection herewith, or allowed it by law or equity, shall be cumulative and may be exercised from time to time. No failure on the part of either party to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any right will operate as a waiver thereof, nor will any single or partial exercise by either party of any right preclude any other or future exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right. 
 
 5. In case any provision in or obligation under this Agreement shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions or obligations shall not in any way be affected thereby. This Agreement may not be amended or modified in any manner except by a written agreement executed by both parties. This Agreement shall extend to and shall be binding upon the parties hereto, and their respective successors and assigns provided however, that this Agreement shall not be assignable by either party without the written consent of the other. 
 
 6. (a) This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with the substantive laws of the State of New York, without regard to conflicts of laws principles thereof. Customer and Custodian hereby consent to the jurisdiction of a state or federal court situated in New York City, New York in connection with any dispute arising hereunder. Customer hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any such proceeding brought in such a court and any claim that such proceeding brought in such a court has been brought in an inconvenient forum. Customer and Custodian each hereby irrevocably waives any and all rights to trial by jury in any legal proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement. 
 
 (b) The parties hereto agree that the establishment and maintenance of the Account, and all interests, duties and obligations with respect thereto, shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York. 
 
 (c) (1) In the event The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, National Association becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. special resolution regime, the transfer of this Agreement (and any interest and obligation in or under, and any property securing, this Agreement) from The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, National Association will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. special resolution regime if this Agreement (and any interest and 

obligation in or under, and any property securing, this Agreement) were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the 
 United States and 
 
 (2) In the event The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, National Association or any of its affiliates becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. special resolution regime, default rights with respect to this Agreement that may be exercised against The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, National Association are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than the default rights could be exercised under the U.S. special resolution regime if this Agreement were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States and 
 
 (3) In the event each party to this Agreement has previously adhered to, or subsequently each party adheres to, the ISDA 2018 U.S. Resolution Stay Protocol as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., as of July 21, 
 2018 (the ISDA U.S. Stay Protocol ), the terms of the ISDA U.S. Stay Protocol shall be incorporated into and form a part of this Agreement and clause (1) and (2) of this Article VIII, Section 6(b) shall not apply, and this Agreement shall be deemed a Protocol Covered Agreement (as such term is defined in the ISDA U.S. Stay Protocol) for purposes thereof. For purposes of incorporating the ISDA U.S. Stay Protocol, Custodian shall be deemed to be a Regulated Entity and Customer shall be deemed to be an Adhering Party. 
 In the event of any inconsistences between this Agreement and the ISDA U.S. Stay Protocol, the ISDA U.S. Stay Protocol will prevail. 
 
 (d) For Governmental Entities To the extent that in any jurisdiction Customer may now or hereafter be entitled to claim, for itself or its assets, immunity from suit, execution, attachment (before or after judgment) or other legal process, Customer irrevocably agrees not to claim, and it hereby waives, such immunity. 
 
 7. The parties hereto agree that in performing hereunder, Custodian is acting solely on behalf of Customer and no contractual or service relationship shall be deemed to be established hereby between Custodian and any other person. 
 
 8. Customer hereby acknowledges that Custodian is subject to federal laws, including the Customer Identification Program (CIP) requirements under the USA PATRIOT Act and its implementing regulations, pursuant to which Custodian must obtain, verify and record information that allows Custodian to identify Customer. Accordingly, prior to opening an Account hereunder Custodian will ask Customer to provide certain information including, but not limited to, Customer's name, physical address, tax identification number and other information that will help Custodian to identify and verify Customer s identity such as organizational documents, certificate of good standing, license to do business, or other pertinent identifying information. Customer agrees that Custodian cannot open an Account hereunder unless and until the Custodian verifies the Customer's identity in accordance with its CIP. If Customer is a hedge fund or other type of collective investment vehicle (i) Customer has established and presently maintains an anti-money laundering program (the Program reasonably designed to prevent Customer from being used as a conduit for money laundering or other illicit purposes or the financing of terrorist activities, (ii) it is in compliance with the Program and all anti-money laundering laws, regulations and rules now or hereafter in effect that are applicable to it, (iii) it has verified the identity of each of its investors and documented the origin of the assets funding each investor s account with Customer, (iv) it can represent and warrant that, to the best of its knowledge, no investor has invested in Customer for money laundering or other illicit purposes and (v) it shall promptly notify Custodian in writing if any of the foregoing representations and warranties are no longer true. 
 
 9. (a) Throughout the term of this Agreement, the Customer (i) will have in place and will implement policies and procedures designed to prevent violations of Sanctions, including measures to accomplish effective and timely scanning of all relevant data with respect to its clients and with respect to incoming or outgoing assets or transactions relating to this Agreement (ii) shall ensure that neither the Customer nor any of its affiliates, directors, officers, employees is an individual or entity that is, or is owned or controlled by an individual or entity that is (A) the target of Sanctions or (B) located, organized or resident in a country or territory that is, or whose government is, the target of Sanctions and (iii) shall not, directly or indirectly, use the services and or Accounts in any manner that would result in a violation by the Customer or the Custodian of Sanctions. 
 
 (b) The Customer will promptly provide to the Custodian such information as the Custodian reasonably requests in connection with the matters referenced in this Clause, including information regarding the Client, the Accounts, the assets in relation to which services are to be provided and the source thereof, and the identity of any individual or entity having or claiming an interest therein. The Custodian may decline to act or provide services in respect of any Account, and take such other actions as it, in its reasonable discretion, deems necessary or advisable, in connection with the matters referenced in this Clause. If the Custodian declines to act or provide services as provided in the preceding sentence, except as otherwise prohibited by applicable law or official request, the Custodian will inform the Customer as soon as reasonably practicable. 
 
 10. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but such counterparts shall, together, constitute only one instrument. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , Customer and Custodian have caused this Agreement to be executed by their respective officers, thereunto duly authorized, as of the day and year first above written. 
 
 KKR INFRASTRUCTURE CONGLOMERATE LLC, as Customer By s Jeffrey B. Van Horn 
 Name Jeffrey B. Van Horn 
 Title Chief Financial Officer 
 Tax Identification No THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Custodian By s Anna Kuo 
 Name Anna Kuo Title Vice President 

</EX-10.4>

<EX-10.5>
 4
 k-infrax20221231xex1005xcu.htm
 EX-10.5

Document 
 Exhibit 10.5 

CUSTODY AGREEMENT 
 By and Between 
 THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON 
 And 
 EACH ENTITY LISTED ON SCHEDULE I 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

1. DEFINITIONS 
 1 
 2. APPOINTMENT OF CUSTODIAN ACCOUNTS 
 3 
 2.1 Appointment of Custodian 
 3 
 2.2 Establishment of Accounts 
 4 
 3. AUTHORIZED PERSONS AND INSTRUCTIONS ELECTRONIC ACCESS 
 5 
 3.1 Authorized Persons 
 5 
 3.2 Instructions 
 5 
 3.3 BNY Mellon Actions Without Instructions 
 6 
 3.4 Funds Transfers 
 7 
 3.5 Electronic Access 
 7 
 4. SUBCUSTODIANS, DEPOSITORIES AND AGENTS 
 7 
 4.1 Use of Subcustodians and Depositories 
 7 
 4.2 Liability for Subcustodians 
 8 
 4.3 Liability for Depositories 
 8 
 4.4 Use of Agents 
 8 
 5. CORPORATE ACTIONS 
 8 
 5.1 Notification 
 8 
 5.2 Exercise of Rights 
 9 
 5.3 Partial Redemptions, Payments, Etc. 
 9 
 6. SETTLEMENT 
 9 
 6.1 Settlement Instructions 
 9 
 6.2 Settlement Funds 
 9 
 6.3 Settlement Practices 
 9 
 7. TAX MATTERS 
 10 
 7.1 Tax Obligations 
 10 
 7.2 Payments 
 11 
 8. POSSESSED SECURITIES 
 11 
 8.1 Acceptance and Safekeeping of Possessed Securities 
 11 
 8.2 Responsibility for Possessed Securities 
 12 
 9. CREDITS AND ADVANCES 
 13 
 9.1 Contractual Settlement and Income 
 13 
 9.2 Advances 
 13 
 9.3 Repayment 
 13 
 9.4 Securing Payment 
 13 
 9.5 Setoff 
 14 
 9.6 Currency Conversion 
 14 
 10. STATEMENTS BOOKS AND RECORDS THIRD PARTY DATA 
 14 
 10.1 Statements 
 14 
 10.2 Books and Records 
 15 
 10.3 Third Party Data 
 15 

i 

TABLE OF CONTENTS (continued) 

11. DISCLOSURES 
 15 
 11.1 Required Disclosure 
 15 
 11.2 Foreign Exchange Transactions 
 16 
 11.3 Investment of Cash 
 16 
 12. REGULATORY MATTERS 
 16 
 12.1 USA PATRIOT Act 
 16 
 12.2 Sanctions Anti-Money Laundering 
 17 
 13. COMPENSATION 
 18 
 13.1 Fees and Expenses 
 18 
 13.2 Other Compensation 
 18 
 14. REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS 
 18 
 14.1 BNY Mellon 
 18 
 14.2 Customer 
 19 
 15. LIABILITY 
 19 
 15.1 Standard of Care 
 19 
 15.2 Limitation of Liability 
 20 
 15.3 Force Majeure 
 21 
 15.4 Indemnification 
 21 
 16. CONFIDENTIALITY AND DATA SECURITY 
 22 
 16.1 Confidentiality Obligations 
 22 
 16.2 Exceptions 
 22 
 16.3 Data Security 
 23 
 17. TERM AND TERMINATION 
 23 
 17.1 Term 
 23 
 17.2 Termination 
 23 
 17.3 Effect of Termination 
 23 
 17.4 Survival 
 23 
 18. GENERAL 
 24 
 18.1 Non-Custody Assets 
 24 
 18.2 Assignment U.S. Special Resolution Regime Transferability 
 24 
 18.3 Amendment 
 24 
 18.4 Governing Law Forum 
 25 
 18.5 Business Continuity Disaster Recovery 
 25 
 18.6 Sovereign Immunity 
 25 
 18.7 Non-Fiduciary Status 
 25 
 18.8 Notices 
 25 
 18.9 Entire Agreement 
 26 
 18.10 No Third Party Beneficiaries 
 26 
 18.11 Counterparts 
 26 
 18.12 Interpretation 
 26 
 18.13 No Waiver 
 26 

ii 

TABLE OF CONTENTS (continued) 

18.14 Headings 
 26 
 18.15 Severability 
 26 
 LIST OF ENTITIES 
 SCHEDULE I 
 INFORMATION SECURITY ADDENDUM 
 EXHIBIT A 

iii 

CUSTODY AGREEMENT 
 
 This Custody Agreement is made and entered into as of May 1, 2023 (the Effective Date by and between THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON , a bank organized under the laws of the state of New York BNY Mellon ), and each entity listed on Schedule I attached hereto (each a Customer and collectively the Customers ). BNY Mellon and Customer are collectively referred to as the Parties and individually as a Party . 

RECITALS 
 WHEREAS, Customer wishes to appoint BNY Mellon as the custodian of certain of its assets, and BNY Mellon is willing to provide such services on the terms and conditions set forth herein. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements set forth herein, and intending to be legally bound, the Parties agree as follows. 
 
 1. DEFINITIONS 
 Whenever used in this Agreement, the following words have the meanings set forth below 
 Account or Accounts has the meaning set forth in Section 2.2. 
 Act has the meaning set forth in Section 11.1(a). 
 Affiliate means, with respect to any entity, any other entity that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by or under common control with such entity. 
 Affiliate Securities has the meaning set forth in Section 9.4. 
 Agreement means, collectively, this Custody Agreement, any Exhibits hereto and any other documents incorporated herein by reference. 
 Anti-Money Laundering Laws means all anti-money laundering and counter-terrorist financing laws, rules, regulations, executive orders and requirements administered by any governmental authority of the United States (including the U.S. Bank Secrecy Act, the U.S.A. PATRIOT Act, and regulations of the U.S. Treasury Department which implement such acts) or any other applicable domestic or foreign authority over Customer. 
 Assets has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1(a). 
 Authorized Person has the meaning set forth in Section 3.1. 
 BNY Mellon has the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph. 
 Cash means the money and currency of any jurisdiction which BNY Mellon accepts for deposit in an Account. 
 Confidential Information means, with respect to a Party, the terms of this Agreement and all non-public business and financial information of such Party (including, with respect to Customer, information regarding the Accounts, the Assets, the Possessed Securities, Customer s shareholders and its practices and procedures related to the services provided hereunder and including, with respect to BNY Mellon, information regarding its practices and procedures related to the services provided hereunder) disclosed to the other Party in connection with this Agreement. 
 Customer has the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph. 

Data Terms Website means http www.bnymellon.com products assetservicing vendoragreement.pdf or any successor website the address of which is provided by BNY Mellon to Customer. 
 Depository means the Depository Trust Company, Euroclear, Clearstream Banking S.A., the Canadian Depository System, CLS Bank and any other securities depository, book-entry system or clearing agency authorized to act as a system for the central handling of securities pursuant to the laws of the applicable jurisdiction, and any successors to, and or nominees of, any of the foregoing. 
 Effective Date has the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph. 
 Electronic Access Services means such services made available by BNY Mellon or a BNY Mellon Affiliate to Customer to electronically access information relating to the Accounts and or transmit Instructions. 
 Electronic Signature means an image, representation or symbol inserted into an electronic copy of the Agreement by electronic, digital or other technological methods. 
 Instructions means, with respect to this Agreement, instructions issued to BNY Mellon by way of (a) one of the following methods (each as and to the extent specified by BNY Mellon as available for use in connection with the services hereunder) (i) the Electronic Access Services (ii) third-party electronic communication services containing, where applicable, appropriate authorization codes, passwords or authentication keys, or otherwise appearing on their face to have been transmitted by an Authorized Person or (iii) third-party institutional trade matching utilities used to effect transactions in accordance with such utility s customary procedures or (b) such other method as may be agreed upon by the Parties and that are reasonably believed by BNY Mellon to have been transmitted by an Authorized Person. 
 Market Data means pricing, valuations or other commercially sourced data applicable to any Security. Market Data also includes security identifiers, bond ratings and classification data. 
 Market Data Providers means vendors and analytics providers and any other Person providing Market Data to BNY Mellon. 
 Non-Custody Assets has the meaning set forth in Section 18.1. 
 Oral Instructions means, with respect to this Agreement, spoken instructions issued to BNY Mellon and reasonably believed by BNY Mellon to be from an Authorized Person. 
 Party or Parties has the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph. 
 Person or Persons means any entity or individual. 
 Possessed Securities those securities or other assets which (x) are evidenced by physical certificates, (y) are certificated securities as defined in the UCC (as defined below) registered in the name of Customer or a third-party agent of Customer but in all cases such assets are not registered in the name of Custodian or its nominee and (z) are possessed by Custodian directly or indirectly through a Depository or Subcustodian and reflected in the Account. 
 Sanctions means all economic sanctions laws, rules, regulations, executive orders and requirements administered by any governmental authority of the United States (including the Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC) of the U.S. Department of the Treasury) or any other applicable domestic or foreign authority with jurisdiction over Customer. 
 Securities means all (a) debt and equity securities and (b) instruments representing rights or interests therein, including rights to receive, subscribe to or purchase the foregoing or evidencing or representing any other rights or interests therein in each case as may be agreed upon from time to time by BNY Mellon and Customer and which are from time to time delivered to or received by BNY Mellon and or any Subcustodian for deposit in an Account. 
 
 2 

For the avoidance of doubt, Possessed Securities shall not be considered Securities for purposes of this Agreement. 
 Standard of Care has the meaning set forth in Section 15.1. 
 Subcustodian means a bank or other financial institution (other than a Depository) that is selected and used by BNY Mellon or a BNY Mellon Affiliate (acting as subcustodian) in connection with the settlement of transactions and or custody of Assets or Possessed Securities hereunder, and any successors to, and or nominees of, any of the foregoing. 
 Tax Information means all accurate, relevant and necessary information with respect to the Accounts or with respect to Customer s identification or classification for purposes of Tax Obligations, in each case as may be required by applicable tax laws or by a tax authority inquiry, or as may be requested by BNY Mellon in connection with the matters in Section 7. 
 Tax Obligations means taxes, withholding, certification and reporting requirements, claims for exemptions or refund, interest, penalties, additions to tax and other related expenses. 
 Third Party Data has the meaning set forth in Section 10.3(a). 
 UCC shall mean the Uniform Commercial Code, as amended or restated from time to time and as in effect in the State of New York. 
 2. APPOINTMENT OF CUSTODIAN ACCOUNTS 
 2.1 Appointment of Custodian 
 (a) Customer hereby appoints BNY Mellon as custodian of all Securities and Cash to be held under, and in accordance with the terms of, this Agreement (collectively, Assets and Possessed Securities. BNY Mellon hereby accepts such appointment and agrees to keep safely all Assets delivered to and actually received by BNY Mellon in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement and applicable statutes, laws, rules and regulations applicable to BNY Mellon. The Parties acknowledge and agree that BNY Mellon s duties pursuant to such appointment will be limited solely to those duties expressly undertaken pursuant to this Agreement. 
 (b) Notwithstanding the foregoing, BNY Mellon has no obligation 
 (i) With respect to any Assets and Possessed Securities until they are actually received by BNY Mellon and credited to or held in an Account 
 (ii) To monitor the Possessed Securities in the Accounts to determine whether or not a Customer complies with the limitations on ownership or any restrictions on investors provided for by local law, regulations or market practice, or provisions in the issuer s articles of incorporation or by-laws 
 (iii) To inquire into, make recommendations, supervise or determine the suitability of any transactions affecting any Account or to question any Instructions 
 (iv) To determine the adequacy of title to, or the validity or genuineness of, any Assets or Possessed Securities received by it or delivered by it pursuant to this Agreement or 
 (v) With respect to any matters related to the establishment, maintenance operation or termination of Customer the offer, sale or distribution of the shares of, or interests in Customer Customer s or its investment advisor s compliance with applicable laws. 
 
 3 

(c) Operational terms, procedures and processes supporting the services described herein are set out in a separate service level description, a current version of which will be available upon request at any time. 
 (d) Cash held hereunder may be subject to additional deposit terms and conditions issued by BNY Mellon or the applicable Subcustodian from time to time, including rates of interest and deposit account access. 
 (e) If Customer engages in securities lending activities, such activities will be subject to certain additional and or modified terms to be set forth in a separate written agreement between Customer and BNY Mellon or a BNY Mellon Affiliate. 
 2.2 Establishment of Accounts 
 BNY Mellon will establish and maintain one or more accounts for each Customer in which BNY Mellon will hold Assets and Possessed Securities relating to such Customer as provided herein (each, an Account , and collectively, the Accounts ). The Account of each Customer established under this Agreement shall be maintained separately from the Account and any other securities and investments of each other Customer. Furthermore, BNY Mellon shall hold and segregate on its books and records all Assets and Possessed Securities separate from other securities and investments in the possession of BNY Mellon, and all such Assets and Possessed Securities shall be marked on BNY Mellon s books and records so as to clearly identify them as property of the applicable Customer. Except as otherwise contemplated in this Agreement, the Assets and Possessed Securities shall be and remain the sole property of the applicable Customer and BNY Mellon only shall have custody thereof. Except as otherwise contemplated in this Agreement, BNY Mellon shall have no power or authority to assign, hypothecate, pledge or otherwise dispose of any such Securities or assets except pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or as provided by applicable law or regulation. The Custodian shall take reasonable steps, to the extent reasonably possible, that Accounts to which US dollar denominated cash are held in or credited to are covered by federal deposit insurance. 
 3. AUTHORIZED PERSONS AND INSTRUCTIONS ELECTRONIC ACCESS 
 3.1 Authorized Persons 
 Promptly following the Effective Date, Customer and or its designee (including any of Customer s managers) will furnish BNY Mellon with one or more written lists or other documentation acceptable to BNY Mellon specifying the names and titles of, or otherwise identifying, all Persons authorized to act on behalf of a Customer with respect to this Agreement (each, an Authorized Person ). Customer will be responsible for keeping such lists and or other documentation current, and will update such lists and or other documentation, as necessary from time to time, pursuant to Instructions. 
 3.2 Instructions 
 (a) Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, BNY Mellon will have no obligation to take any action hereunder unless and until it receives Instructions issued in accordance with this Agreement. 
 (b) Customer will be responsible for ensuring that (i) only Authorized Persons issue Instructions to BNY Mellon and (ii) all Authorized Persons safeguard and treat with extreme care any user and authorization codes, passwords and authentication keys used in connection with the issuance of Instructions. 
 (c) Where Customer may or is required to issue Instructions, such Instructions will be issued by an Authorized Person. 
 (d) BNY Mellon will be entitled to deal with any Authorized Person until notified otherwise pursuant to Instructions, and will be entitled to act and rely upon any Instruction received by BNY Mellon. 
 
 4 

(e) All Instructions must include all information necessary, and must be delivered using such methods and in such format as BNY Mellon may reasonably require and be received within BNY Mellon s established cut-off times and otherwise in sufficient time, to enable BNY Mellon to act upon such Instructions provided that, after the execution of this Agreement or as soon as practicable thereafter, BNY Mellon shall make available to Customer such required information, methods, cut-off times and other applicable timing requirements. 
 (f) BNY Mellon may in its sole discretion decline to act upon any Instructions that do not comply with requirements set forth in Section 3.2(e) or that conflict with applicable law or regulations or BNY Mellon s operating policies and practices, in which event BNY Mellon will promptly notify Customer unless prevented from doing so by applicable law. 
 (g) Customer acknowledges that while it is not part of BNY Mellon s normal practices and procedures to accept Oral Instructions, BNY Mellon may in certain limited circumstances accept Oral Instructions. In such event, such Oral Instructions will be deemed to be Instructions for purposes of this Agreement. An Authorized Person issuing such an Oral Instruction will promptly confirm such Oral Instruction to BNY Mellon in writing. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Customer agrees that the fact that such written confirmation is not received by BNY Mellon, or that such written confirmation contradicts the Oral Instruction, will in no way affect (i) BNY Mellon s reliance on such Oral Instruction or (ii) the validity or enforceability of transactions authorized by such Oral Instruction and effected by BNY Mellon. 
 (h) Customer acknowledges and agrees that it is fully informed of the protections and risks associated with the various methods of transmitting Instructions to BNY Mellon and that there may be more secure methods of transmitting Instructions than the method selected by the sender. Customer agrees that the security procedures, if any, to be followed by Customer and BNY Mellon with respect to the transmission and authentication of Instructions provide to Customer a commercially reasonable degree of protection in light of its particular needs and circumstances. 
 3.3 BNY Mellon Actions Without Instructions 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Agreement, Customer hereby authorizes BNY Mellon, without Instructions, to take any administrative or ministerial actions with respect to an Account that it deems reasonably necessary or appropriate to perform its obligations under this Agreement, including the following 
 (a) Receive income and other payments due to the Accounts provided, however, that BNY Mellon will have no duty to pursue collection of any amount due to an Account, including for Securities in default, if such amount is not paid when due 
 (b) Carry out any exchanges of Securities or other corporate actions not requiring discretionary decisions or in accordance with standing instructions from an Authorized Person 
 (c) Facilitate access by Customer or its designee to ballots or online systems to assist it in the voting of proxies received by BNY Mellon in its capacity as custodian for eligible positions of Securities held in the Accounts (excluding bankruptcy matters), all of which will be exercised by Customer or its designee and not by BNY Mellon 
 (d) Forward to Customer or its designee information (or summaries of information) that BNY Mellon receives in its capacity as custodian from Depositories or Subcustodians concerning Securities in the Accounts (excluding bankruptcy matters) 
 (e) Forward to Customer or its designee an initial notice of bankruptcy cases relating to Securities held in the Accounts and a notice of any required action related to such bankruptcy cases as may be received by BNY Mellon in its capacity as custodian. BNY 
 
 5 

Mellon will take no further action nor provide further notification related to the bankruptcy case 
 (f) Unless otherwise elected by Customer, and in accordance with BNY Mellon s standard terms and conditions, provide class action filing services for settled claims related to Securities with industry recognized identifiers 
 (g) Endorse for collection checks, drafts or other negotiable instruments received for the Accounts 
 (h) Execute and deliver, solely in its capacity as custodian, certificates, documents or instruments incidental to BNY Mellon s performance under this Agreement and 
 (i) Upon presentment of a check pursuant to a check redemption process agreed between Customer and BNY Mellon, unless otherwise instructed pursuant to Instructions, charge the amount of the check against the cash held in the Account of the relevant Customer. If BNY Mellon receives timely Instructions that a check is not to be honored, BNY Mellon will return the check unpaid. 
 3.4 Funds Transfers 
 With respect to each Instruction for a Cash transfer, when the Instruction is to credit or pay a party by both a name and a unique numeric or alpha-numeric identifier (e.g., IBAN or ABA or account number), BNY Mellon and any other bank participating in the Cash transfer will be entitled to rely solely on such numeric or alpha-numeric identifier, even if it identifies a party different from the party named. Such reliance on an identifier will apply to beneficiaries named in the Instruction, as well as any financial institution that is designated in the Instruction to act as an intermediary in such Cash transfer. To the extent permitted by applicable law, the parties will be bound by the rules of any transfer system used to effect a Cash transfer under this Agreement. 
 3.5 Electronic Access 
 If Customer elects to use the Electronic Access Services in connection with this Agreement, the use thereof will be subject to any terms and conditions contained in a separate written agreement between the Parties or their Affiliates. If an Authorized Person elects, with BNY Mellon s prior consent, to transmit Instructions through a third-party electronic communications service, BNY Mellon will not be responsible or liable for the reliability or availability of any such service. 
 4. SUBCUSTODIANS, DEPOSITORIES AND AGENTS 
 4.1 Use of Subcustodians and Depositories 
 (a) BNY Mellon will be entitled to utilize Subcustodians and Depositories in connection with its performance hereunder. 
 (b) BNY Mellon will only utilize Subcustodians that have entered into an agreement with BNY Mellon or a BNY Mellon Affiliate, and Assets held through a Subcustodian will be held subject to the terms and conditions of such Subcustodian s respective agreement. 
 (c) Assets deposited in a Depository will be held subject to the rules, procedures, terms and conditions of such Depository. Subcustodians may hold Assets in Depositories in which such Subcustodians participate. 
 (d) Unless otherwise required by local law or practice or a particular Subcustodian agreement, Assets deposited with Subcustodians or Depositories may be held in a commingled account in the name of, as applicable, BNY Mellon, a BNY Mellon Affiliate or the applicable Subcustodian, for its clients. 
 
 6 

(e) Unless BNY Mellon has received Instructions to the contrary, BNY Mellon shall hold Assets indirectly through a Subcustodian only if (i) the Assets are not subject to any right, charge, security interest, lien or claim of any kind in favor of the Subcustodian or its creditors (except a claim of payment for their safe custody or administration) or, in the case of cash deposits, liens or rights in favor of creditors of the Subcustodian arising under bankruptcy, insolvency, or similar laws and (ii) beneficial ownership of the Assets is freely transferable without the payment of money or value other than for safe custody or administration. 
 4.2 Liability for Subcustodians 
 (a) BNY Mellon will exercise the Standard of Care in selecting, retaining and monitoring Subcustodians. 
 (b) With respect to Assets held by a Subcustodian, BNY Mellon will be liable to Customer for the activities of such Subcustodian under this Agreement to the extent that BNY Mellon would have been liable to Customer under this Agreement if BNY Mellon had performed such activities itself in the relevant market in which such Subcustodian is located provided, however, that with respect to Securities held by a Subcustodian that is not a BNY Mellon Affiliate 
 (i) BNY Mellon s liability will be limited solely to the extent resulting directly from BNY Mellon s failure to exercise the Standard of Care in selecting, retaining, and monitoring such Subcustodian and 
 (ii) To the extent that BNY Mellon is not liable pursuant to Section 4.2(b)(i), BNY Mellon s sole responsibility to Customer will be to (A) take reasonable and appropriate action to recover from such Subcustodian, and (B) forward to Customer any amounts so recovered (exclusive of costs and expenses incurred by BNY Mellon in connection therewith). 
 4.3 Liability for Depositories 
 BNY Mellon will have no responsibility or liability for the activities of any Depository arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any cost or burden imposed on the transfer or holding of Assets held with such Depository provided that, for clarity, BNY Mellon remains responsible for its own acts and omissions pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. 
 4.4 Use of Agents 
 BNY Mellon may appoint agents, including BNY Mellon Affiliates, on such terms and conditions as it deems appropriate to perform its obligations hereunder, and BNY Mellon shall be liable to Customer for the acts or omissions of a BNY Mellon Affiliate under this Agreement to the same extent that BNY Mellon would have been liable under this Agreement if BNY Mellon had performed such act or omission itself. Except as otherwise specifically provided herein, no such appointment will discharge BNY Mellon from its obligations hereunder. 
 5. CORPORATE ACTIONS 
 5.1 Notification 
 BNY Mellon will notify Customer or its designee of rights or discretionary corporate actions as promptly as practicable under the circumstances, provided that BNY Mellon has actually received, in its capacity as custodian, notice of such right or discretionary corporate action from the relevant issuer, or from a Subcustodian, Depository or third party vendor. Without actual receipt of such notice by BNY Mellon, BNY Mellon will have no responsibility or liability for failing to so notify Customer. 
 
 7 

5.2 Exercise of Rights 
 Whenever there are voluntary rights that may be exercised or alternate courses of action that may be taken with respect to Securities in an Account, Customer or its designee will be responsible for making any decisions relating thereto and for instructing BNY Mellon to act. In order for BNY Mellon to act, Customer must issue Instructions using, or directly referencing, the BNY Mellon-issued corporate actions instruction form, and include all the required information fields therein. Such Instructions must be addressed as BNY Mellon may request, by the deadline specified by BNY Mellon in its sole discretion from time to time, together with any amount which is required to be paid in carrying out any such action. In the event BNY Mellon does not receive such Instructions together with any required amount prior to its specified deadlines, BNY Mellon will not be liable for failure to take any action relating to, or to exercise any rights conferred by, such Securities. 
 5.3 Partial Redemptions, Payments, Etc. 
 BNY Mellon will advise Customer or its designee upon its notification, in its capacity as custodian, of a partial redemption, partial payment or other action with respect to a Security affecting fewer than all such Securities held within an Account. If BNY Mellon or any Subcustodian or Depository holds any Securities affected by one of the events described, BNY Mellon or such Subcustodian or Depository may select the Securities to participate in such partial redemption, partial payment or other action in any non-discriminatory manner that it customarily uses to make such selection. 
 6. SETTLEMENT 
 6.1 Settlement Instructions 
 Promptly after the execution of each Securities transaction, Customer will issue to BNY Mellon Instructions to settle such transaction. Unless otherwise agreed by BNY Mellon and subject to Sections 9.1 and 8.1, Assets and Possessed Securities will be credited to the relevant Account only when actually received by BNY Mellon. 
 6.2 Settlement Funds 
 For the purpose of settling a Securities transaction, Customer will provide BNY Mellon with sufficient immediately available funds or Securities, as applicable, in the relevant Account by such time and date as is required to enable BNY Mellon to settle such transaction in the country of settlement and in the currency to be used to settle such transaction. 
 6.3 Settlement Practices 
 Securities transactions will be settled using practices customary in the jurisdiction or market where the transaction occurs. Customer understands that when BNY Mellon is instructed to deliver Securities or Possessed Securities against payment, delivery of such Securities or Possessed Securities and receipt of payment related to such Securities or Possessed Securities may not be completed simultaneously and can also be made without payment. Customer assumes full responsibility for all risks involved in connection with BNY Mellon s delivery of Securities, Possessed Securities or Cash in accordance with such practices. 
 7. TAX MATTERS 
 7.1 Tax Obligations 
 (a) To the extent that BNY Mellon has received the Tax Information within the time stipulated, BNY Mellon will perform the following services with respect to Tax Obligations 
 (i) Unless prohibited by law or regulation, at the reasonable request of Customer, BNY Mellon will provide to Customer such information received by BNY Mellon 
 
 8 

in its capacity as custodian that could, in Customer s reasonable belief, assist Customer or its designee in the submission of any reports or returns with respect to Tax Obligations. An Authorized Person will inform BNY Mellon in writing as to which party or parties will receive information from BNY Mellon 
 (ii) BNY Mellon will, upon receipt of sufficient Tax Information from Customer (as reasonably determined by BNY Mellon), file claims for exemptions or refunds with respect to withheld taxes in those markets where it provides such services and subject to BNY Mellon s service level description (in each case as made available to Customer from time to time). Where Customer (for whatever reason) fails or neglects to provide BNY Mellon with or to review and confirm the Tax Information within the time stipulated by BNY Mellon, then such failure or neglect may result in the disapplication of withholding tax relief or the obligation on Customer to immediately return amounts already refunded by a tax authority. Customer may, however, elect to appoint its own tax agent to file claims for exemptions or refunds in any or all markets, with advance notice to BNY Mellon of such appointment and subject to such terms as separately agreed in writing between Customer and BNY Mellon and 
 (iii) BNY Mellon or the applicable Subcustodian will withhold appropriate amounts, as required by applicable tax laws, with respect to amounts received and is authorized to debit the relevant Account in the amount of a Tax Obligation and to pay such amount to the appropriate taxing authority. 
 Customer s receipt of the foregoing services is dependent upon its subscription to BNY Mellon s information reporting system, and Customer will be responsible for enrolling its designated Authorized Persons in such system. Customer acknowledges that BNY Mellon may, at any time, amend the scope of its tax service offering and notice of such changes will be made available to BNY Mellon s customers through its information reporting system. Such changes may require additional documentation, attestations or declarations to be entered into by Customer in order to continue receiving the relevant tax service in a particular market. 
 (b) Customer acknowledges that BNY Mellon is a service provider and not an economic beneficiary of any transaction. 
 (c) Customer will be responsible for understanding its Tax Obligations, and will be solely responsible and liable for all Tax Obligations with respect to any Assets or Possessed Securities held on behalf of Customer and any transaction related thereto. 
 (d) Customer will provide BNY Mellon with Tax Information to enable BNY Mellon to comply with BNY Mellon s obligations under any applicable tax laws or with any tax authority enquiry. 
 (e) Customer acknowledges and agrees that none of BNY Mellon nor any BNY Mellon Affiliate is a tax adviser and none of BNY Mellon nor any BNY Mellon Affiliate will, under any circumstances, provide tax advice to Customer. Customer will obtain its own independent tax advice for any tax-related matters or Tax Obligations. 
 7.2 Payments 
 Where BNY Mellon receives Instructions to make distributions or transfers out of an Account in order to pay Customer s third party service providers, Customer acknowledges that in making such payments BNY Mellon is acting in an administrative or ministerial capacity, and not as the payor, for tax information reporting and withholding purposes. 
 
 9 

8. POSSESSED SECURITIES 
 8.1 Acceptance and Safekeeping of Possessed Securities 
 (a) With respect to all Possessed Securities, a Customer will arrange for the physical and not, for the avoidance of doubt, electronic, delivery of Possessed Securities to BNY Mellon, Subcustodian or Depository, as applicable accompanied by an Instruction which clearly identifies the key identifiers associated with such Possessed Security provided that BNY Mellon, Subcustodian or Depository may, in its reasonable discretion, reject any Possessed Security which BNY Mellon, such Subcustodian or Depository has determined to be ineligible for deposit or which otherwise cannot be held in custody by BNY Mellon, Subcustodian or Depository. BNY Mellon shall endeavor to provide reasonable notice to Customer of a rejection of any Possessed Security provided that BNY Mellon makes no representation as to its ability to provide such notice and provided BNY Mellon has acted with the Standard of Care, shall not incur any liability arising out of its failure to provide such notice. Under no circumstances will BNY Mellon be required to issue a trust receipt (or similar instrument) with respect to any Possessed Security. BNY Mellon agrees to hold Possessed Securities as bailee for Customer. BNY Mellon shall maintain continuous possession of the certificated securities evidencing Possessed Securities provided, however, that BNY Mellon expressly disclaims any ability to control (within the meaning of the UCC) the Possessed Securities or otherwise exercise any rights in respect thereof or at the direction of Customer. 
 (b) BNY Mellon shall not be under an obligation to review, verify, validate or otherwise inspect any Possessed Securities. BNY Mellon will include such Possessed Securities in its regular security count audits and deliver such Possessed Securities to such person or entity as a Customer may instruct via Instructions. BNY Mellon shall be entitled to fully rely, without independent verification, on Customer s representations regarding the Possessed Securities. 
 (c) For the avoidance of doubt, BNY Mellon shall have no duty or obligation whatsoever to determine the value or price of any Possessed Security. BNY Mellon makes no representations or warranties, nor does it give any other assurances, regarding any Possessed Security or the contents thereof. Any Account statements will only reflect an inventory of the Possessed Security, Possessed Securities that BNY Mellon holds in custody hereunder without any representation as to the value thereof. BNY Mellon shall be under no obligation hereunder for providing any Account statements directly to any clients or investors of Customer, if applicable, or any third parties. With respect to the subject matter hereof, BNY Mellon will only provide those services set forth herein and BNY Mellon shall be under no obligation to accept delivery of any Possessed Security unless it is delivered in accordance with the foregoing requirements. 
 8.2 Responsibility for Possessed Securities 
 (a) No director, officer, employee or agent of Customer shall have physical access to any Possessed Securities or be authorized or permitted to withdraw any Possessed Security nor shall BNY Mellon any Subcustodian or Depository, as applicable, deliver any Possessed Security to any such person, unless such access or withdrawal has been duly authorized pursuant to this Agreement. 
 (b) Customer shall be solely responsible for the servicing of all Possessed Securities. Customer shall cause all payments by or on behalf of issuers to be remitted to BNY Mellon for credit to the Account. 
 (c) Customer shall be solely responsible for maintaining all records of account activity relating to each Possessed Securities, including without limitation, any modification, termination or other changes in the Possessed Security. 
 
 10 

(d) Customer shall be solely responsible for the settlement of each purchase or sale of Possessed Securities. Subject to Section 8.2(e) below, Customer shall deliver to BNY Mellon Instructions specifying all Possessed Securities to be received or released in connection with such purchase or sale and any other relevant information concerning the custody of the Possessed Securities. Customer assumes full responsibility for all credit risks associated with any such sale or purchase or any loss, damage or destruction of any Possessed Securities in transit. 
 (e) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, unless otherwise agreed in writing to the parties, Customer shall, with respect to Possessed Securities 
 (i) Cause the issuer of the applicable Possessed Security to deposit with BNY Mellon (by means of a check or draft payable to BNY Mellon or its nominee or by wire transfer) all income and other payments or distributions on or with respect to such Possessed Security 
 (ii) Direct BNY Mellon in a detailed Instruction to present for payment on the date and at the address specified therein the Possessed Security specified therein whether at maturity or for repurchase or redemption, and to hold hereunder such amounts paid on or with respect to such particular Possessed Securities as BNY Mellon may receive 
 (iii) Obtain and execute any certificates of ownership, affidavits, declarations or other certificates under any tax laws now or hereafter in effect in connection with the collection of bond and note coupons 
 (iv) Cause the issuer to deposit with BNY Mellon any Subcustodian or Depository, as applicable, such additional Possessed Securities and any rights as may be issued with respect to any such Possessed Security 
 (v) Be solely responsible for the exercise of rights or discretionary actions with respect to Possessed Securities covered by this Agreement and 
 (vi) Exercise all voting rights with respect to Possessed Securities. 
 9. CREDITS AND ADVANCES 
 9.1 Contractual Settlement and Income 
 BNY Mellon may, in its sole discretion, as a matter of bookkeeping convenience, credit the relevant Account with the proceeds resulting from the purchase, sale, redemption or other delivery or receipt of Securities, Possessed Securities or interest, dividends or other distributions payable on Securities or Possessed Securities prior to its actual receipt thereof. All such credits will be conditional until BNY Mellon s actual receipt of such proceeds and may be reversed by BNY Mellon to the extent that such proceeds are not received. Actual receipt of proceeds with respect to a transaction will not be deemed to have occurred, and the transaction will not be considered final, until BNY Mellon has received sufficient immediately available funds or Securities specifically applicable to such transaction that, under applicable local law, rule or practice, are irreversible and not subject to any security interest, levy or other encumbrance. 
 9.2 Advances 
 If BNY Mellon receives an Instruction that, if processed, would result in an overdraft in an Account, BNY Mellon may, in its sole discretion, advance funds in any currency hereunder. 
 9.3 Repayment 
 If (a) BNY Mellon has advanced funds to an Account (b) an overdraft has occurred in an Account (including overdrafts incurred in connection with the settlement of securities 
 
 11 

transactions, funds transfers or foreign exchange transactions) or (c) Customer is for any other reason indebted to BNY Mellon, Customer agrees to repay BNY Mellon (on demand or upon becoming aware thereof) the amount of such advance, overdraft or indebtedness, plus accrued interest at a rate then charged by BNY Mellon to its institutional custody clients in the relevant currency. 
 9.4 Securing Payment 
 In order to secure repayment of a Customer s obligations and liabilities relating to such Customer (whether or not matured) to BNY Mellon or any BNY Mellon Affiliate relating to or arising under this Agreement, and without limiting BNY Mellon s or such BNY Mellon Affiliate s rights under applicable law or any other agreement, Customer hereby pledges and grants to BNY Mellon and agrees that BNY Mellon shall have, to the maximum extent permitted by law, a continuing security interest (i) to the extent of any overdraft or indebtedness, (ii) to the extent of any unpaid fees and expenses owing hereunder, after giving effect to applicable notice and cure periods, if any (or, in the absence of any notice and cure period stated herein, after giving written notice of any past due fees and expenses and providing a cure period of 30 days) and (iii) any other amounts Customer may owe to BNY Mellon that relate to or arise under this Agreement, in (a) all of such Customer s right, title and interest in and the Account and the Assets and Possessed Securities now or hereafter held in such Account (including proceeds thereof) and (b) any other property at any time held by BNY Mellon or any BNY Mellon Affiliate relating to such Customer provided that Customer does not hereby grant a security interest in any Securities issued by an affiliate (as defined in Section 23A of the U.S. Federal Reserve Act and related implementing regulations (Regulation W, 12 C.F.R. part 223) (such securities, Affiliate Securities with the exception of Affiliate Securities that (i) constitute eligible affiliated mutual fund securities as defined in Section 223.24(c) of Regulation W (12 C.F.R. 223.24(c)) and (ii) meet the requirements in Section 223.24(c) of Regulation W (12 C.F.R. 223.24(c)). Customer represents, warrants and covenants that it owns the Assets in the Accounts, and such other property at any time held by BNY Mellon or any BNY Mellon Affiliate relating to Customer, free and clear of all liens, claims and security interests (except as otherwise acknowledged in writing by BNY Mellon), and that the security interest granted herein with respect to each Customer will be subject to no setoffs, counterclaims or other liens prior to or on a parity with it in favor of any third party (other than specific liens granted preferred status by statute). Customer will take any additional steps required to assure BNY Mellon of such priority security interest, including notifying third parties or obtaining their consent. BNY Mellon will be entitled to collect from the relevant Account sufficient Cash for reimbursement, and if such Cash is insufficient, to sell Securities in such Account to the extent necessary to obtain reimbursement. In this regard, BNY Mellon will be entitled to all the rights and remedies of a pledgee, secured creditor and or securities intermediary under applicable laws, rules and regulations as then in effect as if such Customer is in default. 
 9.5 Setoff 
 BNY Mellon has the right to debit any Cash for any amount payable by Customer in connection with any and all obligations and liabilities (whether or not matured) of a Customer to BNY Mellon or any BNY Mellon Affiliate and relating to or arising under this Agreement. In addition to the rights of BNY Mellon or such BNY Mellon Affiliate under applicable law or any other agreement, at any time when a Customer has not honored any of its obligations to BNY Mellon or such BNY Mellon Affiliate, BNY Mellon will have the right without notice to such Customer to retain or set-off against any obligations relating to such Customer any cash BNY Mellon or any BNY Mellon Affiliate may directly or indirectly hold with respect to such Customer, and any obligations (whether or not matured) that BNY Mellon or any BNY Mellon Affiliate may have with respect to such Customer in any currency. Any such cash or obligation relating to a Customer may be transferred to BNY Mellon and any BNY Mellon Affiliate in order to effect the above rights. 
 9.6 Currency Conversion 
 BNY Mellon is hereby authorized to effect any necessary currency conversions in order to exercise its rights under this Section 8 at BNY Mellon's own rate of exchange then prevailing. 
 
 12 

10. STATEMENTS BOOKS AND RECORDS THIRD PARTY DATA 
 10.1 Statements 
 BNY Mellon will make available to Customer, through the Electronic Access Services, a monthly statement (or report for such other time period as the Parties may agree upon from time to time) reflecting all transfers to or from the Accounts during such month and all holdings in the Accounts as of the last business day of such month (or as of such other date(s) as the Parties may agree upon from time to time). Customer will promptly review each such statement and, within ninety (90) days of when such statement is made available by BNY Mellon, notify BNY Mellon of any exception or objection thereto. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Customer may notify BNY Mellon of any such exceptions or objections at any time provided, however, that BNY Mellon will not be responsible or liable for any losses that could have been mitigated had such notice been provided during such ninety (90) day period. 
 10.2 Books and Records 
 BNY Mellon will identify on its books and records the Assets and Possessed Securities belonging to the applicable Customer, whether held directly or indirectly through Subcustodians or Depositories. Securities held in the Accounts will be held in registered form in the name of BNY Mellon or one of its nominees and will be segregated on BNY Mellon s books and records from BNY Mellon s own property. Customer and its authorized representatives will have the right, with reasonable prior written notice to BNY Mellon, to have reasonable access to those books and records directly pertaining to the Accounts. Any such access will occur during BNY Mellon s normal business hours and will be subject to BNY Mellon s applicable security policies and procedures. Upon Customer s reasonable request, copies of those books and records directly pertaining to the Accounts will be provided by BNY Mellon to Customer or its authorized representative (including, without limitation, Customer s independent registered public accounting firm). 
 10.3 Third Party Data 
 (a) Customer acknowledges that BNY Mellon will be receiving, utilizing and relying on Market Data and other data provided by Customer and or by third parties in connection with its performance of the services hereunder (collectively, Third Party Data ). BNY Mellon is entitled to rely on all Third Party Data provided to BNY Mellon hereunder (and all Instructions related to Third Party Data), and BNY Mellon makes no assurances or warranties in relation to the accuracy or completeness of Third Party Data and will not be responsible or liable for any losses or damages incurred as a result of any Third Party Data that is inaccurate or incomplete, except to the extent such Third Party Data is inaccurate or incomplete due to the fraud a third party acting as agent of BNY Mellon with respect to an obligation under this Agreement. BNY Mellon may follow Instructions with respect to Third Party Data, even if such Instructions direct BNY Mellon to override its usual procedures and data sources or if BNY Mellon, in performing services for itself or others (including services similar to those performed for Customer), receives different Third Party Data for the same or similar Securities or Possessed Securities. 
 (b) Although statements and reports provided by BNY Mellon hereunder with respect to the Accounts may contain values of, and pricing information in relation to, Securities or Possessed Securities held pursuant to this Agreement, BNY Mellon does not undertake any duty or responsibility under this Agreement to report such values or pricing information. 
 (c) Certain Market Data may be the intellectual property of Market Data Providers, which impose additional terms and conditions upon Customer s use of such Market Data. Such additional terms and conditions can be found on the Data Terms Website. Customer agrees to those terms and conditions as they are posted on the Data Terms Website from time to time. 
 
 13 

11. DISCLOSURES 
 11.1 Required Disclosure 
 (a) With respect to Securities that are registered under the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or that are issued by an issuer registered under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, the U.S. Shareholder Communications Act of 1985 (the Act requires BNY Mellon to disclose to issuers of such Securities, upon their request, the name, address and securities position of BNY Mellon s clients who are beneficial owners (as defined in the Act) of the issuer s Securities, unless the beneficial owner objects to such disclosure. The Act defines a beneficial owner as any person who has or shares the power to vote a security (pursuant to an agreement or otherwise) or who directs the voting of a security. Customer has designated on the signature page hereof whether (i) as beneficial owner, it objects to the disclosure of its name, address and securities position to any U.S. issuer that requests such information pursuant to the Act for the specific purpose of direct communications between such issuer and Customer or (ii) it requires BNY Mellon to contact the relevant Customer s manager with respect to relevant Securities to make the decision as to whether it objects to the disclosure of the beneficial owner s name, address and securities position to any U.S. issuer that requests such information pursuant to the Act. 
 (b) With respect to certain Securities issued outside the United States, BNY Mellon may disclose information to issuers of Securities as required by the organizational documents of the relevant issuer or in accordance with local market practice. 
 (c) In connection with any disclosure contemplated by this Section 11, Customer agrees to supply BNY Mellon with any required information. 
 11.2 Foreign Exchange Transactions 
 In connection with this Agreement, Customer may enter into foreign exchange transactions (including foreign exchange hedging transactions) with BNY Mellon or a BNY Mellon Affiliate acting as a principal through customary channels. Customer may issue standing Instructions with respect to any such foreign exchange transactions, subject to any terms, rules or limitations that apply to any foreign exchange facility made available to Customer. With respect to any such foreign exchange transactions, BNY Mellon or such BNY Mellon Affiliate is acting as a principal counterparty on its own behalf which may retain any profits from such foreign exchange transactions, and is not acting as a fiduciary or agent for, or on behalf of, Customer, its manager or any Account. 
 11.3 Investment of Cash 
 In connection with this Agreement, Customer may issue standing Instructions to invest Cash in one or more sweep investment vehicles. Such investment vehicles may be offered by a BNY Mellon Affiliate or by a client of BNY Mellon, and BNY Mellon may receive compensation therefrom. By making investment vehicles available, BNY Mellon and its Affiliates will not be deemed to have recommended, endorsed or guaranteed any such investment vehicle in any way or otherwise to have acted as a fiduciary or agent for, or on behalf of, Customer, its manager or any Account. Provided BNY Mellon has implemented the Instructions to invest in one or more sweep vehicles in accordance with the Standard of Care, BNY Mellon will have no liability for any investment loss incurred on any such investments while invested in such vehicles. Customer understands that Cash may be uninvested if it is received or reconciled to an Account after the applicable deadline to be swept into Customer s selected investment vehicle. 
 
 14 

12. REGULATORY MATTERS 
 12.1 USA PATRIOT Act 
 Section 326 of the U.S. Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 (including its implementing regulations) requires BNY Mellon to implement a customer identification program pursuant to which BNY Mellon must obtain certain information from Customer in order to verify Customer s identity prior to establishing an Account. Accordingly, prior to establishing an Account, Customer will be required to provide BNY Mellon with certain information, including Customer s name, physical address, tax identification number and other pertinent identifying information, to enable BNY Mellon to verify Customer s identity. Customer acknowledges that BNY Mellon cannot establish an Account unless and until BNY Mellon has successfully performed such verification. 
 12.2 Sanctions Anti-Money Laundering 
 (a) Throughout the term of this Agreement, Customer (i) will have in place and will implement policies and procedures designed to prevent violations of Sanctions, including measures to accomplish effective and timely scanning of all relevant data with respect to its clients (to the extent the Assets are client assets) and with respect to incoming or outgoing assets or transactions relating to this Agreement (ii) will ensure that neither Customer nor any of its Affiliates, directors, officers, employees or clients (to the extent the Assets are client assets) is an individual or entity that is, or is owned or controlled by an individual or entity that is (A) the target of Sanctions or (B) located, organized or resident in a country or territory that is, or whose government is, the target of Sanctions and (iii) will not, directly or indirectly, use the Accounts in any manner that would result in a violation by Customer or BNY Mellon of Sanctions. 
 (b) Customer acknowledges and agrees that, in connection with the services provided by BNY Mellon under this Agreement, each of Customer s investors is not a customer or joint customer with BNY Mellon. Customer (and not BNY Mellon) has the responsibility to, and will, fulfill any compliance requirement or obligation with respect to each of its investors under all Anti-Money Laundering Laws applicable to Customer. Without limiting any obligation imposed on Customer by Anti-Money Laundering Laws, throughout the term of this Agreement, Customer will maintain a compliance program with respect to its investors that includes the following (i) a know-your-customer program in order to understand and verify the identity of each investor, in accordance with the requirements of the Bank Secrecy Act and the relevant regulations thereunder applicable to Customer, (ii) a transaction surveillance and monitoring program, and (iii) a policy for identifying and reporting any suspicious transactions and or activities with respect to each investor to the appropriate law enforcement and regulatory authorities and to BNY Mellon where related to the services provided by BNY Mellon hereunder. 
 (c) Customer will promptly provide to BNY Mellon such information in Customer s possession and BNY Mellon reasonably requests in connection with the matters referenced in this Section 12.2, including information regarding (i) the Accounts, (ii) the Assets and the source thereof, (iii) the identity of any individual or entity having or claiming an interest therein, including any investor, and (iv) Customer s anti-money laundering and Sanctions compliance programs and any related records and or transaction information, including with respect to any investor, regardless of whether such request is made under USA PATRIOT Act Section 314(b) (where applicable). Customer will cooperate with BNY Mellon and provide assistance reasonably requested by BNY Mellon in connection with any anti-money laundering and terrorist financing or Sanctions inquiries. Prior to delivering to BNY Mellon the assets of any investor, Customer will obtain from each such investor, and will continue to maintain in effect throughout the term of this Agreement, any consents or waivers that may be required under applicable law in order to comply with the foregoing obligations. 
 
 15 

(d) BNY Mellon may decline to act or provide services in respect of any Account, and take such other actions as it, upon the advice of legal counsel, deems necessary or advisable, in connection with the matters referenced in this Section 12.2. If BNY Mellon declines to act or provide services as provided in the preceding sentence, except as otherwise prohibited by applicable law or official request, BNY Mellon will inform Customer as soon as reasonably practicable. 
 (e) While Customer remains responsible for the matters set forth in Section 11.2(a) and Section 11.2(b), it is noted that certain duties relating to such matters may be delegated by Customer to its transfer agent service provider. 
 13. COMPENSATION 
 13.1 Fees and Expenses 
 In consideration of BNY Mellon s services provided hereunder, Customer will (a) pay to BNY Mellon the fees set forth in the agreed upon fee schedule (as such fee schedule may be amended by BNY Mellon from time to time upon (i) thirty (30) days' prior written notice to Customer and (ii) Customer s prior written consent prior to implementation of such amended fee schedule) and (b) reimburse BNY Mellon for any out-of-pocket and incidental expenses incurred by BNY Mellon in connection therewith. Unless otherwise agreed by the Parties, such amounts will be payable to BNY Mellon within thirty (30) days of Customer s receipt of the relevant invoice. Without limiting BNY Mellon s other rights set forth in this Agreement, BNY Mellon may charge interest on overdue amounts at a rate then charged by BNY Mellon to its institutional custody clients in the relevant currency. 
 13.2 Other Compensation 
 (a) Customer acknowledges that, as part of BNY Mellon s compensation, BNY Mellon will earn interest on Cash balances held by BNY Mellon (including disbursement balances, balances arising from purchase and sale transactions and when Cash otherwise remains uninvested) as provided in BNY Mellon s compensation disclosures. 
 (b) Where a processing error has occurred under this Agreement that results in an unintended gain, provided that Customer is put in the same or equivalent position as it would have been in had such processing error not occurred, any such gain will be solely for the account of BNY Mellon without any duty to report such gain to Customer. 
 14. REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS 
 14.1 BNY Mellon 
 BNY Mellon represents and warrants that (a) it is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing in its jurisdiction of organization (b) it has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to carry out the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and (c) the individual executing this Agreement on its behalf has the requisite authority to bind BNY Mellon to this Agreement including by Electronic Signature, and any such Electronic Signature represents an intent to enter into this Agreement and an agreement with its terms. 
 14.2 Customer 
 (a) Customer represents and warrants that (i) it is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing in its jurisdiction of organization (ii) it has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to carry out the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and (iii) the individual executing this Agreement on its behalf has the requisite authority to bind Customer to this Agreement including by Electronic Signature, and any such Electronic Signature represents an intent to enter into this Agreement and an agreement with its terms. 
 
 16 

(b) Customer represents, warrants and covenants that it is not (i) an employee benefit plan, as defined in Section 3(3) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ERISA ), that is subject to Part 4 of Subtitle B of Title I of ERISA (ii) a plan as defined in and subject to Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code (iii) an entity whose underlying assets include the assets of any such employee benefit plan or plan by reason 29 C.F.R. Section 2510.3-101, as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA, or successor guidance or (iv) an entity subject to federal, state, local or foreign law that is substantially similar to Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code (a Similar Law (persons described in any of clauses (i) through (iv), a Plan Customer ). Customer will notify BNY Mellon as soon as administratively possible if and when a determination is made by the Customer that the above representation is, or has become, untrue and, in such event, the provisions of Section 14.2(c) below will apply. 
 (c) If Customer is or becomes a Plan Customer, then the Customer represents, warrants and covenants that 
 (i) Customer (or its duly appointed manager) will assure that any transaction involving any Assets will comply with ERISA, the Code and any Similar Law including Sections 404 and 406 of ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code and 
 (ii) Customer will be solely responsible for furnishing to each of its investors subject to ERISA (if applicable) or to any Similar Law (if applicable) all information needed to file the annual report required by Section 104(a)(1) of ERISA, including any filing pursuant to 29 C.F.R. Section 2520.103-12 or successor regulations, or any report or filing required by any Similar Law, as the case may be. 
 (d) Customer hereby represents, warrants and covenants, which shall be continuing and shall be deemed to be reaffirmed upon each Instruction given by the applicable Customer, that Its delivery of Possessed Securities to BNY Mellon hereunder complies with all applicable laws, rules and regulations, both state and federal, including all applicable anti-money laundering laws and regulations. 
 15. LIABILITY 
 15.1 Standard of Care 
 In performing its duties under this Agreement, BNY Mellon will exercise the standard of reasonable care, prudence and diligence that a professional custodian would observe in these affairs taking into account the applicable law, prevailing rules, practices, procedures and circumstances in the relevant market Standard of Care ). 
 15.2 Limitation of Liability 
 (a) BNY Mellon s liability arising out of or relating to this Agreement will be limited solely to those direct damages that are caused by BNY Mellon s negligence, willful misconduct, bad faith, reckless disregard in the performance of its obligations under this Agreement, or failure to perform its obligations under this Agreement in accordance with the Standard of Care. In no event will BNY Mellon be liable for any indirect, incidental, consequential, exemplary, punitive or special losses or damages, or for any loss of revenues, profits or business opportunity, arising out of or relating to this Agreement (whether or not foreseeable and even if BNY Mellon has been advised of the possibility of such losses or damages). 
 (b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Agreement and in the absence of actual fraud, bad faith, gross negligence or willful misconduct by BNY Mellon or any BNY Mellon Affiliate , in no event will BNY Mellon or any BNY Mellon Affiliate be liable for any losses or damages arising out of any of the following 
 
 17 

(i) Customer s or an Authorized Person s decision to invest in or hold Assets or Possessed Securities in any particular country, including any losses or damages arising out of or relating to (A) the financial infrastructure of a country (B) a country s prevailing custody and settlement practices (C) nationalization, expropriation or other governmental actions (D) a country s regulation of the banking or securities industry (E) currency and exchange controls, restrictions, devaluations, redenominations, fluctuations or asset freezes (F) laws, rules, regulations or orders that at any time prohibit or impose burdens or costs on the transfer of Assets or Possessed Securities to, by or for the account of Customer or (G) market conditions which affect the orderly execution of securities transactions or affect the value of securities 
 (ii) BNY Mellon s reliance on Instructions 
 (iii) BNY Mellon s receipt or acceptance of fraudulent, forged or invalid Securities or Possessed Securities (or Securities or Possessed Securities which are otherwise not freely transferable or deliverable without encumbrance in any relevant market) 
 (iv) For any matter with respect to which BNY Mellon is required to act only upon the receipt of Instructions, (A) BNY Mellon s failure to act in the absence of such Instructions or (B) Instructions that are late or incomplete or do not otherwise satisfy the requirements of Section 3.2(e), whether or not BNY Mellon acted upon such Instructions 
 (v) BNY Mellon receiving or transmitting any data to or from Customer or any Authorized Person via any non-secure method of transmission or communication selected by Customer 
 (vi) Customer s or an Authorized Person s decision to invest in Securities, Possessed Securities or to hold Cash in any currency 
 (vii) The insolvency of any Person, including a Subcustodian that is not a BNY Mellon Affiliate, Depository, broker, bank or counterparty to the settlement of a transaction or to a foreign exchange transaction, except as provided in Section 4.2 
 (viii) Any inability of BNY Mellon, a Subcustodian or any of their respective agents to file claims for exemptions or refunds or otherwise obtain relief from Tax Obligations due to (A) Customer s failure to provide, or delay in providing, Tax Information to BNY Mellon, (B) any failure of Customer to comply with applicable tax laws, or (C) any failure or refusal of any taxing authority to provide such relief or 
 (ix) The use of any third party appointed or selected by Customer, or by BNY Mellon at the express request of Customer. 
 (c) If BNY Mellon is in doubt as to any action it should or should not take, either pursuant to, or in the absence of, Instructions, BNY Mellon may obtain the advice of either reputable counsel of its own choosing or counsel to Customer, and BNY Mellon will not be liable for acting in accordance with such advice. 
 15.3 Force Majeure 
 BNY Mellon will not be responsible or liable for any failure or delay in the performance of its obligations under this Agreement to the extent caused, directly or indirectly, by any event beyond its reasonable control, including acts of God, strikes or other labor disputes, work stoppages, acts of war, terrorism, general civil unrest, governmental or military actions, legal constraint or the interruption, loss or malfunction of utilities or communications or computer 
 
 18 

systems. BNY Mellon will promptly notify Customer upon the occurrence of any such event and will use commercially reasonable efforts to minimize its effect. 
 15.4 Indemnification 
 (a) Customer will indemnify and hold harmless BNY Mellon from and against all losses, costs, expenses, damages and liabilities (including reasonable counsel fees and expenses) incurred by BNY Mellon arising out of or relating to BNY Mellon s performance under this Agreement (including as a result of any action taken or omitted to be taken by Customer), except to the extent resulting from BNY Mellon s actual fraud, negligence, willful misconduct, bad faith or reckless disregard in the performance of its obligations under this Agreement or failure to perform its obligations under this Agreement in accordance with the Standard of Care. The Parties agree that the foregoing will include reasonable counsel fees and expenses incurred by BNY Mellon in its successful defense of claims that are asserted by Customer against BNY Mellon arising out of or relating to BNY Mellon s performance under this Agreement. Any obligations of Customer under this Section 14.4 with respect to a particular Customer will not be satisfied out of the assets of another Customer. 
 (b) BNY Mellon agrees to indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Customer from and against all losses, costs, expenses, damages and liabilities (including reasonable counsel fees and expenses) Losses ), subject to, and in an amount not to exceed the limitation of aggregate liability described in Section 15(d) below, that may be imposed on, incurred by or asserted against the Customer and directly arising from BNY Mellon s actual fraud, negligence, willful misconduct, bad faith or reckless disregard in the performance of its obligations under this Agreement or failure to perform its obligations under this Agreement in accordance with the Standard of Care, in each case, as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final non-appealable order provided, that the Customer shall not be entitled to indemnification hereunder for Losses arising from Customer s own actual fraud, negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct. 
 (c) In the event of any demand, or any civil, criminal, administrative, or investigative claim, action, or proceeding (including arbitration) asserted, commenced or threatened against an entity or person (a Claim ), upon the assertion of such Claim for which either party may be required to indemnify the other, the party seeking indemnification shall promptly notify the other party of such assertion, and shall keep the other party advised with respect to all developments concerning such claim provided, however, that any failure by a party to provide such notice shall not relieve the other party of its obligations to indemnify and hold harmless the other party pursuant to the terms of this Agreement except to the extent that the indemnifying party can demonstrate actual prejudice as a result of such failure. 
 (d) Notwithstanding the foregoing or any other provision in this Agreement or applicable law to the contrary, BNY Mellon and Customer agree that to the extent that BNY Mellon or any BNY Mellon Affiliate would otherwise be liable hereunder (including for any indemnity), in no event shall BNY Mellon s and such BNY Mellon Affiliate s total maximum aggregate liability under this Agreement, whether based on a claim in contract or in tort, law or equity, for any reason and upon any cause of action whatsoever, exceed one (1) year s fees (based on the fees paid by the applicable Customer for the services provided pursuant to this Agreement during the preceding 12 month period) provided, however, that such limitation of liability with respect to Section 15.2(a) shall not be applicable to any act of BNY Mellon or any BNY Mellon Affiliate involving gross negligence, actual fraud or willful or intentional misconduct 
 
 19 

16. CONFIDENTIALITY AND DATA SECURITY 
 16.1 Confidentiality Obligations 
 Each Party agrees to use the Confidential Information of the other Party solely to accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and, except in connection with such purposes or as otherwise permitted herein, not to disclose such information to any other Person without the prior written consent of the other Party. Notwithstanding the foregoing, BNY Mellon may (a) use Customer s Confidential Information in connection with certain functions performed on a centralized basis by BNY Mellon, its Affiliates and joint ventures and their service providers (including audit, accounting, risk, legal, compliance, sales, administration, product communication, relationship management, compilation and analysis of customer-related data and storage) (b) disclose such information to its Affiliates and joint ventures and to its and their service providers who are subject to confidentiality obligations substantially similar to those imposed on BNY Mellon under this Agreement and (c) store the names and business contact information of Customer s employees and representatives relating to this Agreement on the systems or in the records of its Affiliates and joint ventures and its and their service providers. In addition, BNY Mellon may aggregate information regarding Customer and the Accounts on an anonymized basis with other similar client data for BNY Mellon s and its Affiliates reporting, research, product development and distribution and marketing purposes. 
 16.2 Exceptions 
 The Parties respective obligations under Section 16.1 will not apply to any such information (a) that is, as of the time of its disclosure or thereafter becomes, part of the public domain through a source other than the receiving Party (b) that was known to the receiving Party as of the time of its disclosure and was not otherwise subject to confidentiality obligations (c) that is independently developed by the receiving Party without reference to such information (d) that is subsequently learned from a third party not known to be under a confidentiality obligation to the disclosing Party or (e) that is required to be disclosed pursuant to applicable law, rule, regulation, requirement of any law enforcement agency, court order or other legal process or at the request of a regulatory authority. 
 16.3 Data Security 
 BNY Mellon, and any subsidiary or BNY Mellon Affiliate engaged to perform the duties assigned to BNY Mellon by this Agreement, will implement and maintain a written information security program consistent with the requirements set forth in Exhibit A. BNY Mellon shall exercise oversight of each such subsidiary or affiliate to ensure ongoing compliance with the objectives of this section. 
 17. TERM AND TERMINATION 
 17.1 Term 
 The term of this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and will continue in effect until terminated in accordance with the provisions herein. 
 17.2 Termination 
 Either Party may terminate this Agreement by giving to the other Party a notice in writing specifying the date of such termination, which will be not less than ninety (90) days after the date of such notice. 
 17.3 Effect of Termination 
 Upon termination hereof, Customer will pay to BNY Mellon such compensation as may be due to BNY Mellon, and will reimburse BNY Mellon for other amounts payable or reimbursable to BNY Mellon hereunder, through the date of termination. BNY Mellon will follow such reasonable Instructions as Customer issues concerning the transfer of custody of records, 
 
 20 

Assets, Possessed Securities and other items provided that (a) BNY Mellon will have no responsibility or liability for shipping and insurance costs associated therewith and (b) full payment has been made to BNY Mellon of its compensation, costs, expenses and other amounts to which it is entitled hereunder. If any Assets or Possessed Securities remain in any Account after termination, BNY Mellon may deliver to Customer such Assets or Possessed Securities. 
 17.4 Survival 
 Any and all provisions of this Agreement which by their nature or effect are required or intended to be observed, kept or performed after the expiration or termination of this Agreement will survive the expiration or any termination of this Agreement and remain binding upon and for the Parties benefit, including Section 14 (Representations, Warranties and Covenants) Section 15 (Liability) Section 15.4(a) (Confidentiality) Section 17.3 (Effect of Termination) Section 0 (Survival) and Section 18.4 (Governing Law Forum). 
 18. GENERAL 
 18.1 Non-Custody Assets 
 At Customer s request pursuant to Instructions, subject to BNY Mellon s approval and as an accommodation to Customer, BNY Mellon will provide consolidated recordkeeping services reflecting on statements provided to Customer securities and other assets not held by BNY Mellon Non-Custody Assets ). Non-Custody Assets will be designated on BNY Mellon s books as assets not held in custody or by other similar designation and will not constitute Assets or Possessed Securities for purposes of this Agreement. Customer acknowledges and agrees that, notwithstanding anything contained elsewhere in this Agreement, (a) Customer will have no security entitlement against BNY Mellon with respect to Non-Custody Assets (b) BNY Mellon will rely, without independent verification, on information provided by Customer or its designee regarding Non-Custody Assets (including positions and market valuations) and (c) BNY Mellon will have no responsibility whatsoever with respect to Non-Custody Assets or the accuracy of any information maintained on BNY Mellon s books or set forth on account statements concerning Non-Custody Assets. 
 18.2 Assignment U.S. Special Resolution Regime Transferability 
 (a) Neither Party may, without the other Party s prior written consent, assign any of its rights or delegate any of its duties under this Agreement (whether by change of control, operation of law or otherwise) provided, however that BNY Mellon may, without the prior written consent of Customer, assign this Agreement or any of its rights, or delegate any of its duties hereunder (a) to any BNY Mellon Affiliate (b) to any successor to the business of BNY Mellon to which this Agreement relates, in which event BNY Mellon agrees to provide notice of such successor to Customer or (c) as otherwise permitted in this Agreement provided further that any entity to which this Agreement is assigned by BNY Mellon without the prior written consent of Customer pursuant to a foregoing item (a), (b) or (c) will satisfy the requirements for serving as a custodian for a registered investment company. Any purported assignment or delegation by a Party in violation of this provision will be voidable at the option of the other Party. This Agreement will be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the Parties and their respective permitted successors and assigns 
 (b) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, in the event BNY Mellon becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. special resolution regime, the transfer of the Agreement (and any interest and obligation in or under, and any property securing, the Agreement) from BNY Mellon will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. special resolution regime if the Agreement (and any interest and obligation in or under, and any property securing, the Agreement) were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States and, in the event BNY Mellon or any affiliate becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. special resolution regime, default rights with respect to the Agreement that may be exercised against 
 
 21 

BNY Mellon are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than the default rights could be exercised under the U.S. special resolution regime if the Agreement were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. 
 18.3 Amendment 
 This Agreement may be amended or modified only in a written agreement signed by an authorized representative of each Party. For purposes of the foregoing, email exchanges between the Parties will not be deemed to constitute a written agreement. Schedule I to this Agreement may be amended from time to time to (a) accommodate the addition of one or more Customers to this Agreement, (b) accommodate the removal of one or more Customers covered by this Agreement, or (c) otherwise revise certain information with respect to one or more Customers as reflected thereon by attaching to this Agreement an amended copy of such Schedule I (substantially in the form of the Sample Amendment to Schedule I attached hereto) executed by the applicable Parties. 
 18.4 Governing Law Forum 
 (a) The substantive laws of the state of New York (without regard to its conflicts of law provisions) will govern all matters arising out of or relating to this Agreement, including the establishment and maintenance of the Accounts and for purposes of the Uniform Commercial Code and all issues specified in Article 2(1) of the Hague Securities Convention. 
 (b) Each Party irrevocably agrees that all legal actions or proceedings brought by it against the other Party arising out of or relating to this Agreement will be brought solely and exclusively before the state or federal courts situated in New York City, New York. Each Party irrevocably submits to personal jurisdiction in such courts and waives any objection which it may now or hereafter have based on improper venue or forum non conveniens . The Parties hereby unconditionally waive, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any right to a jury trial with respect to any such actions or proceedings. 
 18.5 Business Continuity Disaster Recovery 
 BNY Mellon will implement business continuity and disaster recovery plans designed to minimize interruptions of service and ensure recovery of systems and applications used to provide the services under this Agreement. Such plans will cover the facilities, systems, applications and employees that are critical to the provision of the services hereunder, and will be tested at least annually to validate whether the recovery strategies, requirements, and protocols are viable and sustainable. 
 18.6 Sovereign Immunity 
 To the extent that in any jurisdiction Customer may now or hereafter be entitled to claim, for itself or its assets, immunity from suit, execution, attachment (before or after judgment) or other legal process, Customer irrevocably agrees not to claim, and it hereby waives, such immunity. 
 18.7 Non-Fiduciary Status 
 Customer hereby acknowledges and agrees that BNY Mellon is not a fiduciary by virtue of accepting and carrying out its obligations under this Agreement and has not accepted any fiduciary duties, responsibilities or liabilities with respect to its services hereunder, including with respect to the management, investment advisory or sub-advisory functions of Customer. 
 18.8 Notices 
 Other than routine communications in the ordinary course of providing or receiving services hereunder (including Instructions), notices given hereunder will be (a) addressed to BNY 
 
 22 

Mellon or Customer at the address set forth on the signature page (or such other address as either Party may designate in writing to the other Party) and (b) sent by hand delivery, by certified mail, return receipt requested, or by overnight delivery service, in each case with postage or charges prepaid. All notices given in accordance with this Section will be effective upon receipt. 
 18.9 Entire Agreement 
 This Agreement constitutes the sole and entire agreement among the Parties with respect to the matters dealt with herein, and merges, integrates and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous discussions, agreements and understandings between the Parties, whether oral or written, with respect to such matters. 
 18.10 No Third Party Beneficiaries 
 This Agreement is entered into solely between, and may be enforced only by, the Parties. Each Party intends that this Agreement will not, and no provision of this Agreement will be interpreted to, benefit, or create any right or cause of action in or on behalf of, any party or entity other than the Parties. 
 18.11 Counterparts 
 This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, either manually or by Electronic Signature, each of which will be deemed an original, and said counterparts when taken together will constitute one and the same instrument and may be sufficiently evidenced by one set of counterparts. Executed counterparts may be delivered by facsimile or email. 
 18.12 Interpretation 
 The terms and conditions of this Agreement are the result of negotiations between the Parties. The Parties intend that this Agreement will not be construed in favor of or against a Party by reason of the extent to which such Party or its professional advisors participated in the preparation or drafting of this Agreement. 
 18.13 No Waiver 
 No failure or delay by a Party to exercise any right, remedy or power it has under this Agreement will impair or be construed as a waiver of such right, remedy or power. A waiver by a Party of any provision or any breach of any provision will not be construed to be a waiver by such Party of such provision in any other instance or any succeeding breach of such provision or a breach of any other provision. All waivers will be in writing and signed by an authorized representative of the waiving Party. 
 18.14 Headings 
 All section and subsection headings in this Agreement are included for convenience of reference only and will not be considered in the interpretation of the scope or intent of any provision of this Agreement. 
 18.15 Severability 
 If a court of competent jurisdiction determines that any provision of this Agreement is illegal or invalid for any reason, such illegality or invalidity will not affect the validity of the remainder of this Agreement. In such case, the Parties will negotiate in good faith to replace each illegal or invalid provision with a valid, legal and enforceable provision that fulfills as closely as possible the original intent of the Parties. 
 
 Signature page follows 

23 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the Parties have executed this Agreement as of the Effective Date. 
 
 THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON KKR INFRASTRUCTURE CONGLOMERATE LLC 
 K-INFRA HOLDINGS I LLC 
 K-INFRA HOLDINGS II LLC 
 By s Sofya Marcus 
 By s Jeffrey B. Van Horn 
 Name Sofya Marcus 
 Jeffrey B. Van Horn 
 Title Authorized Signer Chief Financial Officer Date March 23, 2023 

Address for Notice Address for Notice The Bank of New York Mellon 

Attention 
 KKR Infrastructure Conglomerate LLC 
 c o Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. 
 30 Hudson Yards, New York, NY 10001 
 Attention Treasury 

Pursuant to Section 11.1(a) 
 as beneficial owner, Customer OBJECTS to disclosure 
 as beneficial owner, Customer DOES NOT OBJECT to disclosure 
 X BNY Mellon will CONTACT CUSTOMER S MANAGER with respect to relevant Securities to make the decision whether it objects to disclosure 
 IF NO BOX IS CHECKED, BNY MELLON WILL RELEASE SUCH INFORMATION UNTIL IT RECEIVES A CONTRARY INSTRUCTION FROM CUSTOMER. 

24 

SCHEDULE I 
 LIST OF ENTITIES 
 
 Customer Name Type of Entity Tax Id. No. Year End Effective Date of 
 Custody Services 
 KKR Infrastructure Conglomerate LLC 
 Delaware Limited Liability Company K-Infra Holdings I LLC 
 Delaware Limited Liability Company K-Infra Holdings II LLC 
 Delaware Limited Liability Company 

SAMPLE 
 AMENDMENT TO SCHEDULE I 
 
 Schedule I to Custody Agreement by and between THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON and each entity listed on Schedule I hereto, by ENTITY with authority to bind each Customer , for and on behalf of each Customer, dated ________________, 20__, as amended (the Agreement is hereby amended to DESCRIBE CHANGES 
 Assets of the following new entities, if any, will be held pursuant to the Agreement effective as of the Effective Date set forth below. 
 
 Customer Name Type of Entity Tax Id. No. Year End Effective Date of Custody Agreement 

Assets of the following entities, if any, will no longer be held pursuant to the Agreement as of the Effective Date of Termination set forth below 
 
 Customer Name Type of Entity Tax Id. No. Year End Effective Date of Termination 

Schedule I to the Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety and replaced with the Amended Schedule I attached hereto, which has been revised to incorporate the above referenced changes. As specifically amended hereby, the Agreement will remain in full force and effect in accordance with its terms. Capitalized terms not specifically defined herein will have the same meaning ascribed to them under the Agreement. 
 
 Each party represents and warrants to the other party(ies) that it has full authority to enter into this Amendment to Schedule I upon the terms and conditions hereof and that the individual executing this Amendment to Schedule I on its behalf has the requisite authority to bind such party to this Amendment to Schedule I and the Agreement. 

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON EACH ENTITY LISTED ON SCHEDULE I HERETO 
 By ___________________________ 
 By _______________________________ 
 Name ________________________ 
 Name ____________________________ 
 Title _________________________ 
 Title _____________________________ 
 Date _________________________ 
 Date _____________________________ 

1 

AMENDED SCHEDULE I 
 LIST OF CUSTOMERS 
 
 Assets of the following entities will be held pursuant to the Agreement as of the Effective Date indicated. 
 
 Customer Name Type of Entity Tax Id. No. Year End Effective Date of Custody Agreement 

This Amended Schedule I will supersede all prior versions of Schedule I to this Agreement. 

Revised as of ______________________, 20__ 

2 

EXHIBIT A 
 INFORMATION SECURITY ADDENDUM 
 I. General 
 This Information Security Addendum (the Addendum forms part of and is incorporated into the Custody Agreement dated May 1, 2023 (the Custody Agreement by and between each entity listed on Schedule I to the Custody Agreement (each a Customer and collectively the Customers ), and The Bank of New York Mellon, a New York chartered bank BNY Mellon ). BNY Mellon s obligations under this Addendum are in addition to its other obligations under the Custody Agreement. In the event of a conflict amongst the other terms of the Custody Agreement, the terms of this Addendum, the more protective terms with regard to Customer Data will apply. Capitalized terms used but not defined in this Addendum shall have the meanings provided elsewhere in the Custody Agreement. 
 II. Information Security Program Overview 
 A. During the term of the Custody Agreement, BNY Mellon will implement and maintain an information security program ISP with written policies and procedures reasonably designed to protect the confidentiality and integrity of Customer s Confidential Information provided to BNY Mellon in accordance with this Agreement and when in BNY Mellon s possession or under BNY Mellon s control Customer Data ). The ISP will include administrative, technical and physical safeguards, appropriate to the type of Customer Data concerned, reasonably designed to (i) maintain the integrity, confidentiality and availability of Customer Data (ii) protect against anticipated threats or hazards to the security or integrity of Customer Data (iii) protect against unauthorized access to or use of Customer Data that could result in substantial harm or inconvenience to Customer, and (iv) provide for secure disposal of Customer Data. 
 B. BNY Mellon s program is dynamic and may be modified to address technological changes or changes in the threat landscape, BNY Mellon s business activities or other factors. BNY Mellon reserves the right to modify the ISP at any time, provided that BNY Mellon shall not diminish the overall level of protection this rider is intended to provide. 
 III. Security Incident Response and Notice 
 A. BNY Mellon will maintain a documented incident management process designed to ensure timely detection of security events and response thereto. 
 B. In the event of a declared Security Incident, BNY Mellon will (i) promptly notify Customer, (ii) provide updates to Customer regarding BNY Mellon s response and (iii) use reasonable efforts to implement measures designed to prevent a reoccurrence of Security Incidents of a similar nature. 
 C. Security Incident means any known (i) breach of nonpublic personal information as defined in the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999 NPPI that is notifiable under state law or a personal data breach as defined under the EU General Data Protection Regulation 2016 679 GDPR or (ii) loss or unauthorized access, disclosure, use, alteration or destruction of Customer Data (other than NPPI and or personal data as defined under the GDPR) or (iii) successful attempt to gain unauthorized access to, or disrupt or misuse a component of BNY Mellon s network that directly impacts its provision of the Services or unsuccessful attempt to do the same that in BNY Mellon's reasonable determination is sufficiently serious enough to notify Customer. 
 IV. Governance 
 
 A-1 

A. BNY Mellon shall, no more than once in a 12 month period (unless otherwise agreed to between the parties), (i) and upon request, provide a copy of its most recent SSAE-18 or equivalent external audit report to Customer, which Customer may disclose solely to its internal or external auditors that are subject to written confidentiality obligations to use reasonable care to safeguard the report and not to disclose the report to any third party or use the report for any purpose other than evaluating BNY Mellon s security controls (ii) engage a third party provider to perform penetration testing of the BNY Mellon systems used to provide the Services and, upon request, provide Customer with a confirmation of such testing, and (iii) upon request, participate in Customer s reasonable information security due diligence questionnaire process. 
 B. BNY Mellon shall also, no more than once in any 12 month period and upon request, on a mutually agreed date during business hours and subject to BNY Mellon s facility security policies and availability of personnel 
 (i) meet with Administrator s subject matter experts in a BNY Mellon clean room to review information security policies, procedures and similar related information provided that no documentation may be copied, disclosed to any third party, or transmitted or removed from BNY Mellon premises except as mutually agreed in writing and 
 (ii) permit access to a BNY Mellon data center used to process Customer Data and provide the Services by no more than three of Customer s representatives, including employees of a regulatory or supervisory authority of Customer that is also a regulatory or supervisory authority of BNY Mellon, for a maximum of 3 hours in order to conduct a visual inspection of the environment and its controls. 
 C. Notwithstanding any provision in the Agreement to the contrary, Customer shall not disclose any verbal or written information obtained during the foregoing meetings described in above subsections (i)-(ii) to any third party or use it for any purpose other than evaluating BNY Mellon s security controls, without BNY Mellon s prior written consent. The Administrator shall reimburse BNY Mellon for any costs and expenses reasonably incurred in connection with Customer s review (including that of the regulatory or supervisory authority personnel) of BNY Mellon s security controls and data center. 
 V. Network and Communications Security 
 A. Asset Management . BNY Mellon will maintain an inventory of its system components, hardware and software used to provide the Services, and will review and update such inventory in accordance with the ISP. 
 B. Change Management . BNY Mellon shall require that changes to its network or software used to provide the Services are tested and applied pursuant to a documented change management process. 
 C. Security Monitoring . BNY Mellon will monitor cyber threat intelligence feeds daily. BNY Mellon will deploy Denial of Service (DoS) and Distributed DoS solutions. 
 D. Network Segmentation . BNY Mellon s infrastructure utilizes a multi-tier architecture, including a DMZ, to isolate the internal infrastructure from external networks. Traffic from external sources will traverse firewalls and pass through multiple layers of malware protection prior to processing. BNY Mellon s production environment used to provide the Services will be segregated from pre-production regions and BNY Mellon s internal segment. 
 E. Vulnerability Management . BNY Mellon will maintain a documented process to identify and remediate security vulnerabilities affecting its systems used to provide the Services. BNY Mellon will classify security vulnerabilities using industry recognized standards and conduct continuous monitoring and testing of its networks, hardware and software including regular 
 
 A-2 

penetration testing and ethical hack assessments. BNY Mellon will remediate identified security vulnerabilities in accordance with its process. 
 F. Malicious Code . BNY Mellon will deploy industry standard malicious code protection and identification tools across its systems and software used to provide the Services. 
 G. Communications . BNY Mellon will protect electronic communications used in the provision of Services, including instant messaging and email services, using industry standard processes and technical controls and in accordance with the ISP. 
 VI. Application Security. The ISP will require that in-house application development be governed by a documented secure software development life cycle methodology, which will include deployment rules for new applications and changes to existing applications in live production environments. 
 VII. Logging. The ISP will require the maintenance of network and application logs as part of BNY Mellon s security information and event management processes. Logs are retained in accordance with law applicable to BNY Mellon s provision of the Services as well as BNY Mellon s applicable policies. BNY Mellon uses various tools in conjunction with such logs, which may include behavioral analytics, security monitoring case management, network traffic monitoring and analysis, IP address management and full packet capture. 
 VIII. Data Security 
 A. Identity & Access Management . BNY Mellon will implement reasonable and industry recognized user access rules for users accessing Customer Data based on the need to know and the principle of least privilege, and including user ID and password requirements, session timeout and re-authentication requirements, unsuccessful login attempt limits, privileged access limits and multifactor authentication or equivalent safeguard where risk factors indicate that single factor authentication is inadequate. 
 B. Data Segregation . The ISP will require that (i) Customer Data is stored in either physically or logically segregated databases from other BNY Mellon data and (ii) different databases are maintained for development, testing, staging and production environments used in the provision of Services. 
 C. Encryption . BNY Mellon will (i) encrypt Customer Data in transit to an external network using transport layer security or other encryption method and (ii) protect Customer Data at rest, in each case as BNY Mellon determines to be appropriate in accordance with the ISP and law applicable to BNY Mellon s provision of the Services. 
 D. Remote Access . The ISP will restrict remote access to BNY Mellon systems to authorized users using multifactor authentication or equivalent safeguard, and will require such access to be logged. 
 E. Devices . BNY Mellon will restrict the transfer of Customer Data from its network to mass storage devices. BNY Mellon will use a mobile device management system or equivalent tool when mobile computing is used to provide the Services. Applications on such authenticated devices will be housed within an encrypted container and BNY Mellon will maintain the ability to remote wipe the contents of the container. 
 F. Data Leakage Prevention (DLP) . BNY Mellon will deploy DLP tools reasonably designed to help detect and prevent unauthorized transfers of Customer Data outside BNY Mellon s network. 
 
 A-3 

G. Disposal . BNY Mellon will maintain chain of custody procedures and require that any Customer Data requiring disposal be rendered inaccessible, cleaned or scrubbed from such hardware and or media using industry recognized methods. 
 IX. Personnel. BNY Mellon will undertake background checks during the recruitment process of personnel involved in the provision of the Services, subject to applicable laws, and require its personnel involved in the provision of Services to undertake annual training on the aspects of the ISP applicable to the personnel s job function. 
 X. Physical Security. BNY Mellon will deploy perimeter security such as barrier access controls around its facilities processing or storing Customer Data. The ISP will include (i) procedures for validating visitor identity and authorization to enter the premises, which may include identification checks, issuance of identification badges and recording of entry purpose of visit and (ii) physical security policies for personnel, such as a clean desk policy. In accordance with its ISP and applicable law, BNY Mellon will install closed circuit television CCTV systems and CCTV recording systems to monitor and record access to controlled areas, such as data centers and server rooms. 
 XI. BCP DR. BNY Mellon will implement business continuity and disaster recovery plans designed to minimize interruptions of service and ensure recovery of systems and applications used to provide the Services. Such plans shall cover the facilities, systems, applications and employees that are critical to the provision of the Services, and will be tested at least annually to validate that the recovery strategies, requirements and protocols are viable and sustainable. 

A-4 

</EX-10.5>

<EX-10.6>
 5
 k-infrax20221231xex1006xad.htm
 EX-10.6

Document 
 Exhibit 10.6 

 ADMINISTRATIVE SERVICES AGREEMENT 
 ADMINISTRATIVE SERVICES AGREEMENT Agreement made as of May 1, 2023 by and between EACH ENTITY LISTED ON SCHEDULE I (each such entity referred to herein as the Company ), and THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON , a corporation organized under the laws of the State of New York, through its Alternative Investment Services group BNYM-AIS ). 
 W I T N E S S E T H 
 WHEREAS , this Agreement constitutes a separate agreement between BNYM-AIS and each Company listed in Schedule I hereto, as if each such Company had executed a separate Agreement with BNYM-AIS and 
 WHEREAS , the Company desires to retain BNYM-AIS to provide the various services described herein and BNYM-AIS is willing to provide such services, all as more fully set forth below. 
 NOW THEREFORE , in consideration of the mutual promises and agreements contained herein, the parties hereby agree as follows 
 1. Definitions. 
 Whenever used in this Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires, the following words shall have the meanings set forth below 
 (a) Authorized Person shall mean each person, whether or not an officer or employee of the Company, duly authorized by the Board or on behalf of the Board by the Manager, to give Instructions on behalf of the Company as set forth in Exhibit A hereto. The persons set forth in Exhibit A may be changed by the Company by providing to BNYM-AIS a new form of Exhibit A in accordance with Section 19 or by otherwise providing such new form of Exhibit A to BNYM-AIS. 
 (b) BNYM Affiliate shall mean any office, branch, or subsidiary of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation. 
 (c) Board shall mean the Company s board of directors. 
 (d) Net Assets shall mean total assets less total liabilities, including unrealized profits and losses on open positions, accrued income and expense, calculated in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles as more fully described in the Company s Offering Materials. 
 (e) Confidential Information shall have the meaning given in Section 7(n) of this Agreement. 
 (f) Documents shall mean the documents described in Exhibit B hereto. 
 (g) Executive Committee shall mean the Executive Committee of the Company. 
 (h) Instructions shall mean written communications provided to BNYM-AIS in accordance with Section 19 or otherwise actually received by BNYM-AIS in connection with the services provided hereunder. 
 (i) Manager shall mean the entity identified by the Company to BNYM-AIS as the entity having management responsibility with respect to the Company. 
 (j) Offering Materials shall mean the Company s confidential private placement memorandum or similar materials with respect to its private offering of the Shares. 

(k) Organizational Documents shall mean the Company s certificate of incorporation, limited liability company agreement, limited partnership, limited partnership agreement, by-laws or similar documents of formation or organization, as applicable. 
 (l) Registration Statement shall mean any registration statement at any time now or hereafter filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC with respect to any of the Shares and any amendments and supplements thereto which at any time shall have been or will be filed with the SEC. 
 (m) Shares shall mean the record and beneficial ownership interests of the Company offered to Shareholders. 
 (n) Shareholders shall mean a person or entity subscribing to purchase, or already owning, Shares. 
 2. Appointment. 
 The Company hereby appoints BNYM-AIS for the term of this Agreement to perform the services described herein. BNYM-AIS hereby accepts such appointment and agrees to perform the duties hereinafter set forth. 
 3. Representations and Warranties of the Company. 
 The Company hereby represents and warrants to BNYM-AIS, which representations and warranties shall be deemed to be continuing, that 
 (a) It is duly organized and existing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization, with full power to carry on its business as now conducted, to enter into this Agreement and to perform its obligations hereunder 
 (b) This Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company in accordance with all requisite action of the Board and constitutes a valid and legally binding obligation of the Company, enforceable in accordance with its terms 
 (c) The Manager is in good standing and qualified to do business in each jurisdiction in which the nature or conduct of its business requires such qualification. The Company and its Manager are knowledgeable about securities and or commodities trading, as applicable, and aware of the risk of substantial loss in such trading 
 (d) A Registration Statement on Form 10 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 shall be filed with the SEC 
 (e) It is conducting its business in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations, has made and will continue to make all necessary filings including tax filings, and has obtained all regulatory licenses, approvals and consents necessary to carry on its business as now conducted there is no statute, regulation, rule, order or judgment binding on it and no provision of its Organizational Documents nor of any mortgage, indenture, credit agreement or other contract binding on it or affecting its property that would prohibit its execution or performance of this Agreement and 
 (f) Each person named on Exhibit A hereto is duly authorized by the Company to be an Authorized Person hereunder. 
 4. Representations and Warranties of BNYM-AIS. 
 BNYM-AIS hereby represents and warrants to the Company, which representations and warranties shall be deemed to be continuing, that 
 - 2 - 

(a) It is duly organized and existing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization, with full power to carry on its business as now conducted, to enter into this Agreement and to perform its obligations hereunder 
 (b) This Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by BNYM-AIS in accordance with all requisite action and constitutes a valid and legally binding obligation of BNYM-AIS, enforceable in accordance with its terms 
 (c) BNYM-AIS is in good standing and qualified to do business in each jurisdiction in which the nature or conduct of its business requires such qualification 
 (d) BNYM-AIS is conducting its business in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations applicable to it in connection with the provision of the services the violation of which would materially and adversely affect its performance under this Agreement and 
 (e) BNYM-AIS has the personnel, systems and infrastructure necessary to perform its obligations hereunder in a manner consistent with the obligations arising under this Agreement. 
 5. Certain Acknowledgments of the Company. 
 The Company acknowledges that BNYM-AIS is only responsible for providing the services to the Company that are described herein including on Schedule II. 
 6. Certain Duties of the Company. 
 (a) The Company shall supply in accurate and timely fashion BNYM-AIS with financial and other information relating to the Company in order for BNYM-AIS to provide the services set forth on Schedule II provided that if any information is not accurate, incomplete or furnished in an untimely manner, BNYM-AIS s performance of any services related to such information shall be excused until such information, including but not limited to correct information, is provided by the Company in accordance with Section 19 or otherwise provided to BNYM-AIS. 
 (b) The Company acknowledges that BNYM-AIS is not a public accounting or auditing firm, is not a fiduciary of a public accounting or auditing firm, and does not provide public accounting or auditing services or advice and will not be making any tax filings or doing any tax reporting on its behalf, other than those specifically agreed to hereunder. It is understood and agreed by the parties that under no circumstances will the services by BNYM-AIS pursuant to this Agreement include any service, function or activity that would constitute a virtual currency business activity for purposes of the regulations issued by the Superintendent of the New York State Department of Financial Services (23 N.Y.C.R.R. Part 200). 
 (c) The Company acknowledges that it may be considered a U.S. withholding agent and or may be required to file information or other tax returns under the U.S. Internal Revenue Code and related regulations IRC and Regulations ). The Company agrees that it or its designated agents are, and will continue to be, in compliance with all withholding and reporting required by the IRC and Regulations. Therefore, unless otherwise specified in a written agreement, BNYM-AIS and BNYM Affiliates will not be responsible for withholding or depositing taxes, nor will it they be responsible for any related tax filings or information reporting, including but not limited to Forms 1099, 945, 1042S, 1042, 1065, 1065 K-1, 8804, 8805, 8966, 1120 or 1120F. 
 (d) The Company, and not BNYM-AIS, shall pay all brokerage commissions, margins, option premiums, interest charges, floor commissions and fees, and other transaction 
 - 3 - 

costs and expenses charged and incurred by broker-dealers and or futures commission merchants and other agents of the Company pursuant to the terms of the Offering Materials. 
 (e) The Company shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, in accordance with Section 19, from time to time, to BNYM-AIS the Company s Documents and other materials used in the distribution of Shares and all amendments thereto, and of such resolutions, votes and other proceedings as the Board determines are necessary for BNYM-AIS to perform its duties hereunder. BNYM-AIS shall not be deemed to have notice of any information (other than information supplied by BNYM-AIS) contained in such Documents or materials until they are delivered to BNYM-AIS pursuant to Section 19 or otherwise actually received by BNYM-AIS. 
 (f) The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause its Authorized Persons, Manager, distributor, legal counsel, independent accountant, previous administrator (if any) and transfer agent (if other than BNYM-AIS) to cooperate with BNYM-AIS and to provide BNYM-AIS, upon reasonable request, with such information, documents and advice relating to the Company as is within the possession or knowledge of such persons, in order to enable BNYM-AIS to perform its duties hereunder. In connection with its duties hereunder, BNYM-AIS shall be entitled to rely and act upon such information, advice or documents provided to BNYM-AIS by any of the aforementioned persons. 
 (g) The Company shall treat as confidential the terms and conditions of this Agreement and shall not disclose nor authorize disclosure thereof to any other person, except (i) to its Board, Executive Committee, Manager, their affiliates and their respective advisors, employees, regulators, examiners, internal and external accountants, auditors, and counsel, (ii) for a summary description of this Agreement in the Offering Materials with the prior written approval of BNYM-AIS, (iii) to any other person when requested by any court of competent jurisdiction or regulator, or (iv) whenever advised by its counsel that it could be liable for a failure to make such disclosure. The Company shall instruct its Board, Executive Committee, Manager, their affiliates and their respective advisors, employees, regulators, examiners, internal and external accountants, auditors, and counsel who may be afforded access to such information of the Company s obligations of confidentiality hereunder. 
 (h) The Company shall promptly notify BNYM-AIS in writing, if legally permissible, of any and all legal proceedings filed against the Company, Manager, Executive Committee or Board that could reasonably be expected to have a materially adverse effect on BNYM-AIS s ability to provide the services or the reputation of BNYM-AIS. 
 7. Duties and Obligations of BNYM-AIS. 
 (a) Subject to the direction and control of the Company and terms and conditions of this Agreement BNYM-AIS shall provide to the Company the services set forth in Schedule II. 
 (b) Except to the extent otherwise indicated on Schedule II, BNYM-AIS shall not provide any services relating to the management, investment advisory or sub-advisory functions of the Company, distribution of Shares, or services normally performed by the Company s respective counsel or independent auditors. 
 (c) Upon receipt of the Company s prior written consent (which shall not be unreasonably withheld), BNYM-AIS may delegate any of its duties or functions hereunder to any delegee or agent, in each case, as BNYM-AIS reasonably determines to be appropriate in order to perform the services on such terms and conditions as BNYM-AIS reasonably determines to be appropriate. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company s consent shall not be required for any such delegation to any BNYM Affiliate notwithstanding the 
 - 4 - 

domicile of such BNYM Affiliate, but BNYM-AIS shall consult with the Company prior to any such delegation where BNYM-AIS reasonably determines such consultation to be appropriate. BNYM-AIS shall not be liable for any loss, damage or expense incurred as a result of errors or omissions of any permitted delegee or agent provided, that BNYM-AIS shall have selected and monitored such delegee or agent with reasonable care provided, further, that BNYM-AIS shall be liable for the acts or omissions of any BNYM Affiliate to the same extent it would be liable under the terms hereof had it committed such act or omission and not delegated the same to such BNYM Affiliate. Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything to the contrary in this Agreement, BNYM-AIS may subcontract with, hire, engage or otherwise outsource to any BNYM Affiliate with respect to the performance of any one or more of the functions, services, duties or obligations of BNYM-AIS under this Agreement Outsourcing but any such Outsourcing by BNYM-AIS shall not relieve BNYM-AIS of any of its obligations hereunder and BNYM-AIS shall be liable for the acts or omissions of any BNYM Affiliate to the same extent it would be liable under the terms hereof had it committed such acts or omissions. For the avoidance of doubt, such Outsourcing by BNYM-AIS to a BNYM Affiliate shall not be considered a delegation under this Agreement. 
 (d) BNYM-AIS shall, as agent for the Company, maintain and keep current the books, accounts and other documents, if any, listed in Schedule II. Such books, accounts and other documents shall be made available upon reasonable request for inspection by officers, employees and auditors of the Company during BNYM-AIS s normal business hours. To the extent permitted by and consistent with applicable requirements of any laws, rules and regulations applicable to the Company, or BNYM-AIS, any such books or records may be maintained in the form of electronic media and stored on any magnetic disk or tape or similar recording method, in each case in a format accessible and easily readable. Except as otherwise authorized by the Company or its agents, all such records (other than those which are not of a material nature) shall be preserved by BNYM-AIS for a period of at least six (6) years, unless delivered to a duly appointed successor or to the Company. In the event the Company utilizes the BNYM-AIS Anti-Money Laundering services described herein, BNYM-AIS will maintain records relating to this service as follows (i) the shorter of (a) at least five (5) years from the date the Shareholder liquidates its investment in the Company, or (b) such time as the Company converts to a successor administrator with a corresponding transfer of such records by BNYM-AIS or (ii) in the case of a liquidation of the Company, the shorter of (a) for at least five (5) years from the date the Company liquidates or (b) until such records are transferred by BNYM-AIS to the Company s appointed liquidator or another designated Company agent. 
 (e) All records maintained and preserved by BNYM-AIS in hard copy pursuant to this Agreement shall be and remain the property of the Company and shall be surrendered to the Company promptly upon request in the form in which such records have been maintained and preserved. Upon reasonable request of the Company and payment of a fee specified by BNYM-AIS, BNYM-AIS shall provide in hard copy or electronic format any records included in any such delivery which are maintained by BNYM-AIS in the form of electronic media and stored on any magnetic disk or tape or similar recording method, and the Company shall reimburse BNYM-AIS for its reasonable expenses incurred in providing such records. 
 (f) The Company shall furnish BNYM-AIS with any and all Instructions, explanations, information, specifications and documentation reasonably determined to be necessary by BNYM-AIS in the performance of its duties hereunder. BNYM-AIS shall calculate the Company s Net Assets in the manner described in the Offering Materials. At any time and from time to time, the Company may, if consistent with and to the extent permitted by the Offering Materials, furnish BNYM-AIS with bid, offer, or market values of securities and instruct BNYM-AIS to use such information in its calculations hereunder. BNYM-AIS shall at no time be required or obligated to commence or maintain either any 
 - 5 - 

utilization of, or subscriptions to, any securities pricing or similar service or any arrangements with any brokers, dealers or market makers or specialists described in the Offering Materials. 
 (g) In the event BNYM-AIS s computations hereunder rely, in whole or in part, upon information, including (i) bid, offer or market values of securities or other assets, or accruals of interest or earnings thereon, from a pricing or similar service utilized, or subscribed to, by BNYM-AIS which BNYM-AIS in its reasonable judgment determines to be reliable, or (ii) prices or values supplied by the Company or by brokers, dealers, market makers, or specialists described in the Offering Materials, BNYM-AIS shall not be responsible for, under any duty to inquire into, or deemed to make any assurances with respect to, the accuracy or completeness of such information. BNYM-AIS shall not be required to inquire into any valuation of securities or other assets by the Company or any third party described above, even though BNYM-AIS in performing services similar to the services provided pursuant to this Agreement for others may receive different valuations of the same or different securities of the same issuers. BNYM-AIS, in performing the services required of it under the terms of this Agreement, shall not be responsible for determining whether any interest accruable to the Company is or will be actually paid, but will accrue such interest until otherwise instructed by the Company. 
 (h) The method of valuation of securities and the method of computing the Net Assets shall be as set forth in the then currently effective Offering Materials of the Company. To the extent the description of the valuation methodology of securities or computation of Net Assets as specified in the Company s then currently effective Offering Materials is at any time inconsistent with any applicable laws or regulations, the Company shall immediately so notify BNYM-AIS in writing and thereafter shall either furnish BNYM-AIS at all appropriate times with the values of such securities and Net Assets, or subject to the prior approval of BNYM-AIS, instruct BNYM-AIS in writing as to the appropriate valuation methodology to be employed by BNYM-AIS to compute Net Assets in a manner that the Company then represents in writing to be consistent with all applicable laws and regulations. The Company may also from time to time, instruct BNYM-AIS in writing to compute the value of the securities or Net Assets in a manner other than as specified in this Agreement provided that, BNYM-AIS shall provide its prior approval in connection with such computation solely to confirm it has the capability to perform such calculations and implement any required process changes in support of such calculations. By giving such instruction, the Company shall be deemed to have represented that such instruction is consistent with all applicable laws and regulations and the then currently effective Offering Materials. 
 (i) BNYM-AIS may apply to an Authorized Person of the Company for Instructions with respect to any matter arising in connection with BNYM-AIS s performance of services hereunder, and BNYM-AIS shall not be liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken by it in accordance with such clarified Instructions, absent BNYM-AIS s bad faith, gross negligence or willful misconduct. Such application for Instructions may, at the option of BNYM-AIS, set forth in writing any action proposed to be taken or omitted to be taken by BNYM-AIS with respect to its duties or obligations under this Agreement. BNYM-AIS shall not be liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken in accordance with a proposal included in any such application on or after the date specified therein unless, prior to such date for taking or omitting to take any such action, BNYM-AIS has received Instructions from an Authorized Person in response to such application specifying the action to be taken or omitted. 
 (j) BNYM-AIS may, with respect to questions of law specifically regarding the Company, obtain the advice of competent external counsel at BNYM-AIS s sole expense and shall be fully protected with respect to anything done or omitted by it in good faith in conformity with such advice provided that, and notwithstanding any advice to the 
 - 6 - 

contrary, any action taken by BNYM-AIS must be consistent with BNYM-AIS s rights and responsibilities under this Agreement. 
 (k) BNYM-AIS, in performing the services required of it under the terms of this Agreement, shall be entitled to rely fully on the accuracy and validity of any and all Instructions, explanations, information, specifications and documentation furnished to it on behalf of the Company reasonably believed by BNYM-AIS to be genuine or reasonably believed by BNYM-AIS to be from an Authorized Person, and shall have no duty or obligation to review the accuracy, validity or propriety of such Instructions, explanations, information, specifications or documentation, including the amounts or formula for calculating the amounts and times of accrual liabilities and expenses and the amounts receivable and the amounts payable on the sale or purchase of securities. 
 (l) The Company has determined that BNYM-AIS shall not provide registrar, transfer agency or investor servicing. The Company has not engaged BNYM-AIS to provide anti-money laundering or FATCA services. The Company has determined its review and verification procedures as related to investors to be adequate in satisfying the legal obligations of the Company as related to the acceptance of each investor with respect to anti-money laundering and FATCA services and directs BNYM-AIS that is shall not perform any services related to the foregoing. Accordingly, BNYM-AIS shall have no duties or responsibilities whatsoever relating to anti-money laundering or FATCA services, including but not limited to investor identification and verifications know your customer obligations (including OFAC or similar screening, monitoring and or reporting), the review and validation of any investor s FATCA status and no covenant or obligation shall be implied against BNYM-AIS in connection with this Agreement relating thereto. 
 (m) BNYM-AIS shall have no duties or responsibilities whatsoever including any custodial duties, except such duties and responsibilities as are specifically set forth in this Agreement, including Schedule II, or as are otherwise required of BNYM-AIS by laws or regulations applicable to BNYM-AIS, and no covenant or obligation shall be implied against BNYM-AIS in connection with this Agreement. 
 (n) BNYM-AIS agrees to treat as confidential information all confidential proprietary information concerning the Company, the Manager, the Board, the Executive Committee or any of their respective affiliates, including, without limitation, the contents of this Agreement, the Documents, investments and prospective investments, information relating to the Shareholder, financial information (including, without limitation, business plans), services, trade secrets, proprietary processes, product plans, marketing plans, and other information provided either by the Company, the Board, the Executive Committee or the Manager to BNYM-AIS that is not generally known to the public and which is known to be confidential, or which is marked Confidential and Proprietary or has a substantially similar designation or watermark included on such materials (all such information, the Confidential Information and BNYM-AIS shall not disclose the Confidential Information to any other person, except to (i) its employees, BNYM Affiliates, delegees, agents and other service providers to the Company in connection with BNYM-AIS s provision of services hereunder, (ii) its and the Company s respective regulators, examiners, internal and external accountants, auditors, and counsel, or (iii) any other person when required by a court order or legal process, or whenever advised by its counsel that it would be liable for a failure to make such disclosure. BNYM-AIS shall instruct its employees, regulators, examiners, internal and external accountants, auditors, and counsel, and instruct any BNYM Affiliate, delegee or agent to instruct its employees, regulators, examiners, internal and external accountants, auditors, and counsel, who may be afforded access to Confidential Information of such obligations of confidentiality, and shall not use the Confidential Information for any purpose other than the provision of services hereunder. Confidential Information shall not include any information that (i) is or becomes public knowledge through no act or omission of the receiving person, (ii) is 
 - 7 - 

publicly disclosed by the Company or any Shareholder, or (iii) is otherwise obtained from third parties not known by BNYM-AIS to be bound by a duty of confidentiality. 
 (o) Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company understands that The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation is a global financial organization that provides services to clients through its affiliates and subsidiaries in multiple jurisdictions (the BNY Mellon Group ). The BNY Mellon Group may centralize functions, including audit, accounting, risk, legal, compliance, sales, administration, product communication, relationship management, storage, compilation and analysis of customer-related data, and other functions (the Centralized Functions in one or more affiliates, subsidiaries and third-party service providers. Notwithstanding anything contained elsewhere in this Agreement, solely in connection with the Centralized Functions, (i) the Company consents to the disclosure of, and authorizes BNYM-AIS to disclose, information regarding the Company and its accounts Company-Related Data to the BNY Mellon Group and to its third-party service providers who are subject to confidentiality obligations substantially similar to the confidentiality obligations elaborated in this Agreement with respect to such information and (ii) BNYM-AIS may store the names and business addresses of the Company s employees on the systems or in the records of the BNY Mellon Group or its service providers. In addition, BNY Mellon Group may aggregate and anonymize Company-Related Data with other data collected and or calculated by the BNY Mellon Group, and the BNY Mellon Group will own all such aggregated data, provided that the BNY Mellon Group shall not distribute the aggregated data in a format that identifies or links Company-Related Data with the Company, or which in any manner could be reverse engineered to identify the Company, BNYM-AIS being liable for any direct damages associated with any such identification of Company-Related Data. For the avoidance of doubt, Company-Related Data shall not include personally identifiable information of any Shareholder (unless such Shareholder is an employee of the Company). In addition, BNYM-AIS may disclose Company-Related Data as required by law or at the request of any governmental or regulatory authority provided, however, that, to the extent legally permissible, BNYM-AIS shall make reasonable efforts to provide the Company with written notice prior to making any such disclosure. 
 (p) BNYM-AIS will take reasonable precautions to ensure the security of Shareholder records and information, protect against any anticipated threats or hazards to the security or integrity of such records or information, and protect against unauthorized access to or use of such records or information that would result in substantial harm or inconvenience to any Shareholder and will maintain reasonable procedures to detect and respond to any internal or external security breaches. BNYM-AIS will monitor and review its procedures periodically and revise them, as necessary, to ensure they appropriately address any reasonably foreseeable risks. 
 (q) BNYM-AIS may utilize systems, software and databases designed or provided by third parties, including but not limited to pricing and valuation services. Absent BNYM-AIS s bad faith, gross negligence or willful misconduct, BNYM-AIS shall not be liable for any loss, damage or expense that occurs as a result of the failure of any such systems, software or databases, provided that such systems, software and or databases were selected with reasonable care. No such vendor shall be an agent or delegee of BNYM-AIS hereunder. 
 (r) BNYM-AIS shall make reasonable provisions for emergency use of electronic data processing equipment to the extent appropriate equipment is available and, in the event of equipment failures, BNYM-AIS shall, at no additional expense to the Company, take reasonable steps to minimize service interruption. BNYM-AIS shall have no liability with respect to the loss of data or service caused by equipment failure, provided such loss or interruption is not caused by BNYM-AIS s own bad faith, gross negligence or willful misconduct. 
 - 8 - 

8. Allocation of Expenses. 
 BNYM-AIS shall be reimbursed for all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses (such as telephone, facsimile, photocopy, overnight courier and messenger charges, postage, etc.) incurred in connection with the performance of any administrative services required, as well as any fees, costs and expenses permitted to be procured for the Company by BNYM-AIS pursuant to this Agreement. BNYM-AIS shall supply supporting expense documentation to the Company if so requested and to the extent such documentation is available. 
 9. Standard of Care Indemnification. 
 (a) Except as otherwise provided herein, BNYM-AIS shall not be liable for any costs, expenses, damages, liabilities or claims (including attorneys and accountants fees) resulting from, arising out of, or in connection with its performance hereunder, except those costs, expenses, damages, liabilities or claims arising out of BNYM-AIS s or any BNYM Affiliate s own bad faith, gross negligence or willful misconduct in the performance of services hereunder. In no event shall BNYM-AIS be liable to the Company or any third party for special, indirect or consequential damages, or lost profits or loss of business, resulting from, arising out of, or in connection with its performance hereunder, even if previously informed of the possibility of such damages and regardless of the form of action. 
 (b) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, provided BNYM-AIS has complied with its duties under this Agreement, BNYM-AIS shall not be liable for any loss, damage or expense arising from any of the following 
 (i) Errors in records or Instructions, explanations, information, specifications or documentation of any kind, as the case may be, including any valuations or prices of securities or specification of Net Assets, supplied to BNYM-AIS by any third party described in Section 5(f) hereof or by, or on behalf of, the Company 
 (ii) Any improper use by the Company or its agents, distributors or Manager of any valuations or computations supplied by BNYM-AIS in accordance with its standard of care under this Agreement 
 (iii) The method of valuation of the securities and the method of computing Net Assets, as set forth in the Offering Materials or as directed by the Company, and if the Offering Materials so indicate, the value of Net Assets per Share or 
 (iv) Any taxes, penalties or interest imposed upon BNYM-AIS with respect to the Company s withholding, depositing and or reporting obligations under the IRC and Regulations. 
 (c) Actions taken or omitted in reliance on Instructions (whether oral, written or by email, facsimile or other electronic transmission), or upon any information, order, indenture, power of attorney, assignment, affidavit or other instrument reasonably believed by BNYM-AIS to be genuine or reasonably believed by BNYM-AIS to be from an Authorized Person, or upon the opinion of legal counsel for the Company or its own counsel, shall be conclusively presumed to have been taken or omitted in good faith. 
 (d) The Company shall indemnify and hold harmless BNYM-AIS and any BNYM Affiliate from and against any and all costs, expenses, damages, liabilities and claims (including claims asserted by the Company), and reasonable attorneys and accountants fees relating thereto, which are sustained or incurred or which may be asserted against BNYM-AIS or any BNYM Affiliate, by reason of or as a result of any action taken or omitted to be taken by BNYM-AIS or any BNYM Affiliate hereunder without bad faith, gross negligence or willful misconduct in the performance of services hereunder or in 
 - 9 - 

reliance upon (i) the Offering Materials (excluding information provided by BNYM-AIS) (ii) any Instructions of an Authorized Person or (iii) arising out of transactions or other activities of the Company which occurred prior to the commencement of this Agreement provided, that neither BNYM-AIS nor any BNYM Affiliate shall be entitled to indemnification hereunder for costs, expenses, damages, liabilities or claims arising out of its own gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct. This indemnity shall be a continuing obligation of the Company, its successors and assigns, notwithstanding the termination of this Agreement. 
 10. Compensation. 
 In consideration of the services to be rendered to the Company by BNYM-AIS under this Agreement, the Company shall pay BNYM-AIS the fees, charges and expenses as agreed upon from time to time in writing between the parties. 
 11. Term of Agreement. 
 (a) This Agreement shall be for an initial term ending on the first anniversary of the date of this Agreement, and shall continue for successive one year periods thereafter, except that the term of this Agreement may at any time be terminated by either BNYM-AIS giving to the Company, or the Company giving to BNYM-AIS, a notice in writing specifying the date of such termination, which date shall be not less than 90 days after the date of the giving of such notice, and the term of this Agreement shall immediately terminate upon dissolution of the Company. Upon termination, other than a termination by the Company pursuant to the succeeding Section 11(b), the Company shall pay to BNYM-AIS (i) if terminated prior to the first anniversary of the Company s Effective Date of Services, the total fees which would have been payable through such first anniversary if this Agreement were not terminated, and (ii) if terminated after the first anniversary, such compensation as may be due as of the date of such termination, and, in each case, the Company shall reimburse BNYM-AIS for any disbursements and expenses made or incurred by BNYM-AIS and payable or reimbursable hereunder, including fees and compensation for work done or services provided by BNYM-AIS after the termination date. 
 (b) This Agreement may be terminated by the Company at any time if BNYM-AIS (A) commits a material breach of its obligations under this Agreement and shall fail to cure such breach within 20 days of receipt of written notice served by the Company specifying in reasonable detail the nature of such breach (B) goes into liquidation or if a receiver is appointed for any of its assets or (C) there is a petition of insolvency filed by or against it. This Agreement may be terminated by BNYM-AIS at any time if the Company (A) commits a material breach of its obligations under this Agreement and shall fail to cure such breach within 20 days of receipt of written notice served by BNYM-AIS specifying in reasonable detail the nature of such breach (B) goes into liquidation or if a receiver is appointed for any of its assets or (C) there is a petition of insolvency filed by or against it. 
 (c) Upon termination and settlement of all amounts due under this Agreement, including unpaid compensation due pursuant to Section 10 and amounts due pursuant to Section 11(a), BNYM-AIS shall, at the expense of the Company, return to the Company any Confidential Information provided by the Company to BNYM-AIS pursuant to this Agreement. 
 12. Force Majeure. 
 Neither BNYM-AIS nor the Company shall be responsible or liable for any failure or delay in the performance of its obligations under this Agreement arising out of or caused, directly or indirectly, by circumstances beyond its reasonable control, including acts of God acts of war or 
 - 10 - 

terrorism earthquakes fires floods wars civil or military disturbances sabotage epidemics riots interruptions, loss or malfunctions of utilities, computer (hardware or software) or communications service accidents labor disputes acts of civil or military authority or governmental actions it being understood that the Company or BNYM-AIS, as the case may be, shall use their best efforts to resume performance as soon as practicable under the circumstances. 
 13. Amendment. 
 This Agreement may not be amended or modified in any manner except by a written agreement executed by BNYM-AIS and the Company. 
 14. Assignment. 
 This Agreement shall extend to and shall be binding upon the parties hereto, and their respective successors and assigns provided, however, that this Agreement shall not be assignable by the Company or BNYM-AIS without the written consent of the other, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, provided that notwithstanding the foregoing, BNYM-AIS may assign all or any portion of this Agreement to any BNYM Affiliate. 
 15. Governing Law Consent to Jurisdiction. 
 This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without regard to conflict of laws principles thereof. The Company hereby consents to the jurisdiction of a court situated in the City and State of New York in connection with any dispute arising hereunder. THE PARTIES TO THIS AGREEMENT EACH HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVE ANY AND ALL RIGHTS TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT. TO THE EXTENT THAT IN ANY JURISDICTION THE PARTIES TO THIS AGREEMENT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER BE ENTITLED TO CLAIM, FOR ITSELF OR ITS ASSETS, IMMUNITY FROM SUIT, EXECUTION, ATTACHMENT (BEFORE OR AFTER JUDGMENT) OR OTHER LEGAL PROCESS, THE PARTIES TO THIS AGREEMENT IRREVOCABLY AGREE NOT TO CLAIM, AND THEY HEREBY WAIVE, SUCH IMMUNITY. 
 16. Severability. 
 In case any provision in or obligation under this Agreement shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions or obligations shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby, and if any provision is inapplicable to any person or circumstances, it shall nevertheless remain applicable to all other persons and circumstances. 
 17. No Waiver. 
 Each and every right granted to BNYM-AIS or the Company hereunder or under any other document delivered hereunder or in connection herewith, or allowed it by law or equity, shall be cumulative and may be exercised from time to time. No failure on the part of BNYM-AIS or the Company to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any right will operate as a waiver thereof, nor will any single or partial exercise by BNYM-AIS or the Company of any right preclude any other or future exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right. 
 18. Non-Exclusiveness. 
 No provision of this Agreement shall prevent BNYM-AIS from offering services similar or identical to those covered by this Agreement to any other corporations, associations or entities of any kind. Any and all operational procedures, techniques and devices developed by the Company or BNYM-AIS in connection with the performance of their respective duties and obligations under this Agreement, including those developed in conjunction with the Company, shall be and 
 - 11 - 

remain the property of the Company or BNYM-AIS, respectively, and the Company and BNYM-AIS shall be free to employ such procedures, techniques and devices in connection with the performance of any other contract with any other person whether or not such contract is similar or identical to this Agreement. 
 19. Notices, Electronic Communications. 
 (a) All notices required or permitted under this Agreement in writing shall be validly given or made in writing if (i) personally delivered, (ii) delivered and confirmed by facsimile, (iii) delivered by reputable overnight courier delivery service, (iv) delivered and confirmed by e-mail, or (v) deposited in the mail, first class, postage prepaid, certified or registered, return receipt requested as follows 
 (i) if to the Company, at 
 KKR Infrastructure Conglomerate LLC 
 30 Hudson Yards New York, NY 10001 United States of America 
 (ii) if to BNYM-AIS, at 
 The Bank of New York Mellon 
 240 Greenwich Street 
 New York, NY 10286 
 Attention Head of Regulatory Control 
 Facsimile (203) 601-4629 
 with a copy to 
 The Bank of New York Mellon 
 301 Bellevue Parkway 
 Wilmington, DE 19809 
 Attention Legal Department 
 Facsimile (302) 791-3388 
 or at such other place as may from time to time be designated in writing. Notices sent via mail shall be deemed given on the third business day following the day they are sent, notices sent via overnight carrier shall be deemed given on the business day following the day they are sent, notices delivered personally shall be deemed given on the day of confirmed receipt, notices sent via e-mail shall be deemed given on the date of transmission with confirmation of receipt and notices transmitted by facsimile transmission shall be deemed given on the date of transmission with confirmation of receipt. 
 (b) The Company authorizes BNYM-AIS to (i) accept consents, approvals, waivers, requests, Instructions and other communications BNYM-AIS receives from the Company by email, facsimile or other electronic transmission as if those communications had been given personally in writing and signed by an Authorized Person (ii) respond to consents, approvals, waivers, requests, Instructions and other communications BNYM-AIS receives from the Company by means of email, facsimile or other electronic transmission (iii) communicate with, and accept communications from, the Company, its counsel, accountants, auditors, prime broker and other service providers, the Board, the Executive Committee and Shareholders by means of email, facsimile or other electronic transmission and (iv) transmit and receive Confidential Information in connection with its performance hereunder by means of email, facsimile or other electronic transmission. If BNYM-AIS or the Company elects to transmit Instructions through an on-line 
 - 12 - 

communication system offered by BNYM-AIS, its use thereof shall be subject to the Electronic Delivery Terms and Conditions attached hereto as Schedule III. Absent bad faith, gross negligence or willful misconduct in the performance of services hereunder, BNYM-AIS shall not be liable to the Company or any other person for any loss or damage suffered as a result of the Company s use of email, facsimile or other electronic transmission to communicate with BNYM-AIS, or the use of email, facsimile or other electronic transmission by BNYM-AIS to transmit Confidential Information or communicate with the Company or any other person, including any loss or damage resulting from or arising out of loss of data or malfunction of equipment or communications services in connection with the transmission of such communications. In the event any Instructions are given, whether upon application of BNYM-AIS or otherwise, by means of email, facsimile or other electronic transmission, BNYM-AIS is authorized to, but is not obligated to, seek clarification of such Instructions by telephone call-back to an Authorized Person, and BNYM-AIS may rely upon the clarification of anyone purporting to be such Authorized Person. If BNYM-AIS considers that any email, facsimile or other electronic communication may conflict with any other Instructions from, or agreements with, the Company, it may delay acting on such communication until clarification by an Authorized Person. Any Instructions received from a Shareholder in the manner set forth in this paragraph shall not be deemed actually received by BNYM-AIS unless and until the Shareholder has received from BNYM-AIS a confirmation of receipt in writing in the form currently in use by BNYM-AIS for those types of confirmations. 
 20. Liabilities of the Company. 
 For administrative convenience, this single Agreement is being executed so as to enable each Company listed in Schedule I to enter into this Agreement with BNYM-AIS, severally, but not jointly. The parties agree that (i) this Agreement shall be treated as if it were a separate agreement with respect to each Company listed in Schedule I, as if each Company entity has executed a separate agreement naming only itself as the Company, and BNYM-AIS, and (ii) the liabilities of each Company listed in Schedule I shall be limited such that the debts, liabilities, obligations and expenses incurred, contracted for or otherwise existing and relating to this Agreement with respect to such Company shall be enforceable against the assets of that particular Company only, and not against the assets of any other Company so listed. 
 21. No Third-Party Beneficiary. 
 The terms and provisions of this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of the parties and their respective successors and assigns, and is made solely and specifically for their benefit. No other person, including but not limited to Shareholders , shall have any rights, interest or claims hereunder or be entitled to any benefits under or on account of this Agreement as a third-party beneficiary or otherwise. 
 22. Rules of Construction. 
 All articles or section titles or captions in this Agreement shall be for convenience only, shall not be deemed part of this Agreement and shall in no way define, limit, extend or describe the scope or intent of any provisions of this Agreement. Except as specifically provided otherwise, alphanumerical references to Sections, Exhibits and Schedules are to the respective articles and sections of, and Exhibits and Schedules to, this Agreement. Whenever the context may require, any pronoun used in this Agreement shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine or neuter forms, and the singular form of nouns, pronouns and verbs shall include the plural and vice versa. The Schedules and Exhibits attached hereto are hereby incorporated herein and made a part of this Agreement. Any reference in this Agreement to Schedules and Exhibits shall be deemed to be a reference to such Schedules and Exhibits as amended and in effect from time to time. Whenever the word including is used herein, it shall be construed to mean including without limitation. 
 - 13 - 

23. Entire Agreement. 
 This Agreement and the schedules, exhibits and other attachments (a) are a final, complete, and exclusive statement of the agreement and understanding of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter dealt with herein, (b) collectively constitute the entire agreement of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter dealt with herein, and (c) supersede and merge herein any prior and contemporaneous negotiations, discussions, representations, understandings, and agreements between the parties hereto, whether oral or written, with respect to the subject matter dealt with herein. In entering into this Agreement, no party has relied upon any statement, representation, warranty, or agreement of any other party except for those expressly contained herein. Each party hereto acknowledges that no other party nor any other party s affiliates has made any representation, warranty, restriction, promise, undertaking, or agreement with respect to such subject matter other than those set forth herein. 
 24. Counterparts. 
 This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original but such counterparts together shall constitute only one instrument. 
 Remainder of page intentionally left blank 
 Signature page follows 
 
 - 14 - 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties hereto have caused the foregoing instrument to be executed by their duly authorized officers and their seals to be hereunto affixed, all as of the Effective Date. 
 KKR INFRASTRUCTURE CONGLOMERATE LLC By By s Jeffrey B. Van Horn Jeffrey B. Van Horn Chief Financial Officer 

K-INFRA HOLDINGS I LLC By By s Jeffrey B. Van Horn Jeffrey B. Van Horn Chief Financial Officer 

K-INFRA HOLDINGS II LLC By By s Jeffrey B. Van Horn Jeffrey B. Van Horn Chief Financial Officer 

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON By By s Sofya Marcus Name Sofya Marcus Title Authorized Signer Date March 23, 2023 

- 15 - 

SCHEDULE I 
 Company(ies) Effective Date of Services KKR Infrastructure Conglomerate LLC K-Infra Holdings I LLC K-Infra Holdings II LLC 

SCHEDULE II Services 
 (a) establishing and maintaining accounts for the Company and receiving and disbursing as appropriate payment of fees and expenses on behalf of the Company, including disbursing on behalf of the Company such fees, administrative fees, advisory fees, costs, commissions and charges as the Company may be liable to pay, including Board member and officers fees and expenses, legal and accounting fees and expenses, government license and filing fees and all other costs and expenses incurred for the account of the Company 
 (b) preparing and maintaining all customary financial and accounting books and records in the appropriate form and in sufficient detail to support an annual independent audit of the financial condition of the Company 
 (c) acting as a liaison with the Company s independent public accountants, providing account analyses, fiscal year summaries, and other audit-related information with respect to the Company and otherwise taking all reasonable action in the performance of its duties under this Agreement consistent with the scope of such duties to assure that the necessary information is made available to such accountants for the expression of their opinion, as required by the Company 
 (d) computing as of the last business day of each calendar month or at such other date as may be specified in the Offering Materials or decided by the Board, the Net Assets of the Company 
 (e) disseminating quotations of the value of Net Assets per Share as required by the Board and approved by the Company 
 (f) subject to BNYM-AIS s receipt of relevant information in proper form from the Company or its authorized agents, preparing and providing financial statements as mutually agreed upon and 
 (g) subject to the approval of the Company s auditors and independent accountants, and review by the Board, providing book allocations to the Company s auditors and independent accountants for use in the preparation of and filing of any tax returns of the Company to be prepared and filed by the Company s auditors and independent accountants. 
 
 II-1 

SCHEDULE III Electronic Access Terms and Conditions 
 These Electronic Access Terms and Conditions (the Terms and Conditions set forth the terms and conditions under which The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation and or its subsidiaries or joint ventures (collectively, BNY Mellon will provide the undersigned entities and its (their) affiliates listed on Schedule A You and Your with access to and use of BNY Mellon s electronic information delivery site known as BNY Mellon Connect and or other BNY Mellon-designated access portals Electronic Access ). Access to and use of Electronic Access by You is contingent upon and is in consideration for Your compliance with the terms and conditions set forth below. Electronic Access includes access to BNY Mellon web sites accessible via BNY Mellon Connect and or other BNY Mellon-designated access portals Sites ), pursuant to which You are able to access products and services provided by BNY Mellon as well as data regarding Your accounts. You may amend Schedule A by delivering a revised version to BNY Mellon. 
 Any particular product or service accessed by You through Electronic Access may be subject to a separate written agreement between You and BNY Mellon with respect to such products and services (each a Services Agreement ). In addition, terms and conditions and restrictions with respect to any particular product or service accessed through Electronic Access (such as privacy and internet security matters), together with any disclaimers related to the specific products or services, may be set forth on the Sites (hereinafter referred to as Terms of Use and are applicable to such products and services. By Your signature below, You agree to the Terms and Conditions. By any of Your Users accessing the Sites, and the products and services available through Electronic Access, You agree to any Terms of Use and acknowledge and accept any disclaimers and disclosures included on the Sites and the restrictions concerning the use of proprietary data provided by Information Providers (as defined below) that are posted on the Data Terms Web Site (as defined below). For the avoidance of doubt, the execution of these Terms and Conditions will not alter or amend or otherwise affect any Services Agreement whether such Services Agreement is executed prior to or after the execution of these Terms and Conditions. 
 1. Access Administration 
 a. To facilitate access to Electronic Access, You will furnish BNY Mellon with a written list of the names and the extent of authority or level of access of those persons You are authorizing to access the Sites, products and services and to use the Electronic Access Authorized Users on a read-only basis. In addition, You may also designate Authorized Users who will have authority to enter transactions and provide instructions to BNY Mellon that cause a change in or have an impact on assets held by BNY Mellon for Your accounts Authorized Transactional Users ). Where appropriate, Authorized Users and Authorized Transactional Users are collectively referred to herein as Users . If You wish to allow any third party or any employee of a third party (such as an investment manager, consultant or third party service provider) to have access to Your account information through Electronic Access and be included as a User under these Terms and Conditions, You may designate that person as an Authorized User or Authorized Transactional User under these Terms and Conditions and any such third party or employee of a third party so designated by You (and, if a third party is so designated, any employee of such third party designated by such third party) will be included within the definition of Authorized User, Authorized Transactional User, and User as appropriate. If You do not so designate a third party, a third party must enter into its own agreement for Electronic Access with BNY Mellon, pursuant to which such third party will be able to designate Authorized Users and Authorized Transactional Users. Whether You designate a third party under these Terms and Conditions or whether You permit a third party to access data through Electronic Access under a separate agreement they enter into with BNY Mellon, they will be considered Your third party under these Terms and Conditions. 
 b. Upon BNY Mellon s approval of Users (which approval will not be unreasonably withheld), BNY Mellon will send You a user-id, temporary password and, where applicable, a secure identification device for each User. You will be responsible for providing to Users the user-ids, 
 III-1 

temporary passwords and, where applicable, secure identification devices. You will ensure that any User receiving a secure identification device returns such device immediately following the termination of the User s authorization to access the products and services for which the secure identification device was provided to such User. You are solely responsible for Users access to Electronic Access, and You and Users are solely responsible for the confidentiality of the user-ids and passwords and secure identification devices that are provided to them and will remain responsible for each secure identification device until it is returned to BNY Mellon. You, on behalf of You and Your affiliates, acknowledge and agree that, BNY Mellon will have no duty or obligation to verify or confirm the actual identity of the person who accesses Electronic Access using a validly issued user-id and password (and, where applicable, security identification device) or that the person who accesses Electronic Access using such validly issued user-id and password (and, where applicable, secure identification device) is, in fact, a User (whether an Authorized User or an Authorized Transactional User). 
 c. You shall not, and shall not permit any User or third party to, breach or attempt to breach any security measures used in connection with Electronic Access or Proprietary Software. Any attempt to circumvent or penetrate any application, network or other security measures used by BNY Mellon or its suppliers in connection with Electronic Access is strictly prohibited. 
 d. You are also solely responsible for ensuring that all Users comply with these Terms and Conditions and any Terms of Use included on the Sites, the Service Agreement for each product or services accessed through the Sites and their associated services and all applicable terms and conditions, restrictions on the use of such products and services and data obtained through the use of Electronic Access. BNY Mellon reserves the right to prohibit access or revoke the access of any User to Electronic Access whom BNY Mellon determines has violated or breached these terms and conditions or any Terms of Use on a Site accessed by the User, including the Data Terms Web Site (as defined below), or whose conduct BNY Mellon reasonably determines may constitute a criminal offense, violate any applicable local, state, national, or international law or constitute a security risk for BNY Mellon, its third party service providers, its clients or any Users of Electronic Access. BNY Mellon may also terminate access to all Users following termination of all Services Agreements between You and BNY Mellon. 
 2. Proprietary Software Depending upon the products and services You elect to access through Electronic Access, You may be provided software owned by BNY Mellon or licensed to BNY Mellon by a third party Proprietary Software ). You are granted a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable license to install the Proprietary Software on Your authorized computer system (including mobile devices registered with BNY Mellon) and to use the Proprietary Software solely for Your own internal purposes in connection with Electronic Access and solely for the purposes for which it is provided to You. You and Your Users may make copies of the Proprietary Software for backup purposes only, provided all copyright and other proprietary information included in the original copy of the Proprietary Software are reproduced in or on such backup copies. You shall not reverse engineer, disassemble, decompile or attempt to determine the source code for, any Proprietary Software. Any attempt to circumvent or penetrate security of Electronic Access is strictly prohibited. 
 3. Use of Data 
 a. Electronic Access may include information and data that is proprietary to the providers of such information or data Information Providers or may be used to access Sites that include such information or data from Information Providers. This information and data may be subject to restrictions and requirements which are imposed on BNY Mellon by the Information Providers and which are posted on http www.bnymellon.com products assetservicing vendoragreement.pdf or any successor web site of which You are provided notice from time to time (the Data Terms Web Site ). You will be solely responsible for ensuring that Users comply with the restrictions and requirements concerning the use of proprietary data that are posted on the Data Terms Web Site. 
 III-2 

b. You consent to BNY Mellon, its affiliates and BNY Mellon s Suppliers disclosing to each other and using data received from You and Users and, where applicable, Your third parties in connection with these Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, client data and personal data of Users) (1) to the extent necessary for the provision of Electronic Access (2) in order for BNY Mellon and its affiliates to meet any of their obligations under these Terms and Conditions to provide Electronic Access or (3) to the extent necessary for Users to access Electronic Access. 
 c. You understand that The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation is a global financial organization that operates in and provides services and products to clients through its affiliates and subsidiaries located in multiple jurisdictions (the BNY Mellon Group ). You also understand that the BNY Mellon Group may (i) centralize in one or more affiliates and subsidiaries certain activities (the Centralized Functions ), including audit, accounting, administration, risk management, legal, compliance, sales, product communication, marketing, relationship management, and the storage, maintenance, aggregation, processing and analysis of information and data regarding You and Your accounts (which, for purposes of this provision, includes the name and business contact information for Your employees and representatives) and the accounts established pursuant to the Services Agreements Your Information and (ii) use third party service providers to store, maintain and process Your Information Outsourced Functions ). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained elsewhere in these Terms and conditions and solely in connection with the Centralized Functions and or Outsourced Functions, You consent to the disclosure of, and authorize BNY Mellon to disclose, Your Information (w) to other members of the BNY Mellon Group (and their respective officers, directors and employees), (x) to third-party service providers (but solely in connection with Outsourced Functions) who are required to maintain the confidentiality of Your Information and, (y) to governmental and regulatory authorities in jurisdictions where members of the BNY Mellon Group operate and (z) as otherwise required by law provided that BNY may disclose such information in accordance with Section 7(o) of the Administrative Services Agreement. In addition, the BNY Mellon Group may aggregate Your Information with other data collected and or calculated by the BNY Mellon Group, and the BNY Mellon Group will own all such aggregated data, provided that the BNY Mellon Group shall not distribute the aggregated data in a format that identifies Your Information with You specifically. You represent that You are authorized to consent to the foregoing and that the disclosure of Your Information in connection with the Centralized Functions and or Outsourced Functions does not violate any relevant data protection legislation. You also consent to the disclosure of Your Information to governmental and regulatory authorities in jurisdictions where the BNY Mellon Group operates and otherwise as required by law. 
 4. Ownership and Rights 
 a. Electronic Access, including any database, any software (including for the avoidance of doubt, Proprietary Software) and any proprietary data, processes, scripts, information, training materials, manuals or documentation made available as part of the Electronic Access (collectively, the Information ), are the exclusive and confidential property of BNY Mellon and or BNY Mellon s suppliers. You may not use or disclose the Information except as expressly authorized by these Terms and Conditions. You will, and will cause Users and Your third parties and their Users, to keep the Information confidential by using the same care and discretion that You use with respect to Your own confidential information, but in no event less than reasonable care. 
 b. The provisions of this Section 4 will not affect the copyright status of any of the Information which may be copyrighted and will apply to all Information whether or not copyrighted. 
 c. Nothing in these Terms and Conditions will be construed as giving You, Users or third party Users any license or right to use the trade marks, logos and or service marks of BNY Mellon, its affiliates, its licensors, its Information Providers or its third party service providers. 
 III-3 

d. Any Intellectual Property Rights and any other rights or title not expressly granted to You or Users under these Terms and Conditions are reserved to BNY Mellon, its licensors, Information Providers and its third party service providers. Intellectual Property Rights includes all copyright, patents, trademarks and service marks, rights in designs, moral rights, rights in computer software, rights in databases and other protectable lists of information, rights in confidential information, trade secrets, inventions and know-how, trade and business names, domain names (including all extensions, revivals and renewals, where relevant) in each case whether registered or unregistered and applications for any of them and the goodwill attaching to any of them and any rights or forms of protection of a similar nature and having equivalent or similar effect to any of them which may subsist anywhere in the world. 
 5. Reliance 
 a. BNY Mellon will be entitled to rely on, and will be fully protected in acting upon, any actions or instructions associated with a user-id or a secure identification device issued to a User until such time BNY Mellon receives actual notice in writing from You of the change in status of the User and receipt of the secure identification device issued to such User. You acknowledge that all commands, directions and instructions, including commands, directions and instructions for transactions issued by a User or Your third party are issued at Your sole risk. You agree to accept full and sole responsibility for all such commands, directions and instructions and that BNY Mellon, will have no liability for, and you hereby release BNY Mellon from, any losses, liabilities, damages, costs, expenses, claims, causes of action or judgments (including attorneys fees and expenses) (collectively Losses incurred or sustained by you or any other party in connection with or as a result of BNY Mellon s reliance upon or compliance with such commands, directions and instructions. 
 b. All commands, directions and instructions involving a transaction entered by Authorized Transactional User will be treated as an authorized instruction under the applicable Services Agreement(s) between You and BNY Mellon covering accounts, products and services and products provided by BNY Mellon with respect to which Electronic Access is being used whether such Services Agreement is executed prior to or after the execution of these Terms and Conditions. 
 6. Disclaimers 
 a. Although BNY Mellon uses reasonable efforts to provide accurate and up-to-date information through Electronic Access, BNY Mellon, its Content Providers and Information Providers make no warranties or representations under these Terms and Conditions as to accuracy, reliability or comprehensiveness of the content, information or data accessed through Electronic Access. Without limiting the foregoing, some of the content on Electronic Access may be provided by third party sources Content Providers and by Information Providers. For that content BNY Mellon is a distributor and not a publisher of such content and has no control over it. Information provided by Information Providers has not been independently verified by BNY Mellon and BNY Mellon makes no representation as to the accuracy or completeness of the content or information provided. Any opinions, advice, statements, services, offers or other information given or provided by Content Providers and Information Providers (including merchants and licensors) are those of the respective authors of such content and not that of BNY Mellon. BNY Mellon will not be liable to You, Users or Your third party for such content or information in any way nor for any action taken in reliance on such information nor for direct or indirect damages resulting from the use of such information. For purposes of these Terms and Conditions, all information and data, including all proprietary information and materials and all client data, provided to You through Electronic Access are provided on an AS-IS , AS AVAILABLE basis. 
 b. BNY Mellon makes no guarantee and does not warrant that Electronic Access or the information and data provided through the Electronic Access are or will be virus-free or will be free of viruses, worms, Trojan horses or other code with contaminating or destructive properties. BNY 
 III-4 

Mellon will employ commercially reasonable anti-virus software to its systems to protect its systems against viruses. 
 c. Some Sites accessed through the use of Electronic Access may include links to third party websites. BNY Mellon will not be liable to any person for the content found on such third party websites. BNY Mellon will not be responsible for third party websites that collect information from parties who visit their web sites through links on the Sites. BNY Mellon will not be liable or responsible for any loss suffered by any person as a result of their use of any third party websites that are linked to the BNY Mellon Sites. 
 d. BNY Mellon retains complete discretion and authority to add, delete or revise in whole or in part Electronic Access, including its Sites, and to modify from time to time any Proprietary Software provided in conjunction with the use of Electronic Access and or any of the Sites. To the extent reasonably possible, BNY Mellon will provide notice of such modifications. BNY Mellon may terminate, immediately and without advance notice, and without right of cure, any portion or component of Electronic Access or the Sites. 
 e. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, THERE IS NO WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, NO WARRANTY OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NO WARRANTY OF QUALITY AND NO WARRANTY OF TITLE OR NONINFRINGEMENT. THERE IS NO OTHER WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, REGARDING ELECTRONIC ACCESS, THE SITES, ANY PROPRIETARY SOFTWARE, INFORMATION, MATERIALS OR CLIENT DATA. 
 f. Notwithstanding the paragraph (e) above, BNY Mellon or an affiliate designated by it will defend You and pay any amounts agreed to by BNY Mellon in a settlement and damages finally awarded by a court of competent jurisdiction, in any action or proceeding commenced by a third party against You based on a claim that Electronic Access or the Proprietary Software infringe such third party s patent, copyright, or trade secret, provided that You (i) notify BNY Mellon promptly of any such action or claim (except that the failure to so notify BNY Mellon will not limit BNY Mellon s obligations hereunder except to the extent that such failure prejudices BNY Mellon) (ii) grant BNY Mellon or its designated affiliate full and exclusive authority to defend, compromise or settle such claim or action and (iii) provide BNY Mellon or its designated affiliate all assistance reasonably necessary to so defend, compromise or settle. The foregoing obligations will not apply, however, to any claim or action arising from (i) use of the Proprietary Software Information or Electronic Access in a manner not authorized under these Terms and Conditions, the Terms of Use, or the Data Terms Web Site or (ii) use of the Proprietary Software or Electronic Access in combination with other software or services not supplied by BNY Mellon. 
 7. Limitation of Liability 
 a. IN NO EVENT WILL BNY MELLON, ITS LICENSORS, ITS CONTENT PROVIDERS OR INFORMATION PROVIDERS OR THIRD PARTY SERVICE PROVIDERS BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANYONE ELSE UNDER THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ANY LOSSES, LIABILITIES, DAMAGES, COSTS OR EXPENSES INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY DIRECT DAMAGES, CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, RELIANCE DAMAGES, EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, SPECIAL DAMAGES, PUNITIVE DAMAGES, INDIRECT DAMAGES OR DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, GOOD WILL, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, USE, DATA, EQUIPMENT OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES (EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES) THAT RESULT FROM (1) THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE ELECTRONIC ACCESS (2) THE CONSEQUENCES OF ANY DECISION MADE OR ACTION OR NON-ACTION TAKEN BY YOU OR ANY OTHER PERSON, OR FOR ANY ERRORS BY YOU IN COMMUNICATING SUCH INFORMATION (3) THE COST OF SUBSTITUTE ACCESS SERVICES OR (4) ANY OTHER MATTER RELATING TO THE CONTENT OR ACCESS THROUGH ELECTRONIC ACCESS. BNY MELLON WILL NOT 
 III-5 

BE LIABLE FOR LOSS, DAMAGE OR INJURY TO PERSONS OR PROPERTY ARISING FROM ANY USE OF ANY PRODUCT, INFORMATION, PROCEDURE, OR SERVICE OBTAINED THROUGH ELECTRONIC ACCESS. BNY MELLON WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS, DAMAGE OR INJURY RESULTING FROM VOLUNTARY SHUTDOWN OF THE SERVER, ELECTRONIC ACCESS OR ANY OF THE SITES TO ADDRESS TECHNICAL PROBLEMS, COMPUTER VIRUSES, DENIAL-OF-SERVICE MESSAGES OR OTHER SIMILAR PROBLEMS. 
 b. BNY MELLON S ENTIRE LIABILITY AND YOUR EXCLUSIVE REMEDY UNDER THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ANY DISPUTE OR CLAIM RELATED TO THESE TERMS OF USE, ELECTRONIC ACCESS OR SITES, IS AS FOLLOWS IF YOU REPORT A MATERIAL MALFUNCTION IN ELECTRONIC ACCESS THAT BNY MELLON IS ABLE TO REPRODUCE, BNY MELLON WILL USE REASONABLE EFFORTS TO CORRECT THE MALFUNCTION. IF BNY MELLON IS UNABLE TO CORRECT THE MALFUNCTION, YOU MAY CEASE ALL USE OF ELECTRONIC ACCESS AND RECEIVE A REFUND OF ANY FEES PAID IN ADVANCE, SPECIFICALLY FOR ELECTRONIC ACCESS, APPLICABLE TO PERIODS AFTER CESSATION OF SUCH USE. BECAUSE SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR DAMAGES, IN SUCH JURISDICTIONS LIABILITY IS LIMITED TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW. 
 c. The limitation of liability set forth in this Limitation of Liability section and in other provisions in these Terms and Conditions is in addition to any limitation of liability provisions contained in any Services Agreements and will not supersede or be superseded by limitation of liability provisions contained in such Services Agreements, whether executed prior to or after the execution of these Terms and Conditions, except to the extent specifically set forth in such other Services Agreements containing a reference to these Terms and Conditions. 
 8. Indemnification 
 a. You agree, to the extent permitted by law, to indemnify, protect and hold BNY Mellon, its licensors, Content Providers and Information Providers (the Indemnified Parties harmless from and against all Losses resulting from a claim by a third party that arises out of (i) any breach of these Terms and Conditions, the Terms of Use or the Data Terms Web Site by You, Users or any of Your third parties having access to Electronic Access under these Terms and Conditions and (ii) any person obtaining access to Electronic Access through You, Your Users or Your third parties or through use of any password, user-id or secure identification device issued to a User, whether or not You or a User authorized such access, except to the extent that any such Losses resulted from the fraud, gross negligence or willful misconduct of BNY Mellon, the BNY Mellon Group, its Licensors, Content Providers or Information Providers, as applicable. For the avoidance of doubt, and by way of illustration and not by way of limitation, the forgoing indemnity is applicable to disputes between the parties, including the enforcement of these Terms and Conditions. The rights and remedies conferred hereunder will be cumulative and the exercise or waiver of any such right or remedy will not preclude or inhibit the exercise of additional rights or remedies or the subsequent exercise of such right or remedy. In the event You are not permitted by law to indemnify and hold harmless BNY Mellon, the BNY Mellon Group, BNY Mellon Suppliers, Content Providers and Information Providers for Losses pursuant to this Section 8(a), if an Indemnified Party incurs Losses or is made a party to litigation pertaining to these Terms and Conditions, an Indemnified Party shall be reimbursed by You for any and all Losses occasioned thereby if You are notified in writing prior to the incurring such Losses, except to the extent that any Losses resulted from the fraud, gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnified Party, as applicable. 
 b. The indemnity provided in herein is in addition to any indemnity and other remedies contained in any Services Agreements and will not supersede or be superseded by such Services Agreements, whether executed prior to or after the execution of these Terms and Conditions, except to the extent specifically set forth in such other Services Agreements and expressly stating an intent to 
 III-6 

modify this Terms and Conditions. Nothing contained herein will, or be deemed to, alter or modify the rights and remedies of BNY Mellon as set forth in the Services Agreements. 
 9. Confidentiality 
 Electronic Access (including, without limitation, the design, programming techniques, algorithms and codes contained within the Electronic Access), Proprietary Data (as defined in the Data Terms Website) and any other information provided by BNYM to You are confidential property of BNYM, its Affiliates, its licensors, or third party service providers in relations to the Electronic Access Service under this Agreement. 
 You shall not, and shall procure that each User must not, without the prior written consent of BNYM, disclose to any third party or make unauthorized use of the Proprietary Information, the BNYM Web Sites and the content of this Agreement, and will take reasonable care to protect the confidential property in relation to this Agreement from examination by anyone except for its agents or employees who have a need to know. You shall be responsible for the consequences of any misuse of, or unauthorized use of or access to, the Proprietary Software and for the disclosure of any confidential property or information by You or an User, provided that this Section 9 shall not restrict any disclosure by You pursuant to any applicable law, or by order of any court or government agency. You will promptly notify BNYM in writing if such disclosure by the Client occurs. 
 Notwithstanding any other provision in this Agreement, BNYM may at its discretion, retain the records of Your and each User s commands for any applicable legal or regulatory requirement and, for any other reason, including, without limitation, monitoring the quality of service that You receive, Your compliance with this Agreement and the security of the information. 
 10. Choice of Law and Forum Unless otherwise agreed and specified herein, these Terms and Conditions are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law You expressly and irrevocably agree that exclusive jurisdiction and venue for any claim or dispute with BNY Mellon, its employees, contractors, officers or directors or relating in any way to Your use of Electronic Access resides in the state or federal courts in New York, New York and You further irrevocably agree and expressly and irrevocably consent to the exercise of personal jurisdiction in those courts over any action brought with respect to these Terms and Conditions. BNY Mellon and You hereby waive the right of trial by jury in any action arising out of or related to the BNY Mellon or these Terms and Conditions. 
 11. Term and Termination 
 a. Either BNY Mellon or You may terminate these Terms and Conditions and the Electronic Access upon thirty (30) days written notice to the other party. 
 b. In the event of any breach of the provisions of these Terms and Conditions or a breach by any Authorized User of the Terms of Use or the restrictions and requirements concerning the use of Information Providers proprietary data that are posted on the Data Terms Web Site, the non-breaching party may terminate these Terms and Conditions and the Electronic Access immediately upon written notice to the breaching party if any breach remains uncured after ten (10) days written notice of the breach is sent to the breaching party. 
 c. BNY Mellon may immediately terminate access through an Authorized User s user-id and password and may, at its discretion, also terminate access by an Authorized User, without right of cure, in the event of an unauthorized use of an Authorized User s user-id or password, or where BNY Mellon believes there is a security risk created by such access. 
 d. BNY Mellon may terminate, without advance notice, Your access or the access of Users to any portion or component of Electronic Access or the Sites in the event a third party service provider, 
 III-7 

Content Provider or Information Provider prohibits BNY Mellon from permitting You or Users to have access to their information or services. 
 e. Promptly upon receiving or giving notice of termination, You will notify all Users of the effective date of the termination. 
 f. Upon termination of Your access to Electronic Access, You shall return all manuals, documentation, workflow descriptions and the like that are in Your possession or under Your control, and all security identification devices. 
 g. The Reliance, Disclaimers, Limitation of Liability Indemnification and confidentiality provisions of the Terms and Conditions (and other provision of these Terms and Conditions containing disclaimers, limitation of liability and indemnification) shall survive the termination of these Terms and Conditions. 
 12. Force Majeure Notwithstanding anything else in these Terms and Conditions, none of BNY Mellon, its third party service providers, licensors, or Information Providers shall be liable if they are prevented from, or delayed in performing their obligations, or for any loss resulting from a cause that is beyond the control of that entity. 
 13. General 
 a. BNY Mellon has adopted an incentive compensation program designed (i) to facilitate customers gaining access to and being provided with explanations about the full range of products and services offered by BNY Mellon and (ii) to expand and develop customer relationships. This program may lead to the payment of referral fees to employees of BNY Mellon who may have been involved in a referral that resulted in Your obtaining of products or services covered by these Terms and Conditions or which may be ancillary or supplemental to such products or services. Any such referral fees are funded solely out of fees and commissions paid by You under these Terms and Conditions or with respect to such ancillary or supplemental products or services. Further details of the payment of referral fees will be provided to the extent required by applicable laws or regulations and other legal requirements and limitations. Should You require such further details, You should contact its designated BNY Mellon relationship manager. 
 b. These Terms and Conditions contain the entire agreement between You and BNY Mellon relating to the Electronic Access and supersedes all prior written or oral communications between the parties on the subject. In the event any one or more of the provisions of these Terms and Conditions shall for any reason be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the remaining provisions shall remain valid and enforceable. Furthermore, the unenforceable provision(s) shall be modified to carry out to the full extent possible the intent of the provision deemed unenforceable. 
 c. Unless otherwise specified in these Terms and Conditions, these Terms and Conditions may be amended through a written notice by BNY Mellon to You, together with written acceptance by You of such amendment to this Agreement. 
 d. You may not assign these Terms and Conditions without the prior written consent of BNY Mellon. BNY Mellon may assign these Terms and Conditions to any affiliate or successor in interest without Your prior consent. These Terms and Conditions shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of You and BNY Mellon and each of your respective successors and assigns. 
 e. You and BNY Mellon each acknowledge the intention that these Terms and Conditions do not confer or purport to confer on any third party any benefit or any right to enforce any provisions under these Terms and Conditions, except that (a) BNY Mellon s affiliates may benefit from and enforce the provisions under these Terms and Conditions and (b) each Information Provider may benefit from and enforce any right or benefit given to a Information Provider under these Terms and Conditions. 
 III-8 

f. A notice to either party shall be given in written English and may be delivered personally or sent by first class post, pre-paid recorded delivery or by facsimile to the other party. Any proceedings arising out of these Terms and Conditions will be sufficiently served if served on the relevant party at the most recent address provided to the other party. Each notice will be effective, in the case of a notice delivered by facsimile, when the sender receives a fax receipt confirming transmission of the fax and, in any other case, will be effective upon actual receipt 
 You represent and warrant to BNY Mellon that these Terms and Conditions and the indemnity contained herein have been duly authorized, executed and delivered on Your behalf, that You have full authority to execute these Terms and Conditions, both for the undersigned entities and for any affiliate with Electronic Access, and that the individual executing these Terms and Conditions has the requisite authority to bind the undersigned entities and each such affiliate to these Terms and Conditions, and that these Terms and Conditions constitute Your binding obligation enforceable in accordance with its terms. 
 
 III-9 

SCHEDULE A 
 AFFILIATES 
 III-10 

EXHIBIT A Authorized Persons 
 The following persons, whether or not an officer or employee of the Company, are hereby designated Authorized Persons under the Master Administrative Services Agreement dated as of the Effective Date, between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon, through its Alternative Investment Services group BNYM-AIS ). 
 
 Name Company Signature Phone No. 
 __________ __________ __________ __________ 
 __________ __________ __________ __________ 
 __________ __________ __________ __________ 
 __________ __________ __________ __________ 
 __________ __________ __________ __________ 
 __________ __________ __________ __________ 

EXHIBIT B Documents 
 1. The Company s Organizational Documents and all amendments thereto. 
 2. The Company s Offering Materials. 
 3. Any investment advisory, custodian, prime brokerage or similar contract or agreement between the Company and any other party, including any contract or agreement described in the Offering Materials. 

</EX-10.6>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 k-infrax20221231xex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 
 Exhibit 31.1 

 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 I, Raj Agrawal, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 of KKR Infrastructure Conglomerate LLC 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date March 24, 2023 
 
 s Raj Agrawal 
 Chairman of the Board 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 k-infrax20221231xex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 
 Exhibit 31.2 

 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 I, Jeffrey B. Van Horn, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 of KKR Infrastructure Conglomerate LLC 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date March 24, 2023 
 s Jeffrey B. Van Horn 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 k-infrax20221231xex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 
 Exhibit 32.1 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of KKR Infrastructure Conglomerate LLC (the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Raj Agrawal, Chairman of the Board of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date March 24, 2023 
 s Raj Agrawal 
 Chairman of the Board 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 k-infrax20221231xex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 
 Exhibit 32.2 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of KKR Infrastructure Conglomerate LLC (the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Jeffrey B. Van Horn, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date March 24, 2023 
 s Jeffrey B. Van Horn 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 kkr-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 kkr-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 kkr-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 kkr-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 kkr-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

