<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230224_10-K_edgar_data_931584_0000950170-23-004340.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>12922829</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>173920</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1449970</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6553445</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1736253</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2703621</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-004340.hdr.sgml : 20230224
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230224142742
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-004340
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		88
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230224
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230224

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			UNIVERSAL STAINLESS & ALLOY PRODUCTS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000931584
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STEEL WORKS, BLAST FURNACES  ROLLING MILLS (COKE OVENS) [3312]
		IRS NUMBER:				251724540
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39467
		FILM NUMBER:		23665947

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		600 MAYER ST
		CITY:			BRIDGEVILLE
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			15017
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4122577600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		600 MAYER ST
		CITY:			BRIDGEVILLE
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			15017

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-004340.txt : 20230224

10-K
 1
 usap-20221231.htm
 10-K

10-K 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, DC 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 	ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the Fiscal Year Ended 
 OR 
 	TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 Commission File Number 

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (IRS Employer Identification No.) 

, , 

(Address of principal executive offices, including zip code) 
 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of Each Class 
 Trading Symbol 
 Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: [None] 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data file required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
 
 Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant on June 30, 2022, based on the closing price of 7.40 per share on that date, was approximately . For the purposes of this disclosure only, the registrant has assumed that its directors and executive officers are the affiliates of the registrant. The registrant has made no determination that such persons are affiliates within the meaning of Rule 405 under the Securities Act of 1933. 
 As of February 1, 2023, there were shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding. 

INDEX 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 
 1 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 
 5 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 11 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 
 11 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 11 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 11 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 12 

Item 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 
 12 

Item 7. 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 13 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 
 22 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 23 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 47 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 47 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 
 47 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 47 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 48 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 48 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 48 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 49 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 49 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 50 

Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 

i 
 
 PART I 
 CAUTIONARY STATEMENT FOR PURPOSES OF THE SAFE HARBOR PROVISIONS OF THE PRIVATE SECURITIES LITIGATION REFORM ACT OF 1995 
 The statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K Form 10-K of Universal Stainless Alloy Products, Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries (collectively, we, us, our, or the Company ), including, but not limited to, the statements contained in Item 1, Business , and Item 7, Management's Discussion and Analysis of the Financial Condition and Results of Operations, along with statements contained in other reports that we have filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), external documents and oral presentations, which are not historical facts are considered to be forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Act of 1934, as amended. These statements which may be expressed in a variety of ways, including the use of forward looking terminology such as believe, expect, seek, intend, may, will, should, could, potential, continue, estimate, plan, or anticipate, or the negatives thereof, other variations thereon or compatible terminology, relate to, among other things, statements regarding future growth, cost savings, expanded production capacity, broader product lines, greater capacity to meet customer quality reliability, price and delivery needs, enhanced competitive posture, and the effect of new accounting pronouncements. We do not undertake any obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements. 
 These forward-looking statements, and any forward looking statements contained in other public disclosures of the Company which make reference to the cautionary factors contained in this Form 10-K, are based on assumptions that involve risks and uncertainties and are subject to change based on the considerations described below. We discuss many of these risks and uncertainties in greater detail in Item 1A, Risk Factors , of this Form 10-K. These and other risks and uncertainties may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from anticipated future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. 

ITEM 1.	 BUSINESS 
 Universal Stainless Alloy Products, Inc., which was incorporated in 1994, and its wholly-owned subsidiaries, manufacture and market semi-finished and finished specialty steel products, including stainless steel, nickel alloys, tool steel and certain other premium alloyed steels. Our manufacturing process involves melting, remelting, heat treating, hot and cold rolling, forging, machining and cold drawing of semi-finished and finished specialty steels. Our products are sold to service centers, forgers, rerollers and original equipment manufacturers OEMs ). Our customers further process our products for use in a variety of industries, including the aerospace, power generation, oil and gas, heavy equipment and general industrial markets. We also perform conversion services on materials supplied by customers. 
 We operate in four locations: Bridgeville and Titusville, Pennsylvania; Dunkirk, New York; and North Jackson, Ohio. Our corporate headquarters is located at our Bridgeville location. We operate these four manufacturing locations as one business segment. 
 We produce a wide variety of specialty steel grades using several manufacturing processes including vacuum induction melting VIM ), vacuum-arc remelting VAR ), electro-slag remelting ESR and argon oxygen decarburization AOD ). At our Bridgeville and North Jackson facilities, we produce specialty steel products in the form of semi-finished and finished long products (ingots, billets and bars). In addition, the Bridgeville facility produces flat rolled products (slabs and plates). Semi-finished long products are primarily used by our Dunkirk facility and certain customers to produce finished bar and rod. Finished bar products that we manufacture are primarily used by OEMs and by service center customers for distribution to a variety of end users. We also produce customized shapes primarily for OEMs that are cold rolled from purchased coiled strip, flat bar or extruded bar at our precision rolled products department, located at our Titusville facility. 
 We make strategic investments in our business and capabilities over time to support our growth initiatives and improve the efficiency of our operations. This includes the installation of a new vacuum arc remelt furnace and an 18-ton crucible for our vacuum induction melting operation at our North Jackson facility in 2021 and our remelt facility expansion at the same facility that began in 2022. These investments expand our premium alloy production capabilities and reduce our costs. 
 INDUSTRY OVERVIEW 
 The specialty steel industry is a distinct segment of the overall steel industry. Specialty steels include stainless steels, nickel alloys, tool steels, electrical steels, high-temperature alloys, magnetic alloys and electronic alloys. Specialty steels are made with a high alloy content, suitable for use in environments that demand exceptional hardness, toughness, strength and resistance to heat, corrosion or abrasion, or combinations thereof. Specialty steels generally must conform to more demanding customer specifications for consistency, straightness and surface finish than carbon steels. For each of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, approximately 60-70 of our net sales were derived from stainless steel products. 
 1 
 
 We primarily manufacture our products in response to customer orders and within the following product lines: 
 Stainless Steel. Stainless steel, which represents the largest part of the specialty steel market, contains elements such as nickel, chrome and molybdenum that give it the unique qualities of high strength, good wear characteristics, natural attractiveness, ease of maintenance and resistance to corrosion and heat. Stainless steel is used, among other applications, in the aerospace, oil and gas, power generation and automotive industries, as well as in the manufacturing of equipment for food handling, health and medical, chemical processing and pollution control. 
 High-Strength Low Alloy Steel. High-strength low alloy steel is a relative term that refers to those steels that maintain alloying elements that range in versatility. The alloy elements of nickel, chrome and molybdenum in such steels typically exceeds the alloy element of carbon steels but not that of high-temperature alloy steel. High-strength low alloy steels are manufactured for use generally in the aerospace industry. 
 Tool Steel. Tool steels contain elements of chrome, vanadium and molybdenum to produce specific hardness characteristics that enable tool steels to form, cut, shape and shear other materials in the manufacturing process. Heating and cooling at precise rates in the heat-treating process bring out these hardness characteristics. Tool steels are utilized in the manufacturing of metals, plastics, paper and aluminum extrusions, pharmaceuticals, electronics and optics. 
 High-Temperature Alloy Steel. These steels are designed to meet critical requirements of heat resistance and structural integrity. They generally have very high nickel content relative to other types of specialty steels. High-temperature alloy steels are manufactured for use generally in the aerospace industry. 
 
 RAW MATERIALS AND SUPPLIES 
 We depend on the delivery of key raw materials for our day-to-day melting operations. These key raw materials are carbon and stainless scrap metal and alloys, primarily consisting of nickel, chrome, molybdenum, vanadium and copper. Scrap metal is primarily generated by industrial sources and is purchased through a number of scrap brokers and processors. We also recycle scrap metal generated from our own production operations as a source of metal for our melt shops. Alloys are generally purchased from domestic agents and primarily originate in North America, Australia, China, South America and South Africa. 
 Our Bridgeville and North Jackson facilities also supply semi-finished specialty steel products as starting materials to our other operating facilities. Semi-finished specialty steel starting materials, which we cannot produce at a competitive cost, are purchased from other suppliers. We generally purchase these starting materials from steel strip coil suppliers, extruders, flat rolled producers and service centers. We believe that adequate supplies of starting material will continue to be available. 
 The cost of raw materials represents approximately 35 -40 of the cost of products sold in each of 2022, 2021 and 2020. Raw material costs can be impacted by significant price changes. Raw material prices vary based on numerous factors, including quality, and are subject to frequent market fluctuations. The average price of substantially all our major raw materials increased for 2021 compared to 2020, and also increased for 2022 compared to 2021; however, prices generally decreased in the second half of 2022 after reaching highs in April 2022. Future raw material prices cannot be predicted with any degree of certainty. We do not maintain any fixed-price long-term agreements with any of our raw material suppliers. 
 We apply a raw material surcharge in our pricing to align our pricing with fluctuations in commodity costs. Most orders apply the raw material surcharge in effect at the time of shipment to align the selling price with commodity costs. Some shorter lead time orders embed the surcharge into the price at the time of order entry. Surcharges are published on our website, and can fluctuate by month in line with commodity cost changes. Over time, our surcharge will effectively offset changes in raw material costs; however, during a period of rising or falling prices the timing will cause variation between reporting periods. 
 CUSTOMERS 
 Our largest customer accounted for approximately 21 , 19 and 23 of our net sales for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. One additional customer accounted for approximately 18 of our sales during 2022, and a third customer accounted for approximately 10 of our sales during 2021. 
 International sales approximated 5 of annual sales in 2022 and 7 of our annual net sales in each of 2021 and 2020. 
 BACKLOG 
 Our backlog of orders (excluding surcharges) on hand as of December 31, 2022 was approximately 287.9 million compared to approximately 134.5 million at December 31, 2021. The majority of these orders are scheduled to ship during 2023. Our 
 2 
 
 backlog may not be indicative of actual sales because certain surcharges are not determinable until the order is shipped to the customer and, therefore, cannot be used as a direct measure of future revenue. 
 COMPETITION 
 Competition in our markets is based upon product quality, delivery capability, customer service, customer approval and price. Maintaining high standards of product quality, while responding quickly to customer needs and keeping production costs at competitive levels, is essential to our ability to compete in these markets. 
 We believe that there are several companies that manufacture one or more similar specialty steel products that are significant competitors. There are a few smaller producing companies and material converters that are also considered to be competitors. 
 High import penetration of specialty steel products, especially stainless and tool steels, also impacts the competitive nature within the United States. Unfair pricing practices by foreign producers have resulted in high import penetration into the U.S. markets in which we participate. 
 HUMAN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT 
 Employee Relations 
 We consider the maintenance of good relations with our employees to be important to the successful conduct of our business. We have profit-sharing plans for certain salaried and hourly employees and for all of our employees represented by United Steelworkers (the USW and have equity ownership programs for all of our eligible employees, in an effort to forge an alliance between our employees interests and those of our stockholders. At December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we had 622, 558 and 566 employees, respectively, of which 475, 421 and 430, respectively, were USW members. 
 Collective Bargaining Agreements 
 Our Bridgeville, Titusville, Dunkirk and North Jackson facilities recognize the USW as the exclusive representative for their hourly employees with respect to the terms and conditions of their employment. The following collective bargaining agreements are currently in place: 

Facility 
 
 Commencement Date 
 
 Expiration Date 

Bridgeville 
 
 September 2018 
 
 August 2023 

North Jackson 
 
 July 2018 
 
 June 2024 

Dunkirk 
 
 November 2022 
 
 October 2025 

Titusville 
 
 October 2020 
 
 September 2025 

We believe a critical component of our collective bargaining agreements is the inclusion of a profit sharing plan. 
 Employee Benefit Plans 
 We maintain a 401(k) retirement plan for our hourly and salaried employees. Pursuant to the 401(k) plan, participants may elect to make pre-tax and after-tax contributions, subject to certain limitations imposed under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. In addition, we make periodic contributions to the 401(k) plan for the hourly employees employed at the North Jackson, Dunkirk and Titusville facilities, based on service. In addition, we make periodic contributions for the salaried employees at all locations based upon their service and their individual contribution to the 401(k) retirement plan. 
 We participate in the Steelworkers Pension Trust (the Trust ), a multi-employer defined-benefit pension plan that is open to all hourly and salaried employees associated with the Bridgeville facility. We make periodic contributions to the Trust based on hours worked at a fixed rate for each hourly employee and a fixed monthly contribution on behalf of each salaried employee. 
 We also provide group life and health insurance plans for our hourly and salary employees. 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 Under the Amended and Restated 1996 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as amended (the Plan ), the Company is authorized to issue up to 400,000 shares of common stock to its full-time employees, nearly all of whom are eligible to participate. Under the terms of the Plan, employees can choose as of January 1 and July 1 of each year to have up to 10 of their total earnings withheld to purchase up to 100 shares of our common stock each six-month period. The purchase price of the stock is 85 of the lower of its beginning-of-the-period or end-of-the-period market prices. At December 31, 2022, we have issued 315,624 shares of common stock since the Plan s inception. 
 3 
 
 Employee Safety 
 COVID-19 emerged near the beginning of 2020, bringing significant uncertainty in our end markets. Recognizing the potential for disruption in our operations, we began to deploy safety protocols and processes beginning in the March 2020 timeframe to help keep our employees safe while continuing to serve our customer base. The safety protocols in place have been in line with state and CDC recommendations and Occupational Safety and Health Administration OSHA requirements such as face coverings, physical distancing, temperature checks, work from home where applicable, enhanced cleaning, encouraging self-health checks, contact tracing and quarantining, as applicable. 
 The safety of our employees is a paramount concern in managing our operations. We strive to minimize workplace injuries as much as possible and to provide a safe, open and accountable work environment for our employees. The period 2020 through 2022 represents the three years with the fewest OSHA recordable cases in Company history. 
 We encourage employees to provide feedback, ask questions and report concerns related to ethics or safety violations. We take employee concerns seriously and evaluate appropriate actions in response. 
 Employee Inclusion 
 We are an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants for positions with the Company receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status. We strive to provide an equitable and inclusive environment for all our employees. We are committed to achieving representation across all levels of our workforce that reflects the diversity of the communities in which we live and work. 
 GOVERNMENT REGULATIONS 
 We are subject to federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations (collectively, Environmental Laws ), including those governing discharges of pollutants into the air and water, and the generation, handling and disposal of hazardous and non-hazardous substances. We monitor our compliance with applicable Environmental Laws and, accordingly, believe that we are currently in compliance with all laws and regulations in all material respects. We are subject periodically to environmental compliance reviews by various regulatory offices. We may be liable for the remediation of contamination associated with generation, handling and disposal activities. Environmental costs could be incurred, which may be significant, related to environmental compliance, at any time or from time to time in the future. In the ordinary course of business, we are also subject to government regulations including those enforced by OSHA. 
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 
 The following table sets forth, as of February 24, 2023, certain information with respect to the executive officers of the Company: 

Name (Age) 
 
 Executive Officer Since 
 
 Position 

Dennis M. Oates (70) 
 
 2008 
 
 Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Christopher M. Zimmer (49) 
 
 2010 
 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer 

Graham McIntosh, Ph.D. (60) 
 
 2015 
 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Technology Officer 

John J. Arminas (51) 
 
 2020 
 
 Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary 

Wendel L. Crosby (51) 
 
 2021 
 
 Vice President of Manufacturing 

Steven V. DiTommaso (36) 
 
 2022 
 
 Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Dennis M. Oates has been President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company since 2008. Mr. Oates was named to the Company s Board of Directors in 2007. Mr. Oates previously served as Senior Vice President of the Specialty Alloys Operations of Carpenter Technology Corporation from 2003 to 2007. Mr. Oates also served as President and Chief Executive Officer of TW Metals, Inc. from 1998 to 2003. In 2010, the Board of Directors elected Mr. Oates to the additional position of Chairman. 
 Christopher M. Zimmer has been Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer since 2014. Mr. Zimmer served as Vice President of Sales and Marketing from 2008 to 2014. Mr. Zimmer previously served as Vice President of Sales and Marketing for Schmoltz+Bickenbach USA from 1995 to 2008. He previously held positions of increasing responsibility including inside sales, Commercial Manager stainless bar, General Manager nickel alloy products, and National Sales Manager. 
 Graham McIntosh, Ph.D. has been Executive Vice President and Chief Technology Officer since May 2018. Dr. McIntosh also served as the Company s Vice President and Chief Technology Officer from 2013 until May 2018. Dr. McIntosh previously served as Director of Global Technology Initiatives for Carpenter Technology Corporation where he joined in 2008. Dr. McIntosh also served as Vice President of Technology and Director of Quality for Firth Rixson Viking from 2001 
 4 
 
 to 2008, and also held several management and technical positions at Wyman-Gordon Livingston from 1987 to 2001, where he began his career. 
 John J. Arminas has been Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary for the Company since April 2020. Mr. Arminas also served as the Company s Corporate Counsel from 2013 until April 2020. Prior to his tenure at the Company, Mr. Arminas served as an attorney for the Law Firm of Goldberg, Kamin Garvin from 2004 to 2013. 
 Wendel L. Crosby has been Vice President of Manufacturing of the Company since April 2019. Mr. Crosby also served as General Manager for the Company s Dunkirk and Titusville facilities from 2014 until April 2019. Prior to his tenure at the Company, Mr. Crosby served as Area Operations Manager for Precision Castparts Corp. from 2012 to 2014. Prior to that, Mr. Crosby served as the Director of Finishing for Columbus Steel Castings from 2010 to 2012. Mr. Crosby also served as Finishing Value Stream Manager from 2004 to 2011 and Program Manager from 2007 to 2010 for Columbus Steel Castings. Mr. Crosby is a former member of the United States Army and is a combat war veteran. 
 Steven V. DiTommaso was appointed Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company in April 2022. Previously, Mr. DiTommaso served as Corporate Controller of the Company since 2018. Prior to his tenure at the Company, Mr. DiTommaso served as Director of Accounting at Thorley Industries, LLC from 2016 to 2018, and in roles of increasing responsibility in the audit and assurance practice at PricewaterhouseCoopers from 2008 to 2016. He is a Certified Public Accountant. 
 PATENTS AND TRADEMARKS 
 We do not consider our business to be materially dependent on patent or trademark protection, and believe we own or maintain effective licenses covering all the intellectual property used in our business. We benefit from our proprietary rights relating to designs, engineering and manufacturing processes and procedures. We seek to protect our proprietary information by use of confidentiality and non-competition agreements with certain employees. 
 AVAILABLE INFORMATION 
 Our common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the USAP ticker symbol. Copies of our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments to those reports, as well as proxy and information statements that we file with the SEC, are available on our website at www.univstainless.com as soon as reasonably practicable after such reports are filed with the SEC. The contents of our website are not part of this Form 10-K. Copies of these documents will be available to any shareholder upon request. Requests should be directed in writing to Investor Relations at 600 Mayer Street, Bridgeville, PA 15017. The SEC maintains a website at www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers, like us, that file electronically with the SEC. 

ITEM 1A.	RI SK FACTORS 
 We wish to caution each reader of this Form 10-K to consider the following factors and other factors discussed herein and in other past reports, including but not limited to prior year Form 10-K and Form 10-Q reports filed with the SEC. Our business and results of operations could be materially affected by any of the following risks. The factors discussed herein are not exhaustive. Therefore, the factors contained herein should be read together with other reports that we file with the SEC from time to time, which may supplement, modify, supersede, or update the factors listed in this document. 
 Macroeconomic Risks 
 Our business and operations, and the operations of our customers and suppliers, have been adversely impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 The outbreak of COVID-19 was declared by the World Health Organization to be a pandemic and spread across the world, including the United States and many countries where the Company sells its products or sources raw materials. Our operations and financial performance have been negatively impacted by the pandemic, which caused a global slowdown of economic activity and is expected to continue to cause disruptions in global supply chains, volatility and disruption of financial markets from time to time and other potentially adverse consequences on our operations and financial position. 
 Because the severity, magnitude and duration of the impact of COVID-19 and its future economic consequences are unknown, its impact on our future operations and financial performance cannot be fully determined. The ultimate impact of COVID-19 on our operations and financial performance depends on many factors that are not within our control, including, but not limited to, governmental, business and individuals actions that have been and continue to be taken in response to the 
 5 
 
 pandemic (including restrictions on travel and transport and workforce pressures) the impact of outbreaks of new strains of COVID-19 and actions taken in response on global and regional economies, travel and economic activity general economic uncertainty in key global markets and financial market volatility global economic conditions and levels of economic growth commodity prices; and vaccination activities. 
 We continue to experience adverse impacts on our business due to COVID-19, including lower productivity from cases in our employees, and global supply chain disruption. As the impact of COVID-19 on the economy and our operations evolves, we will continue to assess our liquidity position in relation to our anticipated future liquidity needs. Under the terms of our Credit Agreement (as defined below), our borrowing availability is based on eligible accounts receivable and inventory, which have been impacted and will continue to be impacted by the challenging economic environment discussed herein. Additionally, conditions in the financial and credit markets also may limit the availability of funding or increase the cost of funding, which could adversely affect our business, financial position and results of operations. 
 We are a smaller reporting company, and the reduced reporting requirements applicable to smaller reporting companies may make our Common Stock less attractive to investors. 
 We are a smaller reporting company as defined in Section 12 of the Exchange Act. For as long as we continue to be a smaller reporting company, we may take advantage of exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to public companies that are not smaller reporting companies, such as reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our annual and periodic reports and proxy statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company as long as (i) our public float remains less than 250 million or (ii) our annual revenues are less than 100 million and we either have no public float, or our public float is less than 700 million. Public float is measured for this purpose as of the last business day of our most recently-completed second fiscal quarter, and annual revenues are measured as of the most recently completed fiscal year for which audited financial statements are available. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock, and our stock price may be more volatile. 
 We are subject to risks associated with global economic and market factors. 
 Our results of operations are affected directly by the level of business activity of our customers and our suppliers, which in turn is affected by global economic and market factors, including health epidemics, impacting the industries and markets that we participate in. We are susceptible to macroeconomic downturns in the United States and abroad that may affect the general economic climate, our performance and the demand of our customers. We may face significant challenges if conditions in the financial markets deteriorate. There can be no assurance that global economic and market conditions will not adversely impact our results of operations, cash flow or financial position in the future. 
 Existing free trade laws and regulations, such as the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement, provide certain beneficial duties and tariffs for qualifying imports and exports, subject to compliance with the applicable classification and other requirements. Changes in laws or policies governing the terms of foreign trade, and in particularly increased trade restrictions, tariffs or taxes on imports from countries where we sell products or purchase materials could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. Given the uncertainty regarding the scope and duration of current, proposed, or future imposed tariffs, we can provide no assurance that any strategies we implement to mitigate the impact of such tariffs on the Company will be successful. 
 Commercial Risks 
 A substantial amount of our sales is derived from a limited number of customers. 
 Our five largest customers in the aggregate accounted for approximately 58 of net sales for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 47 of our net sales for each of the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. An adverse change in, or termination of, the relationship with one or more of our customers or market segments could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 Our business is very competitive, and increased competition could reduce our sales. 
 We compete with domestic and foreign producers of specialty steel products. In addition, many of the finished products sold by our customers are in direct competition with finished products manufactured by foreign sources, which may affect the demand for those customers products. Any competitive factors that adversely affect the market for finished products manufactured by us or our customers could indirectly adversely affect the demand for our semi-finished products. Additionally, our products compete with products fashioned from alternative materials such as aluminum, composites and plastics, the production of which includes domestic and foreign enterprises. Competition in our field is intense and is 
 6 
 
 expected to continue to be so in the foreseeable future. A majority of our business is not covered under long term supply contracts. There can be no assurance that we will be able to compete successfully in the future. 
 The demand for our products may be cyclical. 
 Demand for our products from our customers can be cyclical in nature and sensitive to various factors, including demand, production schedules and other conditions in each of our end markets, fluctuations in inventory levels throughout the supply chain, and general macroeconomic conditions. A significant adverse change in demand for any reason could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 A substantial amount of our sales is derived from the aerospace industry. 
 Approximately 68 of our sales represented products sold to customers in the aerospace market in 2022. The aerospace market is historically cyclical due to both external and internal market factors. These factors include general economic conditions, supply chain fluctuations, diminished credit availability, airline profitability, demand for air travel, age of fleets, varying fuel and labor costs, price competition, new technology development and international and domestic political conditions such as military conflict and the threat of terrorism. The length and degree of cyclical fluctuation can be influenced by any one or a combination of these factors and therefore are difficult to predict with certainty. 
 A prolonged downturn in the aerospace industry would adversely affect the demand for our products and/or the prices at which we are able to sell our products, and our results of operations, business and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. The continued market uncertainty regarding the continuing impacts of COVID-19 on the aerospace business, has and could continue to adversely impact our results. 
 Our business may be harmed by failure to develop, commercialize, market and sell new applications and new products. 
 We believe that our alloys and metallurgical manufacturing expertise provide us with a competitive advantage over other high-performance alloy producers. Our ability to maintain this competitive advantage depends on our ability to continue to offer products that have equal or better performance characteristics than competing products at competitive prices. Our future growth will depend, in part, on our ability to develop, commercialize and sell new products. If we are not successful in these efforts, or if our new products and product enhancements do not adequately meet the requirements of the marketplace and achieve market acceptance, our business could be adversely affected. 
 Our business requires continuing efforts to obtain new customer approvals on existing products and applications, which is a stringent, difficult process subject to each customer s varying approval methodology and preferences. If we are not successful in these efforts, our business could be adversely affected. 
 We believe that our international sales and purchases are associated with various risks. 
 We conduct business with suppliers and customers in foreign countries which exposes us to risks associated with international business activities, including effects of the United Kingdom s withdrawal from membership in the European Union (referred to as Brexit ). We could be significantly impacted by these risks, which include the potential for volatile economic and labor conditions, political instability, collecting accounts receivable and exchange rate fluctuations (which may affect sales revenue to international customers and the margins on international sales when converted into U.S. dollars). 
 International sales approximated 5 of annual sales in 2022, and 7 of annual net sales in 2021 and 2020. An immaterial portion of the international sales are denominated in foreign currencies. 
 7 
 
 Financial Risks 
 Our business may be harmed if we are unable to meet our debt service requirements or the covenants in our Credit Agreement, or if interest rates increase. 
 We have debt upon which we are required to make scheduled interest and principal payments, and we may incur additional debt in the future. A significant portion of our debt bears interest at variable rates that may increase in the future. A significant increase in interest rates or disruption in the global financial markets may affect our ability to obtain financing or to refinance existing debt on acceptable terms, if at all, and could increase the cost of our borrowings. 
 Our ability to satisfy our debt obligations will depend upon our future operating performance, which will be affected by prevailing economic conditions in the markets that we serve and financial, business and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash to service our debt or if interest rates increase, our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. Our Credit Agreement, which provides for a 105.0 million senior secured revolving credit facility and a 15.0 million senior secured term loan facility, also requires us to comply with certain covenants. Failure to comply with the covenants contained in the Credit Agreement could result in a default, which, if not waived by our lenders, could substantially increase our borrowing costs and result in acceleration of our debt. As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with the applicable covenants in our Credit Agreement. 
 Changes in tax rules and regulations, or interpretations thereof, may adversely affect our effective tax rates. 
 We are a U.S. based company with customers and suppliers in foreign countries. We import various raw materials used in our production processes and we export goods to our foreign customers. The United States, the European Commission, countries in the European Union and other countries where we do business have implemented and may consider further changes in relevant tax, border tax, accounting and other laws, regulations and interpretations, that may unfavorably impact our effective tax rate or result in other costs to us. 
 Our ability to recognize tax benefits on our existing net operating loss positions may be limited. 
 We have generated meaningful net operating loss carryforwards, tax credit carryforwards and other tax attributes (collectively, the Tax Benefits ), which potentially can be utilized in certain circumstances to reduce our future income tax obligations. As of December 31, 2022, we had estimated U.S. federal net operating losses of approximately 25.8 million, state net operating losses of approximately 11.0 million, U.S. federal tax credit carryforwards of approximately 7.0 million and state tax credit carryforwards of approximately 0.4 million. Our ability to use our Tax Benefits would be substantially limited if we were to experience an ownership change, as defined under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code (the Tax Code ). In general, a corporation would experience an ownership change if the percentage of the corporation s stock owned by one or more 5 shareholders, as defined under Section 382 of the Tax Code, increases by more than 50 percentage points over their lowest ownership percentage within a rolling three-year period. On August 24, 2020, our Board of Directors adopted a Tax Benefits Preservation Plan (the Rights Agreement designed to protect the availability of our Tax Benefits and the Rights Agreement was ratified by our shareholders on May 5, 2021. The Rights Agreement contains an ownership trigger threshold of 4.95 and reduces the likelihood that changes in our investor base would limit our future use of our Tax Benefits, which would significantly impair the value of such Tax Benefits. However, there is no guarantee that the Rights Agreement will be effective in protecting our Tax Benefits. Further, if we continue to be unable to generate sufficient taxable income, these Tax Benefits may expire unutilized, and we may not be able to recognize the benefits that could arise from such Tax Benefits. 
 Human Capital Risks 
 Our business depends largely on our ability to attract and retain key personnel. 
 We depend on the continued service, availability and ability to attract skilled personnel, including members of our executive management team, other management positions, and metallurgists, along with maintenance and production positions at various levels. Our inability to attract and retain such people may adversely impact our ability to fill existing roles and support growth. Attraction and retention of qualified personnel remains challenging as the labor market remains tight. 
 Further, the loss of key personnel could adversely affect our ability to perform until suitable replacements can be found. 
 Our business may be harmed by strikes or work stoppages. 
 At December 31, 2022, we had 475 employees, out of a total of 622, who were covered under collective bargaining agreements with the USW expiring at various dates in 2023 to 2025. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in 
 8 
 
 timely concluding collective bargaining agreements with the USW to succeed the agreements that expire, in which case, we may experience strikes or work stoppages that may have a material adverse impact on our results of operations. 
 Costs related to our participation in a multi-employer pension plan could increase significantly. 
 We participate in the Trust, a multi-employer defined-benefit pension plan. We make contributions to the Trust with respect to all hourly and salaried employees associated with our Bridgeville facility. The trustees of the Trust have provided us with the latest data available for the year ended December 31, 2021. As of that date, the Trust is not fully funded. Our contribution rates could increase if the Trust is required to adopt a funding improvement plan or a rehabilitation plan as a result of funding deficiencies in excess of specified levels, which may be due to poor performance of Trust investments or other factors, or as a result of future wage and benefit agreements. In addition, if we choose to stop participating in the Trust, our contributions to the Trust decline or the Trust is terminated, we may be required to pay the Trust an amount based on the underfunded status of the Trust, referred to as a withdrawal liability. Changes to any of these factors could negatively impact our future results of operations and cash flows to a material extent. 
 Operational Risks 
 Our business is subject to stringent environmental, health and safety regulations which may result in significant liabilities and/or costs to maintain compliance. 
 Our operations and properties are subject to extensive and varied federal, state, local and international laws and regulations relating to public health, the environment, pollution, and occupational safety and health. We have used, and currently use and manufacture, substances that are considered hazardous or toxic under worker safety and health laws and regulations. We take measures to control or eliminate the continuing risk associated with the environmental, health and safety issues, however we could incur substantial fines and civil or criminal sanctions, cleanup costs, compliance investments and third-party property or injury claims as a result of violations, or non-compliance related to these regulations affecting our facilities and operations. 
 We are dependent on the availability and price of raw materials and operating supplies. 
 We purchase carbon and stainless scrap metal and alloy additives, principally nickel, chrome, vanadium, molybdenum, manganese and copper, for our melting operation. A portion of the alloy additives is available only from foreign sources, some of which are located in countries that may be subject to unstable political and economic conditions. Those conditions, or other conditions that impact the availability of our key raw materials and operating supplies, might disrupt supplies or affect the prices of the raw materials. We maintain sales price surcharges on our products to help offset the impact of raw material price fluctuations. 
 We do not maintain long-term fixed-price supply agreements with any of our raw material suppliers. If our supply of raw materials were interrupted, we might not be able to obtain sufficient quantities of raw materials or obtain sufficient quantities of such materials at satisfactory prices, which, in either case, could adversely affect our results of operations. In addition, significant volatility in the price of our principal raw materials could adversely affect our financial results and there can be no assurance that the raw material surcharge mechanism employed by us will completely offset immediate changes in our raw material costs in a given period. 
 Our production processes also require consumable operating supplies. Significant volatility in the price of our consumable operating supplies could adversely affect our financial results. 
 Our business requires substantial amounts of energy. 
 The manufacturing of specialty steel is an energy-intensive process and requires the ready availability of substantial amounts of electricity and natural gas, for which we negotiate competitive supply agreements. While we believe that our energy agreements allow us to compete effectively within the specialty steel industry, the potential for increased costs exists during periods of high demand or supply disruptions. We have a sales price surcharge to help offset the cost fluctuations. 
 Our business may be harmed by failures on critical manufacturing equipment. 
 Our manufacturing processes are dependent upon certain critical pieces of specialty steel making equipment, including our 50-ton electric-arc furnace and AOD vessel, our ESR, VIM and VAR furnaces, our radial hydraulic forge and our universal rolling mill. In the event a critical piece of equipment should become inoperative as a result of unexpected equipment failure, there can be no assurance that our operations would not be substantially curtailed, which may have a negative effect on our financial results. 
 9 
 
 Our business subjects us to risk of litigation claims, as a routine matter, and this risk increases the potential for a loss that might not be covered by insurance. 
 Litigation claims may relate to the conduct of our business, including claims relating to product liability, commercial disputes, employment actions, employee benefits, compliance with domestic and federal laws and personal injury. Due to the uncertainties of litigation, we might not prevail on claims made against us in the lawsuits that we currently face, and additional claims may be made against us in the future. The outcome of litigation cannot be predicted with certainty, and some of these lawsuits, claims or proceedings may be determined adversely to us. The resolution in any reporting period of one or more of these matters could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 If we are unable to protect our information technology infrastructure against service interruptions, data corruption, cyber-based attacks or network security breaches, our operations could be disrupted. 
 We rely on information technology networks and systems to manage and support a variety of business activities, including procurement and supply chain, engineering support, and manufacturing. Our information technology systems, some of which are managed by third-parties, may be susceptible to the inability to continue to receive software updates and contractual vendor support, damage, disruptions or shutdown due to failures during the process of upgrading or replacing software, databases or components thereof, power outages, hardware failures, computer viruses, attacks by computer hackers, telecommunications failures, user errors or catastrophic events. In addition, security breaches could result in unauthorized disclosures of confidential information. If our information technology systems suffer severe damage, disruption or shutdown and our business continuity plans do not effectively resolve the issues in a timely manner, our manufacturing process could be disrupted resulting in late deliveries or even no deliveries if there is a total shutdown. 
 10 
 
 ITEM 1B.	UNRESOLVE D STAFF COMMENTS 
 None. 
 ITEM 2.	P ROPERTIES 
 We own our Bridgeville, Pennsylvania facility, which consists of approximately 800,000 square feet of floor space and our executive offices on approximately 77 acres. The Bridgeville facility contains melting, remelting, conditioning, rolling, annealing, testing and various other processing equipment. Substantially all products shipped from the Bridgeville facility are processed through its melt shop and universal rolling mill operations. 
 We own our North Jackson, Ohio facility, which consists of approximately 257,000 square feet of floor space on approximately 110 acres. The North Jackson facility contains melting, remelting, forging, annealing and various other processing operations. Our obligations under our Credit Agreement, which is more fully described under Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Liquidity and Capital Resources, are collateralized by a first lien on our real property in North Jackson, Ohio. 
 We own our Dunkirk, New York facility, which consists of approximately 680,000 square feet of floor space on approximately 81 acres. The Dunkirk facility processes semi-finished billet and bar stock through one or more of its five rolling mills, a high temperature annealing facility and/or its round and shape bar finishing and testing equipment. 
 We own our Titusville, Pennsylvania facility, which consists of seven buildings on approximately 10 acres, including two principal buildings of approximately 265,000 square feet in total area. The Titusville facility contains five VAR furnaces and various rolling and finishing equipment. 
 Specialty steel production is a capital-intensive industry. We believe that our facilities and equipment are suitable for our present manufacturing needs. We believe, however, that we will continue to require capital from time to time to add new equipment and to repair or replace our existing equipment to remain competitive and to enable us to manufacture quality products and provide delivery and other support service assurances to our customers. 
 ITEM 3.	LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 Information regarding the Company s legal proceedings and other commitments and contingencies is set forth in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 14, which is incorporated by reference into this Item 3. 
 ITEM 4.	MINE SAF ETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 
 11 
 
 PART II 
 ITEM 5.	MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED S TOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 At December 31, 2022, a total of 9,049,748 shares of common stock, par value 0.001 per share, were issued and held by 89 holders of record. There were no shares of the issued common stock held in treasury at December 31, 2022. Our common stock trades under the symbol USAP on the Nasdaq Global Select Market. 
 DIVIDENDS 
 We have never paid a cash dividend on our common stock. Our Credit Agreement does not permit the payment of cash dividends on our common stock. Accordingly, we do not expect to pay a cash dividend on our common stock in the near future. 
 
 ITEM 6.	SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 
 
 Not applicable 
 
 12 
 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following Management Discussion and Analysis MD A is intended to help the reader understand the consolidated results of operations and financial condition of Universal Stainless Alloy Products, Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries (collectively, we, us, our, or the Company ). This MD A should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes included in this Form 10-K. When reviewing the discussion, you should keep in mind the substantial risks and uncertainties that characterize our business. In particular, we encourage you to review the risk and uncertainties described under Item 1A Risk Factors, of this Form 10-K. These risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ materially from those forecasted in forward-looking statements or implied by past results and trends. Forward-looking statements are statements that attempt to project or anticipate future developments in our business; we encourage you to review the discussion of forward-looking statements under Cautionary Statement for Purposes of the Safe Harbor Provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, at the beginning of this report. These statements, like all statements in this report, speak only as of the date of this report (unless another date is indicated), and we undertake no obligation to update or revise the statements in light of future developments. Unless otherwise specified, any reference to a year is to the year ended December 31. 
 Overview 
 We manufacture and market semi-finished and finished specialty steel products, including stainless steel, nickel alloys, tool steel and certain other alloyed steels. Our manufacturing process involves melting, remelting, heat treating, hot and cold rolling, forging, machining and cold drawing of semi-finished and finished specialty steels. Our products are sold to service centers, forgers, rerollers and original equipment manufacturers. Our customers further process our products for use in a variety of industries, including the aerospace, power generation, oil and gas, heavy equipment and general industrial markets. We also perform conversion services on materials supplied by customers. 
 
 Our aerospace end market accounted for approximately 68 of our total net sales in 2022 and will continue to be a major driver of our future results. Sales to our aerospace end market increased 50 compared to 2021. Sales to our power generation, oil gas and general industrial end markets also increased compared to 2021, while sales to our heavy equipment end market decreased. Heavy equipment end market sales can fluctuate due to a variety of factors, including production-line retooling of automobile manufacturers and inventory management by industry service centers, who are our primary direct customers. 
 
 Sales of our premium products increased by nearly 50 in 2022 as well, and totaled 39.2 million for the year. Total Company backlog at the end of 2022 was 287.9 million, a new record level, and premium products represented 35 of the backlog at the end of the year. Our premium products have a higher selling price and higher margins than our other products and are a key component of our growth strategy. 
 
 Our 2022 gross margin was 7.0 of net sales, improved from 5.1 gross margin in 2021. The liquid metal spill that occurred in our Bridgeville, PA melt shop in April 2022 was a significant headwind to our results in the second quarter and throughout the second half of 2022. The spill caused seven weeks of down time at the melt shop, which is the primary melt operation in our product process, and disrupted production throughput for the remainder of the year. The total impact on costs of goods sold in 2022 attributed to the spill was estimated at 5.4 million, which held back our gross margin and earnings improvement versus 2021. 
 During 2022, we made significant progress on a strategic capital investment in our North Jackson, OH facility which expands our remelt capacity for production of premium products, and we used 15 million to grow inventory due to higher prices of our raw material and carrying costs per unit of work in process. Our order backlog and inventory levels as we enter 2023 position us well to take advantage of strong specialty metals demand in our largest end markets. 
 Our operating facilities are integrated, and therefore our chief operating decision maker CODM views the Company as one business unit. Our CODM sets performance goals, assesses performance and makes decisions about resource allocations on a consolidated basis. As a result of these factors, as well as the nature of the financial information available which is reviewed by our CODM, we maintain one reportable segment. 
 COVID-19 Impacts 
 COVID-19 related challenges negatively impacted the efficiency of our operations from 2020 through 2022. These challenges have impacted the Company s backlog, end markets, overall operations, cash flows and financial results, and may continue beyond 2022. The ultimate extent of the effects of COVID-19 on the Company, and the end markets we serve, remains uncertain and will continue to depend on future developments. 
 13 
 
 Results of Operations 
 2022 Results Compared to 2021 

For the years ended December 31, 
 
 2022 
 
 2021 

(dollars in thousands, except per shipped ton information) 

Amount 
 
 of net sales 
 
 Amount 
 
 of net sales 
 
 Dollar Variance 
 
 variance 

Total net sales 

202,114 
 
 100.0 

155,934 
 
 100.0 

46,180 
 
 29.6 

Cost of products sold 

187,927 
 
 93.0 

147,963 
 
 94.9 

39,964 
 
 27.0 

Gross margin 

14,187 
 
 7.0 

7,971 
 
 5.1 

6,216 
 
 78.0 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 

21,180 
 
 10.5 

20,243 
 
 13.0 

937 
 
 4.6 

Operating loss 

(6,993) 
 
 (3.5) 

(12,272) 
 
 (7.9) 

5,279 
 
 43.0 

Interest expense 

4,163 
 
 2.1 

1,989 
 
 1.3 

2,174 
 
 109.3 

Deferred financing amortization 

225 
 
 0.1 

225 
 
 0.1 

- 
 
 - 

Gain on extinguishment of debt 

- 
 
 - 

(10,000) 
 
 (6.4) 

10,000 
 
 NM 

Other income, net 

(684) 
 
 (0.3) 

(445) 
 
 (0.3) 

(239) 
 
 53.7 

Loss before income taxes 

(10,697) 
 
 (5.3) 

(4,041) 
 
 (2.6) 

(6,656) 
 
 164.7 

Benefit from income taxes 

(2,624) 
 
 (1.3) 

(3,283) 
 
 (2.1) 

659 
 
 20.1 

Net loss 

(8,073) 
 
 (4.0) 

(758) 
 
 (0.5) 

(7,315) 
 
 965.0 

Market Segment Information: 

For the years ended December 31, 
 
 2022 
 
 2021 

(dollars in thousands) 

Amount 
 
 of net sales 
 
 Amount 
 
 of net sales 
 
 Dollar variance 
 
 variance 

Net sales: 

Service centers 

144,955 
 
 71.7 

110,404 
 
 70.8 

34,551 
 
 31.3 

Original equipment manufacturers 

17,230 
 
 8.5 

15,011 
 
 9.6 

2,219 
 
 14.8 

Rerollers 

19,824 
 
 9.8 

17,058 
 
 11.0 

2,766 
 
 16.2 

Forgers 

17,568 
 
 8.7 

11,835 
 
 7.6 

5,734 
 
 48.4 

Conversion services and other 

2,537 
 
 1.3 

1,626 
 
 1.0 

911 
 
 56.0 

Total net sales 

202,114 
 
 100.0 

155,934 
 
 100.0 

46,180 
 
 29.6 

Melt Type Information: 

For the years ended December 31, 
 
 2022 
 
 2021 

(dollars in thousands) 

Amount 
 
 of net sales 
 
 Amount 
 
 of net sales 
 
 Dollar variance 
 
 variance 

Net sales: 

Specialty alloys 

160,352 
 
 79.3 

127,885 
 
 82.0 

32,467 
 
 25.4 

Premium alloys 

39,225 
 
 19.4 

26,423 
 
 17.0 

12,802 
 
 48.5 

Conversion services and other 

2,537 
 
 1.3 

1,626 
 
 1.0 

911 
 
 56.0 

Total net sales 

202,114 
 
 100.0 

155,934 
 
 100.0 

46,180 
 
 29.6 

The majority of our products are sold to service centers rather than the ultimate end market customers. The end market information in this Annual Report is our estimate based upon our knowledge of our customers and the grade of material sold to them, which they will in-turn sell to the ultimate end market customer. 
 14 
 
 End Market Information: 

For the years ended December 31, 
 
 2022 
 
 2021 

(dollars in thousands) 

Amount 
 
 of net sales 
 
 Amount 
 
 of net sales 
 
 Dollar variance 
 
 variance 

Net sales: 

Aerospace 

137,489 
 
 68.0 

91,546 
 
 58.7 

45,943 
 
 50.2 

Power generation 

6,117 
 
 3.0 

4,634 
 
 3.0 

1,483 
 
 32.0 

Oil and gas 

17,981 
 
 9.0 

15,107 
 
 9.7 

2,874 
 
 19.0 

Heavy equipment 

27,138 
 
 13.4 

34,010 
 
 21.8 

(6,872) 
 
 (20.2) 

General industrial, conversion services and other 

13,389 
 
 6.6 

10,637 
 
 6.8 

2,752 
 
 25.9 

Total net sales 

202,114 
 
 100.0 

155,934 
 
 100.0 

46,180 
 
 29.6 

Net sales: 
 Net sales for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 46.2 million, or 29.6 , compared to 2021. The increase in our sales is primarily due to an increase in average selling prices. Our average selling prices increased due to our base price increases, higher raw material surcharges, and higher mix of premium products and finished bar products in the current year. 
 Gross margin: 
 Our 2022 gross margin was 7.0 of net sales, improved from 5.1 in 2021. The margin improvement was primarily due to higher activity levels and better operating leverage as we continued to recover from the impacts the COVID-19 pandemic had on our end markets and supply chain. Gross margin in 2022 also included negative impacts of approximately 5.4 million in total from the liquid metal spill that occurred in April 2022 at our Bridgeville, PA facility, partly offset by 3.6 million in total benefit from the Aviation Manufacturing Jobs Program grant we were awarded during the year. 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses: 
 Our selling, general and administrative SG A expenses consist primarily of employee costs including salaries, incentive compensation, payroll taxes and benefit related costs, legal and accounting services, share compensation and insurance costs. Our SG A expenses increased by 0.9 million in 2022 due primarily to an increase in the cost of business insurance. 
 Interest expense and deferred financing amortization: 
 Our interest expense was 4.4 million in 2022 compared to 2.0 million in 2021 due primarily to higher interest rates, as the majority of our debt is variable and fluctuates with market rates, and due partly to higher total average debt balances during the current year. 
 Gain on extinguishment of debt 
 2021 included a book gain of 10.0 million recorded upon receipt of forgiveness of the Company s PPP Term Note (as defined below). 
 Other income: 
 Other income was 0.7 million in 2022 compared to 0.4 million in 2021. The increase was due to a higher gain on insurance recoveries recorded in the current year. The 2022 insurance gain was related to the liquid metal spill that occurred in our Bridgeville, PA melt shop in April 2022. Separate from the insurance gain, gross margin includes approximately a net 5.4 million negative impact in 2022 due to the spill. 
 Benefit from income taxes: 
 Our 2022 income tax benefit is 2.6 million compared to an income tax benefit of 3.3 million in 2021. The decrease in our benefit from income taxes is due to a lower taxable loss in 2022 compared to the prior year, as our 2021 taxable loss does not include the gain on PPP Term Note forgiveness. 
 15 
 
 Net loss: 
 We had a net loss of 8.1 million in 2022 compared to a net loss of 0.8 million in 2021. The main driver of the difference is the PPP Term Note gain in the prior year. After removing the impact of the forgiveness gain, our net loss is improved versus the prior year by approximately 2.7 million. 
 
 2021 Results Compared to 2020 

For the years ended December 31, 
 
 2021 
 
 2020 

(dollars in thousands, except per shipped ton information) 

Amount 
 
 of net sales 
 
 Amount 
 
 of net sales 
 
 Dollar Variance 
 
 variance 

Total net sales 

155,934 
 
 100.0 

179,731 
 
 100.0 

(23,797) 
 
 (13.2) 

Cost of products sold 

147,963 
 
 94.9 

182,387 
 
 101.5 

(34,424) 
 
 (18.9) 

Gross margin 

7,971 
 
 5.1 

(2,656) 
 
 (1.5) 

10,627 
 
 NM 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 
 
 20,243 
 
 13.0 

19,752 
 
 11.0 

491 
 
 2.5 

Operating loss 

(12,272) 
 
 (7.9) 

(22,408) 
 
 (12.5) 

10,136 
 
 45.2 

Interest expense 

1,989 
 
 1.3 

2,784 
 
 1.5 

(795) 
 
 (28.6) 

Deferred financing amortization 

225 
 
 0.1 

225 
 
 0.1 

- 
 
 - 

Gain on extinguishment of debt 

(10,000) 
 
 (6.4) 

- 
 
 - 

(10,000) 
 
 NM 

Other income, net 

(445) 
 
 (0.3) 

(1,123) 
 
 (0.6) 

678 
 
 60.4 

Loss before income taxes 

(4,041) 
 
 (2.6) 

(24,294) 
 
 (13.5) 

20,253 
 
 83.4 

Benefit from income taxes 

(3,283) 
 
 (2.1) 

(5,247) 
 
 (2.9) 

(1,964) 
 
 (37.4) 

Net loss 

(758) 
 
 (0.5) 

(19,047) 
 
 (10.6) 

18,289 
 
 (96.0) 

Market Segment Information: 

For the years ended December 31, 
 
 2021 
 
 2020 

(dollars in thousands) 

Amount 
 
 of net sales 
 
 Amount 
 
 of net sales 
 
 Dollar variance 
 
 variance 

Net sales: 

Service centers 

110,404 
 
 70.8 

126,122 
 
 70.2 

(15,718) 
 
 (12.5) 

Original equipment manufacturers 

15,011 
 
 9.6 

20,783 
 
 11.5 

(5,772) 
 
 (27.8) 

Rerollers 

17,058 
 
 11.0 

15,928 
 
 8.9 

1,130 
 
 7.1 

Forgers 

11,835 
 
 7.6 

14,244 
 
 7.9 

(2,410) 
 
 (16.9) 

Conversion services and other 

1,626 
 
 1.0 

2,654 
 
 1.5 

(1,028) 
 
 (38.7) 

Total net sales 

155,934 
 
 100.0 

179,731 
 
 100.0 

(23,797) 
 
 (13.2) 

16 
 
 Melt Type Information: 

For the years ended December 31, 
 
 2021 
 
 2020 

(dollars in thousands) 

Amount 
 
 of net sales 
 
 Amount 
 
 of net sales 
 
 Dollar variance 
 
 variance 

Net sales: 

Specialty alloys 

127,885 
 
 82.0 

141,838 
 
 78.9 

(13,953) 
 
 (9.8) 

Premium alloys 

26,423 
 
 17.0 

35,239 
 
 19.6 

(8,816) 
 
 (25.0) 

Conversion services and other 

1,626 
 
 1.0 

2,654 
 
 1.5 

(1,028) 
 
 (38.7) 

Total net sales 

155,934 
 
 100.0 

179,731 
 
 100.0 

(23,797) 
 
 (13.2) 

The majority of our products are sold to service centers rather than the ultimate end market customers. The end market information in this Annual Report is our estimate based upon our knowledge of our customers and the grade of material sold to them, which they will in-turn sell to the ultimate end market customer. 
 End Market Information: 

For the years ended December 31, 
 
 2021 
 
 2020 

(dollars in thousands) 

Amount 
 
 of net sales 

Amount 
 
 of net sales 
 
 Dollar variance 
 
 variance 

Net sales: 

Aerospace 

91,546 
 
 58.7 

121,900 
 
 67.8 

(30,354) 
 
 (24.9) 

Power generation 

4,634 
 
 3.0 

6,879 
 
 3.8 

(2,245) 
 
 (32.6) 

Oil and gas 

15,107 
 
 9.7 

13,065 
 
 7.3 

2,042 
 
 15.6 

Heavy equipment 

34,010 
 
 21.8 

22,400 
 
 12.5 

11,610 
 
 51.8 

General industrial, conversion services and other 

10,637 
 
 6.8 

15,487 
 
 8.6 

(4,850) 
 
 (31.3) 

Total net sales 

155,934 
 
 100.0 

179,731 
 
 100.0 

(23,797) 
 
 (13.2) 

Net sales: 
 Net sales for the year ended December 31, 2021 decreased 23.8 million, or 13.2 , compared to 2020. The decrease in our sales is primarily due to a decrease in shipment volume driven by lower business activity as a result of significant challenges facing all our end markets caused primarily by the COVID-19 pandemic. The most significant impact on our business has been the slowdown in the global commercial airline industry, which is the largest driver of the decline in sales for our aerospace end market. Our average selling price also decreased due to a lower mix of premium products in 2021 compared with 2020. 
 
 Gross margin: 
 Our 2021 gross margin was 5.1 of net sales, improved from a negative 1.5 gross margin in 2020. The negative margin in 2020 was primarily due to the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, including direct charges recorded to the Cost of products sold as a result of low activity levels. Although low activity levels continued in 2021, the improvement in gross margin reflects lower plant spending, improvements in our production costs, and increases in activity levels at our facilities during 2021 compared with the second half of 2020. 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses: 
 Our SG A expenses consist primarily of employee costs including salaries, incentive compensation, payroll taxes and benefit related costs, legal and accounting services, share compensation and insurance costs. Our SG A expenses increased by 0.5 million in 2021 due primarily to an increase in accruals for incentive compensation. 
 Interest expense and deferred financing amortization: 
 Our interest expense was 2.0 million in 2021 compared to 2.8 million in 2020 due to lower total average debt balances for the majority of the current year, lower interest rates on our variable rate debt, and payoff of the higher-interest rate notes in the first quarter of 2021. 
 17 

Gain on extinguishment of debt 
 2021 included a book gain of 10.0 million recorded upon receipt of forgiveness of the Company s PPP Term Note (as defined below). 
 Other income: 
 Other income was 0.4 million in 2021 compared to 1.1 million in 2020. The decrease is related to lower insurance recoveries during 2021. 
 Benefit from income taxes: 
 The 2021 income tax benefit is 3.3 million compared to an income tax benefit of 5.2 million in 2020. The difference is primarily due to a lower taxable loss in 2021 compared to the prior year. 
 Net loss: 
 We had a net loss of 0.8 million in 2021 compared to a net loss of 19.0 million in 2020. The decrease in the net loss reflects our better gross margin in 2021, plus the 10.0 million gain recorded on forgiveness of our PPP Term Note. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Historically, we have financed our operations through cash provided by operating activities and borrowings on our credit facilities. At December 31, 2022, we maintained approximately 24 million of remaining availability under our revolving credit facility. We believe that our cash flows from continuing operations, as well as available borrowings under our credit facility, are adequate to satisfy our working capital, capital expenditure requirements, and other contractual obligations for the foreseeable future, including at least the next 12 months. 
 On October 19, 2022, we entered into an amendment to the Credit Agreement (the Amendment effective September 30, 2022. The Amendment amended the Credit Agreement to, among other things, (i) increase the inventory sublimit maximum used to determine borrowing availability under the Revolving Credit Facility from 75.0 million to 80.0 million through and including March 31, 2023, subject to the overall borrowing availability maximum of 105.0 million under the Revolving Credit Facility; (ii) allow the Company the election to use up to 5.0 million of collateral that otherwise would not be available for the purposes of calculating compliance with its minimum borrowing availability requirements under the Revolving Credit Facility through and including March 31, 2023; and (iii) replace the LIBOR benchmark interest rates in the Credit Agreement with SOFR benchmark interest rates. 
 Net cash used in operating activities 
 During 2022, we used 8.9 million of cash in our operating activities. Net loss adjusted for non-cash expenses generated 9.9 million. We used 14.2 million in growth of our managed working capital, primarily driven by 15.1 million used to grow our inventory in support of our record backlog. The inventory growth was a result of an increase in value, due to inflation in the price of raw materials and other production costs, and due to a higher mix of premium product inventory at December 31, 2022. The increase in value is consistent with our increase in average selling price and higher premium product mix in our order backlog. Total volume of inventory on hand decreased at December 31, 2022 compared with the prior year. We define managed working capital as net accounts receivable plus net inventory, minus accounts payable and other current liabilities. 
 During 2021, we used 18.0 million of cash in our operating activities. Net loss adjusted for non-cash expenses generated 6.4 million, while we used 24.9 million growing our managed working capital, defined as net accounts receivable plus net inventory, minus accounts payable and other current liabilities. The primary component of working capital growth in 2021 was also cash used to grow inventory levels to support what was also a record backlog at the end of last year. 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 Our capital spending was 12.1 million in 2022 compared to 11.1 million in 2021. The increase of 1.0 million in the current year was driven by a strategic project to expand our premium product remelt capability and capacity. 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 During 2022, our financing activities provided 22.9 million of cash, primarily through net borrowings on our revolving credit facility. We also executed a financing lease transaction in the fourth quarter to help fund our strategic capital expenditures which included a 1.8 million sales and leaseback component, accounted for as a loan, and made payments on existing financing leases and on our term loan within our Credit Agreement. 
 18 
 
 During 2021, our financing activities provided 29.0 million of cash. This primarily includes 46.1 million of proceeds from the facilities provided by our Credit Agreement, partly offset by payoff of the 15.0 million North Jackson acquisition notes. The financing activities included the impacts of amending our Credit Agreement in the first quarter of 2021. Proceeds from the Term Loan (as defined below) and borrowings under our Revolving Credit Facility (as defined below) were used to pay the 15.0 million in North Jackson acquisition facility in 2011, we issued 20.0 million in notes that matured during the first quarter of 2021. 
 Raw materials and supplies 
 The cost of raw materials represents approximately 40 of the cost of products sold in 2022. The major raw materials used in our operations include nickel, molybdenum, vanadium, chrome, iron and carbon scrap. The average price of substantially all our major raw materials increased for 2022 compared to 2021; however, prices generally decreased in the second half of 2022 after reaching highs in April. Future raw material prices cannot be predicted with any degree of certainty. 
 We maintain sales price surcharge to mitigate the risk of substantial raw material cost fluctuations. The market values for these raw materials and others continue to fluctuate based on supply and demand, market disruptions and other factors. Over time, our surcharge will effectively offset changes in raw material costs; however, during a period of rising or falling prices the timing will cause variation between reporting periods. 
 Credit Facility 
 On March 17, 2021, we entered into the Second Amended and Restated Revolving Credit, Term Loan and Security Agreement (the Credit Agreement ), with PNC Bank, National Association PNC Bank ), as administrative agent and co-collateral agent, Bank of America, N.A., as co-collateral agent, the Lenders (as defined in the Credit Agreement) party thereto from time to time and PNC Capital Markets LLC, as sole lead arranger and sole bookrunner. The Credit Agreement replaces our prior Credit Agreement, and provides for a senior secured revolving credit facility in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed 105.0 million Revolving Credit Facility and a senior secured term loan facility Term Loan in the amount 15.0 million (together with the Revolving Credit Facility, the Facilities ). 
 The Company was in compliance with all applicable covenants throughout 2022 and at December 31, 2022. 
 The Facilities, which expire on March 17, 2026 (the Expiration Date ), are collateralized by a first lien on substantially all of the assets of the Company and its subsidiaries, except that no real property is collateral under the Facilities other than Company s real property in North Jackson, Ohio. 
 Availability under the Credit Agreement is based on eligible accounts receivable and inventory. The Company must maintain undrawn availability under the Credit Agreement of at least 11.0 million. That requirement can be overcome if the Company maintains a fixed charge coverage ratio of not less than 1.10 to 1.0 measured on a rolling two-quarter basis and calculated in accordance with the terms of the Credit Agreement. 
 The Company is required to pay a commitment fee of 0.25 based on the daily unused portion of the Revolving Credit Facility. 
 With respect to the Term Loan, the Company must pay quarterly installments of the principal of approximately 0.5 million, plus accrued and unpaid interest, on the first day of each fiscal quarter beginning on June 30, 2021. To the extent not previously paid, the Term Loan will become due and payable in full on the Expiration Date. 
 Amounts outstanding under the Facilities, at the Company s option, will bear interest at either a base rate or a LIBOR (prior to September 30, 2022) or a SOFR (after September 30, 2022) based rate, in either case calculated in accordance with the terms of the Credit Agreement. Interest under the Credit Agreement is payable monthly. We elected to use the LIBOR and SOFR based rate for the majority of the debt outstanding under the Facilities during 2022. At December 31, 2022, the SOFR based rate was approximately 6.9 on our Revolving Credit Facility and 7.4 for the Term Loan. 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, we net had deferred financing costs related to the Credit Agreement of approximately 0.7 million and 0.9 million recorded to the consolidated balance sheet, respectively. We amortized 0.2 million of those costs during each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Paycheck Protection Program Note 
 On April 16, 2020, the Company entered into a promissory note, dated April 15, 2020, with PNC Bank, National Association, evidencing an unsecured loan with a principal amount of 10.0 million made to the Company pursuant to the Paycheck Protection Program (the PPP Term Note under the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act ). The PPP Term Note is guaranteed by the United States Small Business Administration. 
 19 
 
 The PPP Term Note incurred interest at a fixed annual rate of 1.00 , with the first six months of interest deferred. According to the terms of the PPP Term Note, the Company would begin to make 18 equal monthly payments of principal and interest in November 2020 with the final payment due in April 2022. The Company did not make any principal or interest payments related to the PPP Term Note. 
 The proceeds could be used to maintain payroll or make certain covered interest payments, lease payments and utility payments. Under the terms of the CARES Act, the Company was eligible for forgiveness for all or a portion of loan granted under the PPP, with such forgiveness to be determined, subject to limitations, based on the use of the loan proceeds for payment of payroll costs and any payments of certain covered interest, lease and utility payments. 
 The Company applied for forgiveness of the PPP Term Note during the third quarter of 2020. In July 2021, PNC Bank notified the Company that forgiveness of the note was granted by the United States Small Business Administration. Accordingly, the PPP Term Note was forgiven in its entirety, including all related accrued interest. In the third quarter of 2021, we recognized forgiveness of the PPP Term Note and recorded a corresponding gain on extinguishment of debt in the Consolidated Statement of Operations for the period. 
 Notes 
 In connection with the acquisition of the North Jackson facility in 2011, we issued 20.0 million in notes to the sellers of the facility as partial consideration in the transaction. 
 On January 21, 2016, the Company entered into Amended and Restated Notes in the aggregate principal amount of 20.0 million (the Notes ), each in favor of Gorbert Inc. Holder ). The Company s obligations under the Notes were collateralized by a second lien on the same assets of the Company that collateralize the obligations of the Company under the Facilities. The Holder had the right to elect at any time on or prior to August 17, 2017 to convert all or any portion of the outstanding principal amount of the Notes. 
 The Notes were originally scheduled to mature on March 17, 2019. In 2019, the Company extended the maturity date to March 17, 2020 in accordance with the terms of the Notes. In 2020, the Company extended the maturity date to March 17, 2021 in accordance with the terms of the Notes. The Company made partial principal payments on the notes upon extension, and an aggregate principal amount of 15.0 million remained outstanding at the 2021 maturity date. On March 17, 2021, the Company paid the remaining principal balance and all applicable interest to settle the notes obligation. 
 The Notes had an applicable interest at a rate of 6.0 per year from August 17, 2017 until the time they were paid off. All accrued and unpaid interest was payable quarterly in arrears on September 18, December 18, March 18 and June 18 of each year. 
 Leases 
 The Company periodically enters into leases in its normal course of business. Operating lease liabilities and right-of-use assets are recorded to the consolidated balance sheet at the present value of minimum lease payments. The assets are included in Other long-term assets in the consolidated balance sheets and are amortized over the respective terms, which are five years or less. The long-term component of the lease liability is recorded in Other long-term liabilities, net and the current component is included in Other current liabilities. 
 The right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for finance leases are recorded at the present value of minimum lease payments. The assets are included in Property, plant and equipment, net on the consolidated balance sheets and are depreciated over the respective lease terms. The long-term component of the lease liability is included in Long-term debt and the current component is included in Current portion of long-term debt. 
 The Company entered into three new operating lease agreements and four new finance lease agreements during 2022. This includes the 5.2 million lease component of our new vaccum-arc remelting expansion financing arrangement, but excludes a 1.8 million sale and leaseback component of that agreement. The 1.8 million is accounted for as a loan secured by the related equipment, as it did not meet the criteria for sale accounting under Accounting Standards Codification section 842. 
 Share-Based Activity 
 We granted stock options and restricted stock units, and issued shares of our common stock to officers, employees, and non-employee directors during 2022, 2021 and 2020 through our incentive compensation plans. Refer to Note 12 to our consolidated financial statements included in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for further information. 
 Contingent Items 
 Product Claims. We are subject to various claims and legal actions that arise in the normal course of conducting business. There were no material product claims outstanding at December 31, 2022. 
 20 
 
 Environmental Matters. We, as well as other specialty metal manufacturers, are subject to demanding environmental standards imposed by federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations. We are not aware of any environmental condition that currently exists at any of our facilities that are probable or reasonably possible of having a material impact on our results of operations or liquidity. We are aware of energy usage concerns relating to climate change; however, we are not aware of any pending regulations that are expected to have a material impact on our results of operations or liquidity. 
 Legal Matters. From time to time, various lawsuits and claims have been or may be asserted against us relating to the conduct of our business, including routine litigation relating to commercial and employment matters. The ultimate cost and outcome of any litigation or claim cannot be predicted with certainty. Management believes, based on information presently available, that the likelihood that the ultimate outcome of any such pending matter will have a material adverse effect on its financial condition, or liquidity or a material impact to its results of operations is remote, although the resolution of one or more of these matters may have a material adverse effect on its results of operations for the period in which the resolution occurs. 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 The Company s revenues are primarily composed of sales of products. Revenue from the sale of products is recognized when the Company satisfies its performance obligation under a contract by transferring control of the promised product to its customer, which in most cases coincides with shipment of the related product. Certain sales qualify for over-time revenue recognition. Sales of certain specified product grades and shapes, and sales from conversion services, are recognized over-time. The Company s identification of and accounting for these sales is discussed further in Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements included in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 Management regularly monitors the ability to collect its unpaid sales invoices. The allowance for doubtful accounts includes specific reserves for the value of outstanding invoices issued to customers that are deemed potentially not collectible. 
 Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value. The cost of inventory is principally determined by the weighted average cost method for material and operation costs. An inventory reserve is provided for material on hand for which management believes cost exceeds net realizable value. We reserve for slow-moving inventory and inventory that is being evaluated under our quality control process. The reserves are based upon management s expected method of disposition. 
 Property, Plant and Equipment PP E is stated at historical cost or fair value at acquisition less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is computed by the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets for book purposes. Depreciation for income tax purposes is computed using accelerated methods. Upon disposal, assets and related accumulated depreciation are removed from the financial statements and differences between the net book value and proceeds from disposal are generally included in cost of goods sold in the consolidated statement of operations. PP E is evaluated for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable in relation to the operating performance and future undiscounted cash flows of the underlying assets. Adjustments are made if the sum of expected future cash flows is less than book value. No impairment reserve was necessary as of December 31, 2022, 2021 or 2020. 
 Deferred income taxes are provided for temporary differences between amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the basis of such assets and liabilities as measured by tax laws and regulations. Our deferred tax assets include net operating loss carry forwards that can be used to offset taxable income in future periods and reduce income taxes payable in those future periods. These deferred tax assets will expire, if unused, at various times beginning in 2027. Deferred tax liabilities primarily relate to book / tax depreciation differences. Management assesses the need to record a valuation allowance to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount that is more likely than not to be realized. 
 The calculation for our share-based compensation expense involves several assumptions. Management believes each assumption used in the valuation is reasonable because it considers the experience of the plan and reasonable expectations. Management estimates volatility based on historical data, future expectations and the expected term of the share-based compensation awards. The assumptions, however, involve inherent uncertainties. As a result, if other assumptions had been used, share-based compensation expense could have varied. 
 21 
 
 ITEM 7A.	QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITAT IVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 Prices for our raw materials and natural gas requirements are subject to frequent market fluctuations, and profit margins may decline in the event market prices increase. Selling price increases and surcharges are utilized to offset raw material and natural gas market price increases. 
 Raw material prices vary based on numerous factors, including quality, and are subject to frequent market fluctuations. Future raw material prices cannot be predicted with any degree of certainty. We do not maintain any fixed-price long-term agreements with any of our raw material suppliers. 
 We maintain a sales price surcharge on certain of our products to help offset the impact of raw material price fluctuations. For certain products, the surcharge is calculated at the time of order entry, based on current raw material prices or prices at the time of shipment. For certain finished products, the surcharge is calculated based on the monthly average raw material prices two months prior to the promised ship date. While the material surcharge is designed to offset modest fluctuations in raw material prices, it cannot immediately absorb significant spikes in raw material prices. A material change in raw material prices within a short period of time could have a material effect on our financial results and there can be no assurance that the raw material surcharge will completely offset immediate changes in our raw material costs. 
 At December 31, 2022, we had 91.3 million of floating rate debt outstanding with interest rates between 6.8 and 9.0 . Since the interest rate on floating rate debt changes with the short-term market rate of interest, we are exposed to the risk that these interest rates may increase, raising our interest expense. Exclusive of any interest rate hedges, a hypothetical 1.0 increase or decrease in our floating rate debt interest rates would unfavorably or favorably impact our annual pre-tax results by approximately 0.9 million. 
 
 22 
 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMEN TS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Index to Financial Statements 

Page 

Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 24 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 
 25 

Financial Statements 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 27 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 28 

Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2021 and 2020 
 29 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 30 

Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 31 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 32 

Consolidated Financial Statement Schedules 
 50 

Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 
 50 

23 
 
 MANAGEMENT S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934). Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance to management and the board of directors regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. We conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations (COSO) of the Treadway Commission (2013 Framework). Based on our assessment, we believe that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting is effective. 
 The effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by Schneider Downs Co. Inc., an independent registered public accounting firm which also audited our consolidated financial statements. Schneider Downs attestation report on the consolidated financial statements and management s maintenance of effective internal control over financial reporting is included under the heading Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 

/s/ Dennis M. Oates 
 
 /s/ Steven V. DiTommaso 

Dennis M. Oates 
 
 Steven V. DiTommaso 

Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

24 
 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT RE GISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Universal Stainless Alloy Products, Inc. 
 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Universal Stainless Alloy Products, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, cash flows, and shareholders equity for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and schedules (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). We also have audited the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also, in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
 
 Basis for Opinions 
 The Company s management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 8. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements and an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 25 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Valuation of Inventory 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 As discussed in Notes 1 and 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s net inventory totaled approximately 154 million as of December 31, 2022 and is stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value with cost principally determined by the weighted average cost method. Such costs include the acquisition cost over the production period for raw materials, including scrap, and supplies, direct labor and applied manufacturing overhead within the guidelines of normal operating capacity. The Company establishes reserves based upon assessments of slow-moving inventory, the results of quality control reviews, the determination of normal capacity levels in the manufacturing process, and whether the product is valued at the lower of cost or net realizable value. 
 
 We identified auditing the valuation of inventory as a critical audit matter. The production cycle for a unit of inventory generally lasts several months and involves the accumulation of different types of costs at various cost centers. The ultimate cost of a unit in inventory may be subject to reductions related to abnormal production levels, scrap valuation and recovery, achieving customer specifications, or changes in the market, customer needs, and commodity pricing. Additionally, for certain new products, there is limited historical data for which to evaluate recoverability of the cost of the unit. The complexity surrounding the production process and the high degree of estimation involved in assessing net realizable value results in significant auditor judgment around auditing the valuation of inventory. 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 We evaluated and tested: the design and operating effectiveness of the Company s internal controls over the accumulation of inventory costs, the calculation to support estimated scrap values within the inventory costing model, management s assessment of normal capacity levels and the calculation to establish an estimate of excess costs, the calculation of lower of cost or net realizable value reserves and the calculation of slow-moving inventory. Our audit procedures involved testing the assumptions significant to management s inventory valuation assessment including plant capacity levels, expected selling prices, demand forecasts, scrap values, and recovery percentages as well as the relevant underlying data. 

/s/ Schneider Downs Co., Inc. 

. 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2003. 

February 24, 2023 
 26 
 
 UNIVERSAL STAINLESS ALLOY PRODUCTS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEM ENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the years ended December 31, 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

(dollars in thousands, except per share information) 

Net sales 

Cost of products sold 

Gross margin 

() 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 

Operating loss 

() 

() 

() 

Interest expense 

Gain on extinguishment of debt 

- 

() 

- 

Other income, net 

() 

() 

() 

Loss before income taxes 

() 

() 

() 

Benefit from income taxes 

() 

() 

() 

Net loss 

() 

() 

() 

Basic loss per share 

() 

() 

() 

Diluted loss per share 

() 

() 

() 

Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding: 

Basic 

Diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 27 
 
 UNIVERSAL STAINLESS ALLOY PRODUCTS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

For the years ended December 31, 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

(dollars in thousands) 

Net loss 

() 

() 

() 

Other comprehensive loss, net of tax: 

Unrealized gain (loss) on derivatives, net of tax 

() 

Comprehensive (loss) income 

() 

() 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 28 
 
 UNIVERSAL STAINLESS ALLOY PRODUCTS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED B ALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 
 
 2022 

2021 

(dollars in thousands) 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Accounts receivable (less allowance for doubtful accounts of 

Inventory, net 

Other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

Deferred income tax assets 

- 

Other long-term assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued employment costs 

Current portion of long-term debt 

Other current liabilities 

Total current liabilities 

Long-term debt 

Deferred income tax liabilities 

- 

Other long-term liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 14) 

Stockholders equity: 

Senior preferred stock, par value per share; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding 

- 

- 

Common stock, par value per share; shares authorized; and shares issued, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive income 

Retained earnings 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 29 
 
 UNIVERSAL STAINLESS ALLOY PRODUCTS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEM ENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the years ended December 31, 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

(dollars in thousands) 

Operating Activities: 

Net loss 

() 

() 

() 

Adjustments for non-cash items: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Deferred income tax 

() 

() 

() 

Gain on extinguishment of debt 

- 

() 

- 

Share-based compensation expense 

Changes in assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable, net 

() 

() 

Inventory, net 

() 

() 

Accounts payable 

() 

Accrued employment costs 

() 

() 

Income taxes 

() 

Other, net 

() 

() 

Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities 

() 

() 

Investing Activity: 

Capital expenditures 

() 

() 

() 

Net cash used in investing activity 

() 

() 

() 

Financing Activities: 

Borrowings under revolving credit facility 

Payments on revolving credit facility 

() 

() 

() 

Proceeds from term loan facility 

- 

- 

Proceeds from other financing transactions, net 

- 

- 

Proceeds from Paycheck Protection Program Note 

- 

- 

Payments on term loan facility, finance leases, and notes 

() 

() 

() 

Payments of financing costs 

() 

() 

- 

Issuance of common stock under share-based plans 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

() 

Net increase (decrease) in cash 

() 

() 

Cash at beginning of period 

Cash at end of period 

Supplemental Non-Cash Financing Activity: 

Financing lease liability from remelt expansion (Note 6) 

- 

- 

Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Information: 

Interest paid 

Income taxes paid (refunded), net 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 30 
 
 UNIVERSAL STAINLESS ALLOY PRODUCTS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

Accumulated 

Common 

Additional 

other 

shares 
 Common 

paid-in 

Retained 
 
 comprehensive 
 Treasury 

Treasury 

(dollars in thousands) 
 outstanding 
 stock 

capital 

earnings 

income (loss) 

shares 

stock 

Balance at December 31, 2019 

() 

() 

Common stock issuance under 

Employee Stock Purchase Plan 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Share-based compensation 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Net loss on derivative instruments 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

- 

- 

Treasury Stock retirement 

- 

- 

() 

- 

- 

() 

Net loss 

- 

- 

- 

() 

- 

- 

- 

Balance at December 31, 2020 

() 

- 

- 

Common stock issuance under 

Employee Stock Purchase Plan 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Other Share-based plans 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Share-based compensation 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Net gain on derivative instruments 
 
 - 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Net loss 

- 

- 

- 

() 

- 

- 

- 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

- 

- 

Common stock issuance under 

Employee Stock Purchase Plan 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Other Share-based plans 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Share-based compensation 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Net gain on derivative instruments 
 
 - 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Net loss 

- 

- 

- 

() 

- 

- 

- 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

- 

- 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 31 
 
 UNIVERSAL STAINLESS ALLOY PRODUCTS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

, and of our net sales for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and , and of our total accounts receivable balance at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Our second largest customer in each year accounted for approximately , and less than of our net sales for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and , , and less than of our total accounts receivable balance at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The higher percentage of accounts receivable made up by our second largest customer in 2022 is primarily due to timing, as sales to that customer during the year were highest in the fourth quarter. 
 of total net sales in 2022 and in both 2021 and 2020. The allowance for doubtful accounts includes specific reserves for the value of outstanding invoices issued to customers that are deemed potentially not collectible. Receivables are charged-off to the allowance when they are deemed to be uncollectible. There was bad debt expense recorded for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 . 
 million. The net change for the year ended December 31, 2021 was an increase of million, and the net change for the year ended December 31, 2020 was an increase of million. Included in inventory are operating materials consisting of forge dies and production molds and rolls that are consumed over their useful lives. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 , we amortized these operating materials in the amount of million, million and million, respectively. This expense is recorded as a component of cost of products sold on the consolidated statements of operations and included as a part of our total depreciation and amortization on the consolidated statements of cash flows. We experienced low activity levels at our production facilities during 2021 and 2020 caused primarily by the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic. As a result, million of fixed overhead costs were not absorbed into inventory and charged directly to expense during 2021, and million of fixed overhead costs were not absorbed into inventory charged directly to expense during 2020. 
 million . The entire amount of the award was earned during 2022 and recorded as a reduction to costs of goods sold in the consolidated statement of operations. Approximately million of cash was received during 2022 and the remaining cash is expected in 2023. Accordingly, a receivable of million was recorded within Other current assets on the consolidated balance sheet. 
 month period. Other maintenance costs are expensed as incurred. Costs of improvements and renewals are capitalized. Our maintenance expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively, which is included as a component of cost of products sold. Depreciation is computed using th e straight-line method based on the estimated useful lives of the related assets. The estimated useful lives of buildings and land improvements are between 10 and , and the estimated useful lives of machinery and equipment are between five and years. Our total depreciation expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively, of which million, million and million, respectively, was included as a component of cost of products sold while the remainder was included in selling, general and administrative expense. 
 impairment reserve was necessary as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 . 
 million and is included as a component of interest expense and other financing costs on the consolidated statements of operations and included as part of total depreciation and amortization on the consolidated statements of cash flows. At December 31, 2022 and 2021 , we had million and million, respectively, of unamortized deferred financing costs included on our consolidated balance sheets as a reduction of debt. 
 
 material uncertain tax positions at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. We recognize excess tax benefits as a result of the exercise of employee stock options within the consolidated statements of operations. 

reportable segment. 

We have determined that there are certain customer agreements involving production of specified product grades and shapes that require revenue to be recognized over time, in advance of shipment, due to there being no alternative use for these grades and shapes without significant economic loss. Also, the Company maintains an enforceable right to payment including a normal profit margin from the customer in the event of contract termination. Contract assets related to services performed, not yet billed of million and million are included in Accounts Receivable in the Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company has elected the following practical expedients allowed under ASC Topic 606: Shipping activities are not considered to be separate performance obligations. 

 Performance obligations are satisfied within one year from a given reporting date, and consequently we omit disclosure of the transaction price apportioned to remaining performance obligations on open orders. 

Premium alloys (A) 

Conversion services and other sales 

Total net sales 

(A) Premium alloys represent all vacuum induction melted (VIM) products. 

Semi-finished and finished steel products 

Operating materials 

Gross inventory 

Inventory reserves 

() 

() 

Total inventory, net 

Buildings 

Machinery and equipment 

Construction in progress 

Gross property, plant and equipment 

Accumulated depreciation 

() 

() 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

35 

Revolving credit facility 

Finance leases 

Sale and leaseback financing liability 

- 

Less: current portion of long-term debt 

() 

() 

Less: deferred financing costs 

() 

() 

Long-term debt 

Credit Facility On March 17, 2021, we entered into the Second Amended and Restated Revolving Credit, Term Loan and Security Agreement (the Credit Agreement ), with PNC Bank, National Association PNC Bank ), as administrative agent and co-collateral agent, Bank of America, N.A., as co-collateral agent, the Lenders (as defined in the Credit Agreement) party thereto from time to time and PNC Capital Markets LLC, as sole lead arranger and sole bookrunner. The Credit Agreement replaces our prior Credit Agreement, and provides for a senior secured revolving credit facility in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed million Revolving Credit Facility and a senior secured term loan facility Term Loan in the amount million (together with the Revolving Credit Facility, the Facilities ). The Company was in compliance with all applicable covenants throughout 2022 and at December 31, 2022. The Facilities, which expire on (the Expiration Date ), are collateralized by a first lien on substantially all of the assets of the Company and its subsidiaries, except that no real property is collateral under the Facilities other than Company s real property in North Jackson, Ohio. Availability under the Credit Agreement is based on eligible accounts receivable and inventory. The Company must maintain undrawn availability under the Credit Agreement of at least million. That requirement can be overcome if the Company maintains a fixed charge coverage ratio of not less than to 1.0 measured on a rolling two-quarter basis and calculated in accordance with the terms of the Credit Agreement. The Company is required to pay a commitment fee of based on the daily unused portion of the Revolving Credit Facility. With respect to the Term Loan, the Company must pay installments of the principal of approximately million, plus accrued and unpaid interest, on the first day of each fiscal quarter beginning on June 30, 2021. To the extent not previously paid, the Term Loan will become due and payable in full on the Expiration Date. Amounts outstanding under the Facilities, at the Company s option, will bear interest at either a base rate or a LIBOR (prior to September 30, 2022) or a SOFR (after September 30, 2022) based rate, in either case calculated in accordance with the terms of the Credit Agreement. Interest under the Credit Agreement is payable monthly. We elected to use the LIBOR and SOFR based rate for the majority of the debt outstanding under the Facilities during 2022. At December 31, 2022 , the SOFR based rate was approximately on our Revolving Credit Facility and for the Term Loan. At December 31, 2022 and 2021 , we net had deferred financing costs related to the Credit Agreement of approximately million and million recorded to the consolidated balance sheet, respectively. We amortized million of those costs during each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

Paycheck Protection Program Term Note On April 16, 2020, the Company entered into a promissory note, dated , with PNC Bank, National Association, evidencing an unsecured loan with a principal amount of million made to the Company pursuant to the Paycheck Protection Program (the PPP Term Note under the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act ). The PPP Term Note is guaranteed by the United States Small Business Administration. Under the terms of the CARES Act, the Company was eligible for forgiveness for all or a portion of the PPP Term Note, with such forgiveness to be determined, subject to limitations, based on the use of the loan proceeds for payment of payroll costs and any payments of certain covered interest, lease and utility payments. The Company applied for forgiveness of the PPP Term Note during the third quarter of 2020. In July 2021, PNC Bank notified the Company that forgiveness of the note was granted by the United States Small Business Administration. Accordingly, the PPP Term Note was forgiven in its entirety, including all related accrued interest. In the third quarter of 2021, we recognized forgiveness of the PPP Term Note and recorded a corresponding gain on extinguishment of debt in the Consolidated Statement of Operations for the period. The PPP Term Note incurred interest at a fixed annual rate of , with the first six months of interest deferred. The Company did not make any principal or interest payments related to the PPP Term Note. Notes In connection with the acquisition of the North Jackson facility in 2011, we issued million in Notes to the sellers of the facility as partial consideration in the transaction. On January 21, 2016, the Company entered into Amended and Restated Notes in the aggregate principal amount of million (the Notes ), each in favor of Gorbert Inc. Holder ). The Company s obligations under the Notes were collateralized by a second lien on the same assets of the Company that collateralize the obligations of the Company under the Facilities. The Holder had the right to elect at any time on or prior to August 17, 2017 to convert all or any portion of the outstanding principal amount of the Notes. The Notes were originally scheduled to mature on . In 2019, the Company extended the maturity date to in accordance with the terms of the Notes. In 2020, the Company extended the maturity date to in accordance with the terms of the Notes. The Company made partial principal payments on the notes upon extension, and an aggregate principal amount of million remained outstanding at the 2021 maturity date. On March 17, 2021, the Company paid the remaining principal balance and all applicable interest to settle the notes obligation. The Notes had an applicable interest at a rate of per year from August 17, 2017 until the time they were paid off. All accrued and unpaid interest was payable quarterly in arrears on September 18, December 18, March 18 and June 18 of each year. 

months or less, and the leases do not have significant restrictions, covenants, or other nonstandard terms. The Company entered into three new operating lease agreements and four new finance lease agreements during 2022 . This includes the million lease component of our new VAR expansion financing arrangement, but excludes the million sale and leaseback component of that agreement. The million is accounted for as a loan secured by the related equipment, as it did not meet the criteria for sale accounting under Accounting Standards Codification section 842. The million is excluded from the tables below, the current portion of which is approximately million. The total million principal amount of that financing arrangement has a term of and an implicit interest rate of approximately . The weighted average interest rate on all our financing leases is approximately . Right-of-use assets and lease liabilities are recorded at the present value of minimum lease payments. For our operating leases, the assets are included in Other long-term assets on the consolidated balance sheets and are amortized within operating income over the respective lease terms. The long-term component of the lease liability is included in Other long-term liabilities, net, and the current component is included in Other current liabilities. For our finance leases, the assets are included in Property, plant and equipment, net on the consolidated balance sheets and are depreciated over the respective lease terms which range from three to . The long-term component of the lease liability is included in Long-term debt and the current component is included in Current portion of long-term debt. 

Operating Leases 

Finance Leases 

2023 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 

- 

Total minimum lease payments 

Less amounts representing interest 

() 

() 

Present value of minimum lease payments 

Less current obligations 

() 

() 

Total long-term lease obligations, net 

Weighted-average remaining lease term 
 
 years 

years 

Right-of-use assets recorded to the consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2022 were million for operating leases and million for finance leases. For the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 , the amortization of finance lease assets was million and was included in cost of products sold in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Right-of-use assets recorded to the consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2021 were million for operating leases and million for finance leases. For the twelve months ended December 31, 2021, the amortization of finance lease assets was million and was included in cost of products sold in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The Company elected the practical expedient allowed under Leases (Topic 842) to exclude leases with a term of 12 months or less from the calculation of our lease liabilities and right-of-use assets. In determining the lease liability and corresponding right-of-use asset for each lease, the Company calculated the present value of future lease payments using the interest rate implicit in the lease, when available, or the Company s incremental borrowing rate. The incremental borrowing rate was determined with reference to the interest rate applicable under our senior secured revolving credit facility discussed in Note 5, as this facility is collateralized by a first lien on substantially all of the assets of the Company and its term is similar to the term of our leases. 

million aggregate principal amount Leverage Loan due in to the Investment Fund. Additionally, PNC New Markets Investment Partners, LLC contributed million to the Investment Fund, and as such, PNC New Markets Investment Partners, LLC is entitled to substantially all tax and other benefits derived from the NMTC. The Investment Fund then contributed the proceeds to a community development entity CDE ). The CDE then loaned the funds, on similar terms, as the Leverage Loan to Dunkirk Specialty Steel, LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. The CDE loan proceeds are restricted for use on the mid-size bar cell capital project. The NMTC is subject to percent recapture for a period of as provided in the Internal Revenue Code. The Company is required to comply with various regulations and contractual provisions that apply to the NMTC arrangement. Non-compliance with applicable requirements could result in projected tax benefits not being realized and, therefore, require the Company to indemnify PNC New Markets Investment Partners, LLC for any loss or recapture of NMTCs related to the financing until the Company s obligation to deliver tax benefits is relieved. The Company does not anticipate any credit recaptures will be required in connection with this arrangement. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , the Company recorded million within Other long-term liabilities related to this transaction, which represents the funds contributed to the Investment Fund by PNC New Markets Investment Partners, LLC. This transaction also includes a put/call provision whereby the Company may be obligated or entitled to repurchase PNC New Markets Investment Partners, LLC s interest in the Investment Fund. The Company believes that PNC New Markets Investment Partners, LLC will exercise the put option in March 2025, at the end of the recapture period, resulting in a gain of million at that time. The value attributed to the put/call is negligible. Direct costs incurred in structuring this financing transaction totaled million. These costs were deferred and are amortized over the term of the loans. The Company has determined that the Investment Fund and CDE are each a VIE, and that it is the primary beneficiary of each VIE. This conclusion was reached based on the following: The ongoing activities of the VIE, collecting and remitting interest and fees, and NMTC compliance were all considered in the initial design and are not expected to significantly affect economic performance throughout the life of the VIE; 

 Contractual arrangements obligate the Company to comply with NMTC rules and regulations and provide various other guarantees to the Investment Fund and CDE; 

 PNC New Markets Investment Partners, LLC lacks a material interest in the underlying economics of the project; and 

 The Company is obligated to absorb losses of the VIE. 

million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021. The Company recorded an unrealized gain in accumulated other comprehensive income of less than million at December 31, 2022 and 2021 related to the contracts. Additionally, the Company entered into a forward i nterest rate swap contract during 2020 to fix the interest rate on a portion of its variable-rate debt from January 1, 2021 to June 30, 2023. The interest rate swap was designated as a cash flow hedge. The notional amount of the contract was million at its inception and reduces throughout the term. The notional amount was million at December 31, 2021 and million at December 31, 2022 . The Company recorded an unrealized gain in accumulated other comprehensive income of million at December 31, 2022 and of less than million at December 31, 2021. 

- 

() 

State 

- 

Deferred benefit 

Federal 

() 

() 

() 

State 

() 

() 

Benefit from income taxes 

() 

() 

() 

The income tax benefit reconciled to taxes computed at the statutory federal rate is as follows:) 

() 

() 

State income taxes, net of federal tax benefit 

() 

() 

() 

Research and development tax credit 

() 

() 

() 

Valuation allowance 

() 

- 

- 

PPP loan forgiveness 

- 

() 

- 

Deferred tax adjustment for stock option forfeitures 

- 

Other adjustments to deferred taxes 

Other 

Benefit from income taxes 

() 

() 

() 

We continue to record a full valuation allowance against our New York deferred tax assets due to the percent state income tax rate for qualified manufacturers. We continue to record a partial valuation allowance against our Pennsylvania net operating loss deferred tax asset due to annual usage limitations. We have determined that federal and other state deferred tax assets are expected to be realized and have not recorded any additional valuation allowances. Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. Significant components of our net deferred taxes related to continuing operations are as follows: 

Inventory 

Share-based compensation 

Receivables 

Accrued liabilities 

Other 

Total deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Property, plant and equipment 

Other 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

Total noncurrent deferred income taxes assets (liabilities) 

() 

We file a U.S. federal income tax return and various state income tax returns. For federal income tax purposes, we had million and million of net operating loss carryforwards at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The net operating loss carryforwards begin to exp ire in . In addition, we have credit carryforwards associated with our research and development activities of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The research and development credit carryforwards begin to expire in . We have state net operating loss carryforwards of million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021, and the related valuation allowances were approximately million at each date. We also have state credit carryforwards of million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. The state net operating loss carryforwards begin to expire in . The state credit carryforwards begin to expire in . . We are subject to examination by most state tax jurisdictions for tax years after . 

() 

() 

Denominator: 

Weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding 

Weighted average effect of dilutive share-based compensation 

- 

- 

- 

Diluted weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding 

Net loss per common share: 

Basic earnings per share 

() 

() 

() 

Diluted earnings per share 

() 

() 

() 

There were , and options to purchase shares of common stock, at an average price of , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, that were not included in the computation of diluted net loss per common share because their respective exercise prices were greater than the average market price of our common stock. In addition, the calculation of diluted net loss per common share for the years ended December 31, 2022 , 2021 and 2020, respectively, excluded , and shares for the assumed exercise of stock options as a result of being in a net loss position. 

41 
 
 shares authorized for issuance under the 2017 Plan. When initially adopted in May 2017, the 2017 Plan replaced the Omnibus Incentive Plan OIP which in turn replaced the 1994 Stock Incentive Plan SIP ). Any awards outstanding under the SIP and OIP will remain subject to and be paid under the SIP and OIP, respectively. No new awards will be granted under either the SIP or OIP. Any shares subject to outstanding awards under the OIP that cease to be subject to such issuance of stock after the adoption of the Amended and Restated 2017 Plan will increase the shares authorized under the Amended and Restated 2017 Plan. As of the adoption of the Amended and Restated 2017 Plan, any shares subject to outstanding award under the SIP that cease to be subject to such issuance of stock will increase the shares authorized under the Amended and Restated 2017 Plan. As of May 5, 2021, additional shares were approved and authorized for issuance under the Amended and Restated 2017 Plan. As of May 4, 2022, additional shares were approved and authorized for issuance under the Amended and Restated 2017 Plan. At December 31, 2022 , there were shares available for grant under the Amended and Restated 2017 Plan. Omnibus Incentive Plan We maintain the OIP which was approved by our stockholders in May 2012. The OIP permitted the issuance of stock options, restricted stock, restricted stock units and other share-based awards to non-employee directors, other than those directors owning more than 5 of our outstanding common stock, consultants, officers and other key employees who were expected to contribute to our future growth and success. With the adoption of the 2017 Plan, shares of common stock were available for grant at December 31, 2022 under the OIP. Stock Options The price for options granted under the both the 2017 Plan and OIP is equal to the fair market value of the common stock at the date of grant. Options granted to non-employee directors vest over a period, and options granted to employees vest over a period. All options under both the 2017 Plan and OIP will expire no later than after the grant date. Forfeited options may be reissued and are included in the amount available for grants. 

Stock options granted 

Stock options vested 

() 

- 

- 

Stock options forfeited 

() 

() 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Exercisable at December 31, 2022 

Shares issued in connection with stock option exercises are issued from available authorized shares. There were stock option exercises during 2022, 2021 or 2020. Based upon the closing stock price of at December 31, 2022 , the aggregate intrinsic value of outstanding stock options was million, of which less than half was related to options that were exercisable. Intrinsic value of stock options is calculated as the amount by which the market price of our common stock exceeds the exercise price of the options. The total fair value of stock options awards vested during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, was approximately million, million and million. Share-based compensation to employees and directors is recognized as compensation expense in the consolidated statements of operations based on the stock options fair value on the measurement date, which is the date of the grant. The fair value of the award is recognized as expense over the requisite service periods. The compensation expense recognized, and its related tax effects, are included in additional paid-in capital. Share-based compensation expense related to stock options totaled million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Share-based compensation expense related to stock options totaled million for the year ended December 31, 2020. Share-b ased compensation expense is recognized ratably over the requisite service period for all stock option awards. Unrecognized share-based compensation expense related to non-vested stock option awards totaled million at December 31, 2022 , and the weighted-average period over which this unrecognized expense was expected to be recognized was years. The fair value of our stock options granted is estimated on the measurement date, which is the date of grant. We use the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. Our determination of fair value of stock option awards on the date of grant is affected by our stock price as well as assumptions regarding our expected stock price volatility over the term of the awards, and actual and projected stock option exercise behaviors. The weighted-average grant-date fair value of stock options granted during the years ended December 31, 2022 , 2021 and 2020 was , and , respectively. 

to 

to 

Dividend yield 

Expected market price volatility 

to 

to 

Weighted-average expected market price volatility 

Expected term 
 
 years 

to years 

to years 

The risk-free interest rate was developed using the U.S. Treasury yield curve for periods equal to the expected life of the stock options at the grant date. No dividend yield was assumed because we do not pay cash dividends on common stock and currently have no plans to pay a dividend. Expected volatility is based on the long-term historical volatility (estimated over a period equal to the expected term of the stock options) of our common stock. In estimating the fair value of stock options under the Black-Scholes option-pricing model, separate groups of employees that have similar historical exercise behavior are considered separately. The expected term of options granted represents the period of time that options granted are expected to be outstanding. Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units 

Restricted stock granted in May 

Restricted stock vested in May 

() 

Restricted stock granted in November 

Restricted stock vested in October 

() 

Restricted stock vested in November 

() 

Restricted stock forfeited in 2021 

() 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Restricted stock vested in February 

() 

Restricted stock granted in April 

Restricted stock granted in May 

Restricted stock vested in May 

() 

Restricted stock vested in October 

() 

Restricted stock vested in November 

() 

Restricted stock forfeited in 2022 

() 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

Share-based compensation expense related to restricted stock totaled million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and million for each of the years ended 2021 and 202 0. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we granted and time-based restricted stock units, respectively, to certain employees and directors. The restricted stock units typically vest over for employees and for directors. The fair value of the non-vested time-based restricted common stock awards was calculated using the market value of the stock on the date of issuance. As of December 31, 2022 , total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested time-based restricted stock units was million. That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. Employee Amended and Restated Stock Purchase Plan Under the Amended and Restated 1996 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as amended (the Plan ), the Company is authorized to issue up to shares of common stock to its full-time employees, nearly all of whom are eligible to participate. Under the terms of the Plan, employees can choose as of January 1 and July 1 of each year to have up to of their total earnings withheld to purchase up to shares of our common stock each six-month period. The purchase price of the stock is of the lower of its beginning-of-the-period or end-of-the-period market prices. At December 31, 2022 , we have issued shares of common stock since the Plan s inception. Tax Benefits Preservation Plan On August 24, 2020, the Company's Board of Directors (the Board adopted the Tax Benefits Preservation Plan Rights Agreement ), which is a stockholder rights plan designed to reduce the risk that the Company s ability to use its net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes to reduce potential future income tax obligations would become subject to limitation by reason of the Company experiencing an ownership change, as defined in Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. The Rights Agreement was ratified by the shareholders on an advisory, nonbinding basis at the May 2021 shareholder meeting. Under the Rights Agreement, the Board declared a dividend of one right (a Right for each of the Company s issued and outstanding shares of common stock, par value per share Common Stock ). The dividend will be paid to the stockholders of record at the close of business on (the Record Date ). , par value per share (the Series A Preferred Stock ), at a price of (the Exercise Price ), subject to certain adjustments. The fair value of the Rights was not significant. The Rights will not be exercisable until the earlier to occur of (i) the close of business on the tenth business day after a public announcement or filing that a person or group of affiliated or associated persons has become an Acquiring Person, which is defined as a person or group of affiliated or associated persons that, at any time after the date of the Rights Agreement, has acquired, or obtained the right to acquire, beneficial ownership of or more of the Company s outstanding shares of Common Stock, subject to certain exceptions or (ii) the close of business on the tenth business day after the commencement of, or announcement of an intention to commence, a tender offer or exchange offer the consummation of which would result in any person becoming an Acquiring Person (the earlier of such dates being called the Distribution Date ). The Rights, which are not exercisable until the Distribution Date, will expire at or prior to the earliest of (i) the close of business on ; (ii) the time at which the Rights are redeemed pursuant to the Rights Agreement; (iii) the time at which the Rights are exchanged pursuant to the Rights Agreement; (iv) the time at which the Rights are terminated upon the occurrence of certain mergers or other transactions approved in advance by the Board; and (v) the close of business on the date set by the Board following a determination by the Board that (x) the Rights Agreement is no longer necessary or desirable for the preservation of the Tax Benefits or (y) no Tax Benefits are available to be carried forward or are otherwise available. There were issuances of Series A Preferred Stock during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. 

The total expense of all retirement plans for the years ended December 31, 2022 , 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. The Company does not sponsor or participate in any other post-retirement benefit plans. 

We, as well as other specialty metal manufacturers, are subject to demanding environmental standards imposed by federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations. We are not aware of any environmental condition that currently exists at any of our facilities that would cause a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or liquidity in a particular future quarter or year. Our purchase obligations include the value of all open purchase orders with established quantities and purchase prices, as well as minimum purchase commitments, all made in the normal course of business. At December 31, 2022 , our total purchase obligations were approximately million, of which approximately million will be due in 2023. 

 46 
 
 ITEM 9.	CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCO UNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 
 ITEM 9A.	CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Our management, including our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer and our Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, performed an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based on that evaluation, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer and our Vice President and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, our disclosure controls and procedures are effective. Management s Report on our internal control over financial reporting is included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the caption Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting and is incorporated herein by reference. Our independent registered public accounting firm has issued a report on management s maintenance of effective internal control over financial reporting and is set forth in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the caption Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 During the last fiscal quarter of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting which have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 ITEM 9B.	OTHE R INFORMATION 
 None. 
 ITEM 9C.	DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 Not applicable. 

47 
 
 PART III 
 ITEM 10.	DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OF FICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 The information concerning the directors of the Company is set forth in the Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the Proxy Statement to be sent to stockholders in connection with our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, under the heading Proposal No. 1 Election of Directors, which information is incorporated by reference. With the exception of the information specifically incorporated herein by reference, our Proxy Statement is not to be deemed filed as part of this report for the purposes of this Item. 
 In addition to the information set forth under the caption Executive Officers in Part I of this report, the information concerning our directors required by this item is incorporated and made part hereof by reference to the material appearing under the heading Nominees for Election as Directors in our Proxy Statement, which will be filed with the SEC, pursuant to Regulation 14A, not later than 120 days after the end of the 2022 fiscal year. Information concerning the Audit Committee and its audit committee financial expert required by this item is incorporated and made part hereof by reference to the material appearing under the heading Committees of the Board of Directors in the Proxy Statement. Information required by this item regarding compliance with Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, to the extent required to be included therein, is incorporated and made a part hereof by reference to the material appearing under the heading Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports in the Proxy Statement. Information concerning the executive officers of the Company is contained in Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the caption Executive Officers. 
 We have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to all directors and employees, including its principal executive officer and principal financial officer. A copy is available through our website at http://www.univstainless.com. Information on our website is not part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We intend to timely disclose any amendment of or waiver under the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics on our website and will retain such information on our website as required by applicable SEC rules. 
 ITEM 11.	EXECUT IVE COMPENSATION 
 The information concerning executive compensation is set forth in the Proxy Statement under the heading Executive Compensation, which information is incorporated by reference. With the exception of the information specifically incorporated herein by reference, the Proxy Statement is not to be deemed filed as part of this report for the purposes of this Item. 
 ITEM 12.	SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OW NERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 The information concerning security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management is set forth in the Proxy Statement under the heading Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management, which information is incorporated by reference. With the exception of the information specifically incorporated herein by reference, the Proxy Statement is not to be deemed filed as part of this report for the purposes of this Item. 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information: 
 Securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans at December 31, 2022 were as follows: 

Plan Category 
 
 Number of shares to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options 

Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options 

Number of shares remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (A) 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 

815,725 

16.78 

761,353 

Total 

815,725 

16.78 

761,353 

(A) Includes 676,977 shares of common stock not issued under the Universal Stainless Alloy Products, Inc. 2017 Equity Incentive Plan and 84,376 available under the 1996 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as amended. 

48 
 
 ITEM 13.	CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 The information concerning certain relationships and related transactions, and director independence is set forth in the Proxy Statement under the heading The Board of Directors, which information is incorporated by reference. With the exception of the information specifically incorporated herein by reference, the Proxy Statement is not to be deemed filed as part of this report for the purposes of this Item. 
 ITEM 14.	PRINCIPAL ACCO UNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 The information concerning principal accountant fees and services is set forth in the Proxy Statement under the heading Principal Accountant Fees and Services, which information is incorporated by reference. With the exception of the information specifically incorporated herein by reference, the Proxy Statement is not to be deemed filed as part of this report for the purposes of this Item. 
 
 49 
 
 PART IV 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 The following documents are filed as part of this Form 10-K: 
 1) Financial Statements 
 The list of financial statements required by this item is set forth in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 2) Consolidated Financial Statement Schedules 

Year ended December 31, 2021 

() 

Year ended December 31, 2020 

() 

Valuation allowance for deferred income taxes: 

Year ended December 31, 2022 

() 

Year ended December 31, 2021 

Year ended December 31, 2020 

() 

(A) 

50 
 
 3) Exhibits 

EXHIBIT NUMBER 
 
 DESCRIPTION 

3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017. 

3.2 
 
 Third Amended and Restated By-laws of the Company 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 16, 2022. 

3.3 
 
 Certificate of Designations of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock of Universal Stainless Alloy Products, Inc. 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 24, 2020. 

4.1 
 
 Specimen Copy of Stock Certificate for shares of Common Stock 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1998. 

4.2 
 
 Description of Registrant s Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020. 

4.3 
 
 Tax Benefits Preservation Plan, date as of August 24, 2020, by and between Universal Stainless Alloy Products, Inc. and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as Rights Agent 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 24, 2020. 

10.1 
 
 Stockholders Agreement dated as of August 1, 1994, by and among the Company and its existing stockholders 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017. 

10.2 
 
 Omnibus Incentive Plan 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Appendix B of the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement dated April 25, 2012. 

10.3 
 
 Employment Agreement dated December 21, 2007 between the Company and Dennis M. Oates 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2007. 

10.4 
 
 Employment Agreement dated April 21, 2008 between the Company and Christopher M. Zimmer 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010. 

10.5 
 
 Employment Agreement dated August 5, 2015 between the Company and Graham McIntosh 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2015. 

10.6 
 
 Employment Agreement dated April 1, 2020, between the Company and John J. Arminas 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020. 

10.7 
 
 Form of notice of grant of restricted stock award. 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2012. 

10.8 
 
 Form of non-statutory stock option agreement. 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014. 

10.9 
 
 Form of incentive stock option agreement. 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014. 

51 

EXHIBIT NUMBER 
 
 DESCRIPTION 

10.10 
 
 Form of non-statutory stock option agreement for eligible directors. 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014. 

10.11 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Revolving Credit, Term Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of March 17, 2021, by and among Universal Stainless Alloy Products, Inc., the other borrowers party thereto, the guarantors party thereto from time to time, PNC Bank, National Association, as administrative agent and co-collateral agent, Bank of America, N.A., as co-collateral agent, the lenders party thereto from time to time and PNC Capital Markets LLC, as sole lead arranger and sole bookrunner. 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 17, 2021. 

10.12 
 
 Universal Stainless Alloy Products, Inc. Amended and Restated 1996 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 7, 2021. 

10.13 
 
 Universal Stainless Alloy Products, Inc. Amended and Restated 2017 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 7, 2021. 

10.14 
 
 Form of Non-Employee Director Stock Option Award Agreement (Universal Stainless Alloy Products, Inc. 2017 Equity Incentive Plan) 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2017. 

10.15 
 
 Form of Non-Employee Director RSU Award Agreement (Universal Stainless Alloy Products, Inc. 2017 Equity Incentive Plan) 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2017. 

10.16 
 
 Form of Employee Stock Option Award Agreement (Universal Stainless Alloy Products, Inc. 2017 Equity Incentive Plan) 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2017. 

10.17 
 
 Form of Employee RSU Award Agreement (Universal Stainless Alloy Products, Inc. 2017 Equity Incentive Plan) 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2017. 

52 

EXHIBIT NUMBER 
 
 DESCRIPTION 

10.18 
 
 Form of Retention Stock Option Award Agreement (Universal Stainless Alloy Products, Inc. 2017 Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2017. 

10.19 
 
 Form of Retention RSU Award Agreement (Universal Stainless Alloy Products, Inc. 2017 Equity Incentive Plan) 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2017. 

10.20 
 
 Amendment to the Employment Agreement dated December 21, 2007 between the Company and Dennis M. Oates 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019. 

10.21 
 
 Amendment to the Employment Agreement dated April 21, 2008 between the Company and Christopher M. Zimmer 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.24 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019. 

10.22 
 
 Employment Agreement dated April 15, 2019, between the Company and Wendel L. Crosby 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

10.23 
 
 Employment Agreement dated April 1, 2022, between the Company and Steven V. DiTommaso 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022. 

10.24 
 
 Amendment to the Universal Stainless Alloy Products, Inc. Amended and Restated 2017 Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 6, 2022. 

10.25 
 
 First Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Revolving Credit, Term Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of October 19, 2022, by and among Universal Stainless Alloy Products, Inc., the other borrowers party thereto, the guarantors party thereto from time to time, PNC Bank, National Association, as administrative agent and co-collateral agent, Bank of America, N.A., as co-collateral agent, the lenders party thereto from time to time and PNC Capital Markets LLC, as sol lead arranger and sole bookrunner 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 24, 2022. 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of Registrant 
 
 Filed herewith. 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Schneider Downs Co., Inc. 
 
 Filed herewith. 

24.1 
 
 Powers of Attorney 
 
 Included on the signature page herein. 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 Filed herewith. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 Filed herewith. 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 Filed herewith. 

53 

EXHIBIT NUMBER 
 
 DESCRIPTION 

101 
 
 The following financial information from this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, formatted in XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language) and furnished electronically herewith: (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020; (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income; (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020; (v) the Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020; and (vi) the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Filed herewith. 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL). 
 
 Contained in Exhibit 101. 

- Reflects management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement to be filed as an exhibit pursuant to Item 15(b) of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 Not Applicable. 
 
 54 
 
 SIGNAT URES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on February 24, 2023. 

UNIVERSAL STAINLESS ALLOY PRODUCTS, INC. 

By: 
 
 /s/ Dennis M. Oates 

Dennis M. Oates 

Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 Each of the officers and directors of Universal Stainless Alloy Products, Inc., whose signature appears below in so signing also makes, constitutes and appoints Dennis M. Oates and John Arminas, and each of them acting alone, his true and lawful attorney-in-fact, with full power of substitution, for him in any and all capacities, to execute and cause to be filed with the SEC any and all amendment or amendments to this Report on Form 10-K, with exhibits thereto and other documents connected therewith and to perform any acts necessary to be done in order to file such documents, and hereby ratifies and confirms all that said attorney-in-fact, or his substitute or substitutes, may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

SIGNATURE 
 
 TITLE 
 
 DATE 

/s/ Dennis M. Oates 
 
 Chairman, President, Chief Executive Officer and 
 
 February 24, 2023 

Dennis M. Oates 
 
 Director (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Steven V. DiTommaso 
 
 Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 February 24, 2023 

Steven V. DiTommaso 
 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Christopher L. Ayers 
 
 Director 
 
 February 24, 2023 

Christopher L. Ayers 

/s/ Judith L. Bacchus 
 
 Director 
 
 February 24, 2023 

Judith L. Bacchus 

/s/ M. David Kornblatt 
 
 Director 
 
 February 24, 2023 

M. David Kornblatt 

/s/ Udi Toledano 
 
 Director 
 
 February 24, 2023 

Udi Toledano 

55 

<EX-21>
 2
 usap-ex21_1.htm
 EX-21.1

EX-21 

Exhibit 21.1 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF REGISTRANT 
 Below are the only active wholly-owned subsidiaries of the registrant and its jurisdiction of organization. 

Doing Business As 
 
 State of Incorporation 

Dunkirk Specialty Steel, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

North Jackson Specialty Steel, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 3
 usap-ex23_1.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23 

Exhibit 23.1 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (No. 333-13509, No. 333-13511, No. 333-100263, No. 333-136984, No. 333-184334, No. 333-184335, No. 333-184336, No. 333-212065, No. 333-217794, No. 333-255909, No. 333-255910 and No. 333-265149) and on Form S-3 (No. 333-212064 and No. 333-225198) of Universal Stainless Alloy Products, Inc. of our report dated February 22, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements, financial statement schedule and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Universal Stainless Alloy Products, Inc., which appears in this Form 10-K. 

/s/ Schneider Downs Co., Inc. 

Schneider Downs Co., Inc. 

Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 

February 24, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31>
 4
 usap-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Dennis M. Oates, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Universal Stainless Alloy Products, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 24, 2023 

/s/ Dennis M. Oates 

Dennis M. Oates 

Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 5
 usap-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Steven V. DiTommaso, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Universal Stainless Alloy Products, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 24, 2023 

/s/ Steven V. DiTommaso 

Steven V. DiTommaso 

Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 6
 usap-ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32 

Exhibit 32 .1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Universal Stainless Alloy Products, Inc. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the SEC on the date hereof (the Report ), each of the undersigned, in the capacities and on the dates indicated below, hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to his knowledge: 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: February 24, 2023 
 
 /s/ Dennis M. Oates 

Dennis M. Oates 

Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: February 24, 2023 
 
 /s/ Steven V. DiTommaso 

Steven V. DiTommaso 

Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 usap-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 usap-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 usap-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 usap-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 usap-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

