<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230228_10-K_edgar_data_1069183_0001558370-23-002413.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>21323833</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>799318</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2536320</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>8344859</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3015541</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>5963001</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001558370-23-002413.hdr.sgml : 20230228
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230228170200
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001558370-23-002413
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		130
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230228
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230228

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AXON ENTERPRISE, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001069183
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ORDNANCE & ACCESSORIES, (NO VEHICLES/GUIDED MISSILES) [3480]
		IRS NUMBER:				860741227
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-16391
		FILM NUMBER:		23686929

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		17800 N. 85TH ST.
		CITY:			SCOTTSDALE
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85255
		BUSINESS PHONE:		480-991-0797

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		17800 N. 85TH ST.
		CITY:			SCOTTSDALE
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85255

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TASER INTERNATIONAL INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20010212

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001558370-23-002413.txt : 20230228

10-K
 1
 axon-20221231x10k.htm
 10-K

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 Form (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended , or TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from ______ to _______ Commission File Number: 

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer incorporation or organization) Identification No.) , (Zip Code) (Address of principal executive offices) Registrant s telephone number, including area code: Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of exchange on which registered The Global Select Market Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None (Title of Class) Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 762(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No As of June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately billion based on the closing sale price as reported on The NASDAQ Global Select Market. The number of shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding as of February 24, 2023 was DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Table of Contents 
 AXON ENTERPRISE, INC. INDEX TO ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 

PART I Page Item 1. Business 6 Item 1A. Risk Factors 14 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 33 Item 2. Properties 33 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 34 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 34 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 35 Item 6. [Reserved] 36 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 37 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 53 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 55 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 102 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 102 Item 9B. Other Information 106 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspection 106 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 106 Item 11. Executive Compensation 106 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 106 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 107 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 107 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 107 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 109 
 2 

Table of Contents 
 PART I Statements contained in this report that are not historical are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), including statements regarding our expectations, beliefs, intentions and strategies regarding the future. We intend that such forward-looking statements be subject to the safe-harbor provided by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements give our current expectations or forecasts of future events; they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. Words such as may, will, should, could, would, predict, potential, continue, expect, anticipate, future, intend, plan, believe, estimate, and similar expressions, as well as statements in future tense, identify forward-looking statements. However, not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. We cannot guarantee that any forward-looking statement will be realized, although we believe we have been prudent in our plans and assumptions. Achievement of future results is subject to risks, uncertainties and potentially inaccurate assumptions. Many events beyond our control may determine whether results we anticipate will be achieved. Should known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove inaccurate, actual results could differ materially from past results and those anticipated, estimated or projected. You should bear this in mind as you consider forward-looking statements. This report lists various important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from expected and historical results. These factors are intended as cautionary statements for investors within the meaning of Section 21E of the Exchange Act and Section 27A of the Securities Act. Readers can find them under the heading Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and investors should refer to them. You should understand that it is not possible to predict or identify all such factors. Consequently, you should not consider any such list to be a complete set of all potential risks or uncertainties. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to publicly update forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. You are advised, however, to consult any further disclosures we make on related subjects in our Form 10-Q, 8-K and 10-K reports to the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). Our filings with the SEC may be accessed at the SEC s web site at www.sec.gov. Risk Factor Summary The following is only a summary of the principal risks that may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. The following should be read in conjunction with the more complete discussion of the risk factors we face, which are set forth more fully in Part I. Item 1A. Risk Factors. Strategic Risks If law enforcement agencies do not continue to purchase and use our products and services, our growth prospects, operating results and financial conditions will be adversely affected. If our TASER conducted energy devices CEDs do not continue to be widely accepted, our growth prospects will be diminished. If we are unable to design, introduce, sell and deploy new products or new product features successfully, our business and financial results could be adversely affected. We face risks associated with rapid technological change and new competing products. Our future success is dependent on our ability to expand sales through direct sales and distributors and our inability to increase direct sales or recruit new distributors would negatively affect our sales. Acquisitions of, or investments in, other companies, products, or technologies could disrupt our business, dilute stockholder value, and adversely affect our operating results. Our failure to retain executive officers, specifically Patrick W. Smith, could adversely impact our business. Operational Risks Unavailability of materials or higher costs could adversely affect our financial results. 
 3 

Table of Contents 
 Material adverse developments in domestic and global economic conditions, or the occurrence of other world events, could materially adversely affect our revenue and results of operations. To the extent demand for our products increases, our future success will be dependent upon our ability to manage our growth and to increase manufacturing production capacity. Delays in product development schedules could adversely affect our revenues and cash flows. We expend significant resources in anticipation of a sale and may receive no revenue in return. Changes in civil forfeiture laws may affect our customers ability to purchase our products. Catastrophic events could materially adversely affect our business and/or financial condition. If our security measures or those of our third-party cloud storage providers are breached and unauthorized access is obtained to customers data or our data, our network, customers may curtail or stop using our service and we may incur significant legal and financial exposure and liabilities. Defects or disruptions in our services could impact demand for our services and subject us to substantial liability. Defects in our products could reduce demand for our products or result in product recalls and result in a loss of sales, delay in market acceptance and damage to our reputation. Our international operations expose us to additional risks that could adversely affect our business. We depend on our ability to attract and retain our key management, sales and technical personnel. If we fail to comply with federal, state or local regulations applicable to TASER 10 we may be subject to governmental actions or litigation which could adversely affect our business. If we fail to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting or identify a material weakness or significant deficiency, our ability to accurately and timely report our financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected, investor confidence could diminish, and the value of our common stock may decline. Financial Risks An increasing percentage of our revenue is derived from subscription billing arrangements which may result in delayed cash collections and may increase customer credit risk on receivables and contract assets. We may experience a decline in gross margins due to a shift in product sales to software and sensors products and services which may continue to carry a lower gross margin than that of TASER devices. Software-as-a-Service revenue for Axon Evidence is recognized over the terms of the contracts, which may be several years, and, as such, trends in new business may not be immediately reflected in our operating results. Most of our end-user customers are subject to budgetary and political constraints that may prevent sales. Due to municipal government funding rules, certain of our contracts are subject to various cancellation clauses, which could allow our customers to cancel or not exercise options to renew contracts in the future. We maintain most of our cash balances, some of which are not insured, at three depository institutions. Stock transactions may have a material, unpredictable impact on our results of operations and may result in dilution to existing shareholders. Our financial performance is subject to risks associated with changes in the value of the U.S. dollar versus local currencies. Unanticipated changes in our effective tax rate and additional tax liabilities may impact our operating results. Our revenues and operating results may fluctuate unexpectedly, which may cause our stock price to decline. Legal and Compliance Risks We may face personal injury, wrongful death, product liability and other liability claims that harm our reputation and adversely affect our sales and financial condition. Other litigation, government inquiries and regulatory actions may subject us to significant costs and judgments and divert management attention from our business. 
 4 

Table of Contents 
 We have been, and may be subject to intellectual property infringement and other claims, which could incur substantial litigation costs, result in significant damage awards, inhibit our use of certain technologies, and divert management attention from our business. If we are unable to protect our intellectual property, the value of our brands and products may decrease and we may lose our competitive market advantage. We may be limited in our ability to enforce patent rights internationally to only those jurisdictions in which our patent applications have been granted. A variety of new and existing laws and/or interpretations could materially and adversely affect our business. o Our business could be adversely affected by rules and regulations governing our radio spectrum devices. o Changes in statutes, regulations, and interpretation outside of our control may result in our products being classified or reclassified as firearms and could substantially reduce our private citizen market. o Failure to comply with U.S. federal regulations could disrupt our operations. o Our inability to obtain export licenses or classifications on a timely basis for sales of our products to our international customers could adversely affect our international sales. o Inability to comply with federal regulation of foreign national employees could curtail the company s ability to execute research and development and production related to CED technology. o Our product sales may be adversely affected by state and local governmental regulation of our TASER-branded devices. o Certain jurisdictions prohibit, restrict, or require a permit for importation, sale, possession or use of CEDs, including in some countries by law enforcement agencies, limiting our international sales opportunities. o Abrupt changes to domestic and international regulation of imports and exports of components in our supply chain can result in delays or interruptions to final product supplies. o Any failure to properly maintain or license our foreign operations could limit our ability to sell, support, or develop our products and services both internationally and in the U.S. market. o We may be adversely impacted by environmental or climate change disclosure litigation and new, or changes in, environmental safety laws, regulations or rules. o Our inability to adequately address privacy concerns, or comply with applicable laws, regulations, policies, industry standards and guidance, contractual obligations, or other legal obligations, could result in signi cant regulatory and third party liability, increased costs and may adversely affect our business. We are subject to evolving corporate governance and public disclosure regulations and expectations that could expose us to numerous risks. Risks Related to our Convertible Notes Servicing our debt requires a significant amount of cash, and we may not have sufficient cash flow to pay our substantial debt. The conditional conversion feature of our 0.50 Convertible Senior Notes due 2027 (the Notes , if triggered, may adversely affect our operating results. Conversion of the Notes may dilute the ownership interest of our stockholders or may otherwise depress the price of our common stock. Changes in the accounting treatment for the Notes may have a material effect on our reported financial results. The convertible note hedge and warrant transactions may affect the value of the Notes and our common stock. We are subject to counterparty risk with respect to the convertible note hedge transactions. 
 
 5 

Table of Contents 
 Item 1. Business Axon Enterprise, Inc. may be referred to as the Company, Axon, we, or our. Overview Axon s mission is to protect life in service of promoting peace, justice and strong institutions. Our moonshot goal is to cut gun-related deaths between police and the public in the United States by 50 percent before 2033. As a technology leader in global public safety, Axon is building the public safety operating system of the future by integrating a suite of hardware devices and cloud software solutions that lead modern policing. Axon s suite includes TASER energy devices, body-worn cameras, in-car cameras, cloud-hosted digital evidence management solutions, productivity software and real-time operations capabilities. Our hardware and software solutions advance our long-term strategic vision of a) obsoleting the bullet, b) reducing social conflict, c) enabling a fair and effective justice system, and d) building for racial equity, diversity, and inclusion. Our products solve some of society s most challenging problems and our mission attracts top talent. Our research development R D investments support continuous innovation on behalf of our customers. Our financial strategy is to build highly recurring, highly profitable businesses. Axon products are generally cloud-connected, designed to drive better outcomes and customer experiences, and sold via mutually reinforcing integrated bundles. Axon s operations comprise two reportable segments: 1. Software and Sensors: We develop, manufacture and sell fully integrated hardware and cloud-based software solutions that enable law enforcement to capture, securely store, manage, share and analyze video and other digital evidence. Our software offerings also support productivity and real-time operations. 2. TASER: Axon is the market leader in the development, manufacture and sale of conducted energy devices CEDs ), which we sell under our brand name, TASER. 
 Further information about our reportable segments and sales by geographic region is included in Notes 1, 2 and 20 of the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. For backlog by reportable segment, refer to Part II, Item 7 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Axon employees are distributed across multiple geographies and report to work via a remote-hybrid model, which leverages both in-person collaboration environments as well as cloud-based software tools that enable remote productivity. Our physical headquarters in Scottsdale, Arizona houses some executive management, sales, marketing, certain engineering, manufacturing, finance and other administrative support functions. Our other key in-person facilities include Seattle, London and Ho Chi Minh City. We also have subsidiaries, and in some cases offices located in Australia, Canada, Finland, France, Germany, Hong Kong, India, Italy, the Netherlands, Spain, the United Kingdom, and Vietnam. Key Product Category Revenue Drivers: What We Offer Axon products are generally cloud-connected, designed to drive better outcomes and customer experiences, and sold via mutually reinforcing integrated bundles. Our key revenue drivers belong to three broad product categories: TASER: We develop smart devices, tools and services that support public safety officers in de-escalating situations, avoiding or minimizing use of force and aiding consumer personal protection. These tools include TASER devices, virtual reality training services and consumer devices. Research has shown that TASER devices are the most effective less-than-lethal force option, with the lowest likelihood of injury to officers and assailants. Since our inception in 1993, TASER devices have been 
 6 

Table of Contents 
 adopted by a majority of U.S. state and local police departments and are used daily to help keep communities safe. Global adoption of TASER devices remains early and we are expanding into new geographies. Axon VR solutions make public safety training more accessible, relevant and affordable with the goal of using new immersive VR technologies to better prepare officers for real-life situations in the field. Sensors: Axon devices address many needs, including transparency, real-time situational awareness, and capturing evidence accurately and integrating with software workflows. Product categories within sensors include Axon body cameras, Axon Fleet in-car systems, and other devices that work with our software. Software: Axon is building a suite of cloud-based, software-as-a-service SaaS solutions that integrate with our sensors and TASER devices to benefit customers and drive annual recurring revenue, which totaled 473 million (a) as of December 31, 2022. We have many SaaS solutions, which can best be trisected into three categories: digital evidence management, productivity and real-time operations solutions. Axon Evidence is the world s largest cloud-hosted public safety data repository of public safety video data and other types of digital evidence. Our productivity suite, which includes Axon Records, is designed to save officers time spent writing reports and doing paperwork. And our real-time operations capabilities, which include Axon Respond, integrates location data, signal alerts and video feeds to provide a complete picture of evolving situations. 
 (a) Monthly recurring license, integration, warranty, and storage revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Sales and Distribution: Who We Sell To and Where We Deliver We think of our core customers as falling into roughly four categories of funding sources: U.S. state and local governments, the U.S. federal government, international government customers, and commercial enterprises. Additionally, the types of customers who find value in our product offerings are expanding beyond law enforcement to include attorneys, fire and EMS personnel, corrections and the U.S. military. Axon s sales force and strong customer relationships represent key strategic advantages. The majority of our revenues are generated via direct sales, including our online store, although we do leverage distribution partners and third-party resellers. Our largest customer segment is U.S. state and local law enforcement. Axon has a customer relationship with over 95 of state and local law enforcement agencies in the United States. The remaining agencies are served via our telesales team, as well as distributors. No customer represented more than 10 of total net sales for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 or 2020. We are diversifying into new markets by adding new types of customer profiles, or users, and by adding to our core customer base. In recent years, we have been investing in sales personnel to capture these new markets, and in 2023, we will focus on strategic headcount additions to support key new markets and newer products. Governmental agencies generally have the ability to terminate our contracts, in whole or in part, for reasons including, but not limited to, non-appropriation of funds. We continue to monitor developments in federal government funding. Resources Manufacturing and Supply Chain We perform light manufacturing, final assembly, and final test operations at our headquarters in Scottsdale, Arizona, and own substantially all of the equipment required to develop, prototype, manufacture and assemble our finished products. We have continued to maintain both our ISO 9001 and our ISO 9001:2015 certifications. 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 We continue to take steps to diversify our supply chain and global manufacturing footprint, which positioned us well managing through the recent supply chain challenges. Thus far, we have been able to produce and ship our critical core products. As we enter 2023, material availability is improving but still poses real risks to all businesses that manufacture products. Supplier decommitments remain our largest area of risk as we continue to experience this in several areas. However, we have put programs in place to mitigate this risk. We proactively manage our supply chain down to third tier suppliers to overcome material shortages as they arise. These actions align to our strategic model to help meet strong product demand while also preparing us to stagger factory work schedules as needed, which enables us to meet compressed build schedules over short periods of time. We continue to adjust strategic inventory levels based on areas of risk to mitigate potential supply disruptions. In light of our broad domestic and international geographic supplier base, we are continuously monitoring our supply chain to manage through potential impacts, identifying alternate shipping / logistic sources, and working with foreign regulators to ensure that our suppliers can provide parts. We obtain many of our components from single source suppliers; however, because we own the injection molded component tooling used in their production, we believe we could obtain alternative suppliers in most cases without incurring significant production delays. For additional discussion of sources and availability of raw materials, refer to Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We provide limited manufacturer s warranties on our Axon devices and CEDs, and customers also have the option to purchase extended warranties. For additional information about our warranties, refer to Note 1 in the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Intellectual Property We protect our intellectual property with U.S. and international patents and trademarks. Our patents and pending patent applications relate to technology used by us in connection with our products. We also rely on international treaties, organizations and laws to protect our intellectual property. As of December 31, 2022, we hold 274 U.S. patents, 109 U.S. registered trademarks, 165 international patents, and 415 international registered trademarks, and also have numerous patent and trademark applications pending. We continuously assess whether and where to seek formal protection for particular innovations and technologies based on such factors as the commercial significance of our operations and our competitors operations in particular countries and regions, our strategic technology or product directions in different countries, and the degree to which intellectual property laws exist and are meaningfully enforced in different jurisdictions. We have the exclusive rights to many Internet domain names, primarily including Axon.com , Evidence.com , and TASER.com. We also vigorously protect our intellectual property, including trademarks, patents and trade secrets against third-party infringement. Confidentiality agreements are used with employees, consultants and key suppliers to help ensure the confidentiality of our trade secrets. Competition Sensors Connected Cameras and Digital Evidence Management Software: The body-worn camera and in-car video/automatic license plate readers market is highly competitive. Our competition includes Motorola Solutions, Utility Associates, Getac Technology Corporation, Panasonic Corp., Reveal Media, Safe Fleet, Digital Ally Inc., Visual Labs Inc., Intrensic, LLC, as well as Safety Vision, LLC, Rekor Systems Inc., and Genetec Inc. The market for software solutions to improve public safety agency workflows is both highly fragmented and highly competitive. Our cloud-based digital evidence management system, Axon Evidence, competes with both cloud-based platforms and on-premises based systems designed by third-parties or developed internally by an agency s technology staff. Our competition includes Motorola Solutions, Panasonic Corp., IBM, Oracle, FotoWare, Vidizmo, LLC, NICE, QueTel Corporation, OpenText Corporation, and FileOnQ among others. 
 8 

Table of Contents 
 Key competitive factors in this market include product performance, product features (including live-streaming, GPS tracking, and pre-event buffering), battery life, product quality and warranty, total cost of ownership, data security, data and information workflows, company reputation and financial strength, and relationships with customers. Productivity and Real-Time Operations Records Management System (RMS) and Computer Aided Dispatch (CAD): The RMS and CAD markets are highly competitive and highly fragmented. We have identified more than 50 software providers, including Motorola Solutions, Tyler Technologies, Central Square Technologies (formerly Superion, TriTech and Aptean), Northrop Grumman, Hexagon AB, Niche Technology Inc., Caliber Public Safety (parent, Harris Computer Systems), Saab, SOMA Global, RapidDeploy Inc., Sopra Steria, Mark43 Inc, and CSI Technology Group. In addition, not all law enforcement agencies use software for report writing some still use paper. We believe our network of camera sensors and digital evidence management platform give us a strategic advantage in these product categories. Our Respond offering competes both with real-time operations platforms that ingest body camera video feeds, like Motorola s CommandCentral Aware, Hitachi s Visualization Suite and Genetec s Citigraf as well as platforms that ingest video feeds exclusively from surveillance cameras, like Rave Mobile Safety, Live Earth and Mutualink among others. TASER for Professional User Markets: Our CEDs compete with a variety of less-lethal alternatives to firearms, including rubber bullets or rubber baton rounds, such as those made by Combined Systems; pepper spray, pepper spray projectiles, such as those made by Byrna Technologies Inc. (dba Fox Labs), SABRE Corporation, and Mace Security International, Inc.; traditional stun guns, such as those made by UZI and Jolt; hand-held remote restraint devices involving a tether, such as the one made by Wrap Technologies Inc.; laser dazzlers that cause temporary blindness, such as the one made by B.E. Meyers Co., Inc.; stun grenades, such as those made by Combined Systems, Inc.; long-range acoustic devices, such as the one made by Genasys Inc.; police batons and night sticks, such as those made by Monadnock and by Armament Systems and Procedures, Inc. TASER devices offer advanced technology, versatility, portability, effectiveness, built-in accountability systems, and low injury rates, which enable us to compete effectively against other less-lethal alternatives. TASER devices also offer connectivity to our cloud network, which allows law enforcement agencies and other professional users to more effectively manage their less-lethal programs and automate use-of-force reporting. The primary competitive factors in this market include a device s accuracy, effectiveness, reputation, safety, cost, ease of use, and exceptional customer experience. The design maturity of the TASER platform, as well as our development and sale of a two-shot device, are also key competitive differentiators. We are aware of competitors providing competing CED products primarily in international markets. Virtual Reality VR De-Escalation Training for Law Enforcement, Corrections and Private Security Markets: Our VR Training platform competes with several other companies in the space who offer simulation scenarios, including simulated training on the use of both lethal and less-lethal alternatives. Our competition in this space includes VirTra Inc., Apex Officer, Laser Shot Inc., InVeris Training Solutions Inc., MILO, Ti Training Corp, Adaptive VR Ltd. (AVRT), V-Armed, Street Smarts VR and WRAP Technologies. Key competitive factors in this market include scale of content library, integration to additional sensors and devices (e.g. haptic suit, TASER), ease of use, visual fidelity and realism, quality of immersion experience (enhanced by capabilities such as eye tracking and speech recognition) and portability. TASER for Personal Safety: In the private citizen market, TASER devices compete with firearms and with other less-than-lethal self-defense options such as stun guns and pepper spray-based products including pepper guns and miniature spray cans. Leading competitors in the less-than-lethal space include Byrna Technologies, Inc., Salt Supply Co., PepperBall, Mace, SABRE and Vipertek. The TASER StrikeLight competes in the flashlight category, in which there are dozens, if not hundreds, of competitors, including tactical flashlight providers with and without stun-gun capabilities. TASER personal safety devices are not stun guns, and have different capabilities, including NMI (neuro-muscular incapacitation) functionality. The broader market for personal safety and home defense is far-reaching, and 
 9 

Table of Contents 
 categories range from threat detection and accountability (dash and doorbell cameras), to home security (home alarms, locks, and response services) to personal defense (firearms, stun guns, TASER devices, pepper spray, tactical flashlights, and personal alarms), to personal tracking and emergency notification mobile applications. The primary benefit of TASER devices is in less-than-lethal stopping power. Other competitive factors include a device s cost, effectiveness, safety, ease of use, and available training options. Non-Axon trademarks are property of their respective owners. Seasonality We have historically experienced higher net sales in our fourth quarter compared to other quarters in our fiscal year due primarily to municipal budget cycles. Additionally, new product introductions can significantly impact the cadence of net sales, product costs and operating expenses. Municipal law enforcement budgets tend to feature a mix of fiscal years that end in either June, September or December. However, historical seasonal patterns, municipal budgets or historical patterns of product introductions should not be considered reliable indicators of our future net sales or financial performance. Governmental Regulation We are subject to a variety of laws and regulations in the United States and abroad that involve matters central to our business, including, for example, laws and regulations related to: privacy and data protection, security, retention, and deletion; rights of publicity; content; intellectual property; regulation of certain of our CEDs as firearms; advertising; marketing; distribution; electronic contracts and other communications; competition; consumer protection; telecommunications; product liability; taxation; labor and employment; economic or other trade prohibitions or sanctions; securities; and online payment services. There are a number of legislative proposals in the U.S., at both the federal and state level, that could impose new obligations in areas affecting our business, such as liability for copyright infringement by third parties. Foreign laws and regulations can impose different obligations or be more restrictive than those in the U.S. These U.S. federal and state and foreign laws and regulations, which in some cases can be enforced by private parties in addition to government entities, are constantly evolving and can be subject to significant change. As a result, the application, interpretation, and enforcement of these laws and regulations are often uncertain and may be interpreted and applied inconsistently from country to country and inconsistently with our current policies and practices. See Item 1A. Risk Factors Legal and Compliance Risks - A variety of new and existing laws and/or interpretations could materially and adversely affect our business. Radio Spectrum Devices Certain of our products utilize the radio spectrum to provide wireless voice, data and video communications services. The allocation of spectrum is regulated in the U.S. and other countries and limited spectrum space is allocated to wireless services and specifically to public safety users. In the U.S., the Federal Communications Commission FCC regulates spectrum use by non-federal entities and federal entities. Similarly, countries around the world have one or more regulatory bodies that define and implement the rules for use of radio spectrum and electromagnetic interference, pursuant to their respective national laws. We manufacture and, after receiving the required approvals, we market our products in spectrum bands already made available by regulatory bodies. Axon body worn cameras, docks, fleet vehicle cameras and signal devices are subject to FCC s rules and regulations. The FCC regulates not only the intentional radiation of radio transmitters, but also the unintentional radiation of noise from all sorts of electrical equipment. Current Axon products use Bluetooth, WiFi and/or Long-Term Evolution LTE radio technologies. With the integration of LTE technologies, we must also apply for the approval of private certifications such as Cellular Telecommunications and Internet Association certification, required 
 10 

Table of Contents 
 by FirstNet and other operators. These regulations affect CEDs with Signal technology, including the TASER 7 and TASER 10, SPPM, and future CEDs implementing wireless technology. Axon and TASER Devices For our TASER products, we rely on the opinions of the U.S. Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives ATF ), including the determination that a device that does not expel projectiles by the action of an explosive is not classified as a firearm. Federal regulation of sales in the U.S.: All current CED models, with the exception of TASER 10, which launched in January 2023, are not firearms regulated by the ATF, and our consumer products are regulated by the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission. The TASER 10 is regulated by the ATF under the Gun Control Act of 1968 and is subject to applicable state and local firearms regulations that are jurisdiction-specific. Axon must maintain a federal firearms license to manufacture and sell the TASER 10, which subjects Axon to periodic compliance inspections by the ATF. License violations discovered by the ATF can result in fines, penalties, warning letters or license revocation. Additionally, if we fail to comply with ATF rules and regulations, the ATF may limit our TASER 10 activities or growth, fine us, or ultimately, suspend our ability to produce and sell the TASER 10 product line. There are currently no federal laws restricting sales of our other currently offered CED products in the U.S. Axon devices using lithium batteries are subject to U.S.-DOT/UN 38.3 for transportation. Our CED products are also subject to testing, safety and other standard organizations such as the American National Standards Institute, the International Electrotechnical Commission, the National Institute of Standards and Technology, and Underwriters Laboratories. These regulations also affect CEDs with Axon Signal technology, including Signal Performance Power Magazine technology, and TASER 7 battery packs. Federal regulation of international sales: Our CEDs are considered a crime control product by the U.S. Department of Commerce (DOC) for export directly from the U.S. which requires us to obtain an export license from the DOC for the export of our CED devices from the U.S. to any country other than Canada. Future products and services may require classifications from the DOC before they may be shipped internationally. Our inability to obtain DOC export licenses or classifications on a timely basis for sales of our products to our international customers could significantly and adversely affect our international sales. Although TASER 10 is regulated by the ATF for domestic sales, the U.S. DOC has ruled that the product s unique propulsion design has no impact on its export classification and that the TASER 10 model s export classification remains consistent with all other TASER CED models. Federal regulation of foreign national employees: Our CED development and production is also considered controlled technology by the U.S. DOC and is categorized as a deemed export for any foreign national employees exposed to the technology within the U.S. Consequently, we must obtain export licenses from the DOC for any deemed export within the U.S. made to a foreign national employee exposed to the deemed controlled technology. Deemed export licenses are subject to DOC approvals and issued licenses require annual status reports for the stated employees. Inability to obtain proper licensing could curtail the company s ability to recruit employees and execute R D and production related to CED technology. State and local regulation: Our CEDs are controlled, restricted or, less frequently, prohibited by some state and local governments. As of December 31, 2022, Rhode Island is the only state that prohibits the possession of our TASER-branded devices that are not regulated by the ATF. However, that prohibition was struck down as unconstitutional by a federal court, and new legislation is expected. Additionally, some cities and municipalities also prohibit private citizen possession or use of our CED products. However, with the launch of TASER 10 in January 2023, we may need to comply with additional state and local requirements governing the sale of firearms if that device is sold to non-law enforcement customers. International regulation of foreign imports and sales: Certain jurisdictions prohibit, restrict, or require a permit for the importation, sale, possession or use of CEDs, including in some countries by law enforcement agencies, limiting our international sales opportunities. 
 11 

Table of Contents 
 U.S. and International regulation of component movements globally: We rely on a global supply chain of components across our product lines with most final assembly occurring in the U.S. Export of these components from abroad is subject to shifting regulatory landscapes imposed by both the foreign government and U.S. authorities upon import. Additionally, certain TASER 10 components are regulated for import into the U.S. by the ATF and are subject to ATF import permits which limits Axon s ability to source from some suppliers leading to a potential decrease in supply chain agility. International regulation of foreign-based operations: We maintain foreign operations in several countries globally for purposes of logistics, sales, general and administrative services, and R D support. Depending on these activities, regulations can include business activity licensing and registration, import permits and recordkeeping, warehousing storage security and permitting, and government reporting. Environmental Regulations We are subject to various state, federal and international laws and regulations governing the environment, including restricting the presence of certain substances in our products and making producers of those products financially responsible for the collection, treatment, recycling and disposal of such products. The European Union EU has published Directives on the restriction of certain hazardous substances in electronic and electrical equipment (the RoHS Directive and on electronic and electrical waste management (the WEEE Directive ). The RoHS Directive restricts the use of a number of substances, including lead. The WEEE Directive directs members of the EU to enact laws, regulations, and administrative provisions to ensure that producers of electric and electronic equipment are financially responsible for the collection, recycling, treatment and environmentally responsible disposal of certain products sold into the EU. In addition, similar environmental legislation has been enacted in other jurisdictions, including the U.S. (under federal and state laws) and other countries. In addition, the EU has defined a regulation for the registration, evaluation, authorization and restriction of chemicals that places responsibility on companies to manage the risks from chemicals contained in products and to provide safety information about such substances. Manufacturers and importers are required to gather information on the properties of the chemical substances in their products and provide for their safe handling. As of January 5, 2021, companies supplying products on the EU market containing substances of very high concern as identified by the EU have to submit information on these products to the European Chemicals Agency. The information in their database is then made available to waste operators and consumers. Other countries have adopted chemical restrictions regulations, including but not limited to the U.S., Canada, and Australia. New, or changes in, environmental safety laws, regulations or rules could also lead to increased costs of compliance, including remediations of any discovered issues, and changes to our operations, which may be significant. Any failures to comply could result in significant expenses, delays or fines. Privacy Regulations We are subject to laws and regulations that dictate whether, how, and under what circumstances we can collect, transfer, process and/or receive certain data that is critical to our operations, including data shared between countries or regions in which we operate and data shared among our products and services. These laws and regulations often create private rights of action, impose new potential monetary penalties for noncompliance, and may require us to adopt additional contractual obligations as well as restrict our ability to store or process data. 
 12 

Table of Contents 
 We continue to monitor and assess for compliance as the regulatory environment evolves both within the United States and in relevant international markets. Laws and regulations often involve matters central to our business, including: Privacy laws, such as the European General Data Protection Regulation, California s Consumer Privacy Act and Privacy Rights Act, Illinois Biometric Information Privacy Act, Virginia s Consumer Data Protection Act, the Colorado Privacy Act and other laws. Data protection laws passed by many states within the U.S. regarding notification to data subjects or regulators where there is a security breach of personal data. Data localization or data sovereignty laws requiring that certain data types collected in a particular country be stored or processed within that country. Dynamic, and sometimes inconsistent, interpretations of what constitutes personal information enhance the complexity of complying with these regulations across jurisdictions. Human Capital Resources Our success depends on the continued service of our employees and on our ability to continue to attract, retain, and motivate top talent. To facilitate this, we strive to create a diverse and inclusive environment at Axon, with equitable opportunities for employee growth and development, supported by strong compensation and benefits and by programs that build connections between our employees and their communities. Axon s mission is central to our recruiting and retention efforts. As of December 31, 2022, we had 2,821 full-time employees and 913 temporary employees (temporary employees include contractors, interns, and consultants). During fiscal 2022, the number of full-time employees increased by 673 or 31 , primarily for product support, R D, and other support organizations. Our employees are not covered by any collective bargaining agreement, and we have never experienced a work stoppage. We believe that our relations with our employees are strong. We closed the year with our regrettable attrition rate (a) at 2.02 , well under the annual goal of 2.5 . More than 90 of employees reported feeling proud to work at Axon during 2022 s employee engagement survey. (a) Regrettable attrition is defined as rolling 12-month attrition of employees rated as top performing in the prior performance rating cycle. Diversity and Inclusion We embrace diversity, equity and inclusion. A truly innovative workforce needs to be diverse, leverage the skills and perspectives of a wealth of backgrounds and experiences, and ensure that all employees are equitably empowered to succeed. We continue to focus on the hiring, retention, development, and advancement of women and underrepresented communities. We are focused on recruiting diverse candidates and on internal talent development of our diverse leaders so that they can advance their careers and move into leadership positions. Our employee affinity groups are company-sponsored, employee-led communities that address specific needs, priorities, and barriers to success for each community of focus. These groups provide a forum for employees to discuss problems and craft solutions for each community of focus, while also creating leadership and professional development opportunities for members. Throughout 2022 we continued to see active participation in all six of our affinity groups Axon Allies for LGBTQ+ employees, APIA for Asian Pacific Islander employees, HOLA for Hispanic employees, Axon Mosaic for Black employees, Axon Vets for service veterans, and Women at Axon. Each affinity group is inclusive of employees who identify as members of each community, as well as allies. In 2022, we formed the Ethics Equity Advisory Council (EEAC) to ensure that ethics and equity are at the forefront of our services and product development. We believe that our ability to retain our workforce is dependent 
 13 

Table of Contents 
 upon fostering an environment that is sustainably safe, respectful, fair and inclusive of everyone and promotes diversity, equity and inclusion inside and outside of our business. Internally, we continue to listen to our employees with town hall sessions, provide expert-led webinars, and host community round tables. Health and Safety The health and safety of our employees is of utmost importance to us. We conduct regular self-assessments and audits to ensure compliance with our health and safety guidelines and regulatory requirements. Our ultimate goal is to achieve a level of work-related injuries as close to zero as possible through continuous investment in our safety programs. We provide protective gear (e.g. eye protection, masks and gloves) as required by applicable standards and as appropriate given employee job duties. To promote mental and emotional wellbeing, all full-time employees are provided free, unlimited access by Axon to Ginger. Ginger is a 24/7 resource that includes individualized coaching via text in addition to access to articles and activities offering guidance on maintaining emotional balance throughout tumultuous times. Additionally, we have a Wellness Incentive Program for our domestic employees that incentivizes healthy lifestyles. The program rewards employees for completing a variety of well-being activities that help foster their financial wellness, mental health, social wellbeing, community engagement and nutrition. Corporate Information We were incorporated in Arizona in September 1993 as ICER Corporation. We changed our name to AIR TASER, Inc. in December 1993 and to TASER International, Incorporated in April 1998. In January 2001, we reincorporated in Delaware as TASER International, Inc., and in April 2017, changed our name to Axon Enterprise, Inc. Available Information Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements and amendments to those reports filed with or furnished to the SEC are available free of charge on our website at http://investor.axon.com as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file or furnish such material to the SEC. The information on our website, including information about our trademarks, is not incorporated by reference into or otherwise a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The SEC maintains a website that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at http://www.sec.gov . Item 1A. Risk Factors Because of the following factors, as well as other variables affecting our operating results, our past financial performance may not be a reliable indicator of our future performance and historical trends should not be used to anticipate our results or trends in future periods. You should carefully consider the trends, risks and uncertainties described below and other information in this Form 10-K and subsequent reports filed with or furnished to the SEC before making any investment decision with respect to our securities. If any of the following trends, risks or uncertainties actually occurs or continues, our business, financial condition or operating results could be materially adversely affected, the trading prices of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. All forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by this cautionary statement. 
 14 

Table of Contents 
 Strategic Risks We are substantially dependent on acceptance of our products by law enforcement markets, throughout the world. If law enforcement agencies do not continue to purchase and use our products and services, our growth prospects, operating results and financial conditions will be materially adversely affected. At any point, whether or not related to the performance of our products and services, law enforcement agencies may elect to no longer purchase our CEDs or other products and services. For example, in the past, we believe that our sales were adversely impacted by negative coverage and publicity surrounding our products and services and their use. If law enforcement agencies no longer purchase our products and services, or materially decrease their purchases, our growth prospects, operating results and financial condition will be materially adversely affected. We substantially depend on sales of our TASER CEDs, and if these products do not continue to be widely accepted, our growth prospects will be diminished. In the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we derived a significant portion of our revenues from sales of TASER brand devices and related cartridges, whether on a standalone basis or as part of a bundled offering, and expect to depend on sales of these products for a significant portion of our revenue for the foreseeable future. A decrease in the selling prices of, or demand for these products, or their failure to maintain broad market acceptance, would significantly harm our growth prospects, operating results and financial condition. If we are unable to design, introduce, sell and deploy new products or new product features successfully, our business and financial results could be adversely affected. Our future success will depend on our ability to develop new products or new product features that achieve market acceptance in a timely and cost-effective manner. The development of new products and new product features is complex, time consuming and expensive, and we may experience delays in completing the development and introduction of new products. We may choose to carry higher levels of inventory to mitigate the risk of production delays, which may in turn expose us to an increased risk of obsolescence. We have devoted, and continue to devote, significant resources to develop and deploy our cloud-based productivity and real-time operations SaaS solutions, which we continue to broadly deploy to a large number of customers. Customer requirements for these products are complex and varied. If we are unable to develop scalable solutions that can be consistently configured for customers with minimal effort, or if we are unable to grow a professional services team that can consistently configure our products to meet the requirements of large numbers of customers in a timely and cost-effective manner, our ability to broadly scale our cloud-based productivity and real-time operations SaaS solutions could be negatively impacted, and our business prospects, operating results and financial condition could be negatively impacted.. We cannot provide any assurance that products that we may develop in the future will achieve market acceptance. If we fail to develop new products or new product features on a timely basis that achieve market acceptance, our business, financial results and competitive position could be adversely affected. We face risks associated with rapid technological change and new competing products. The technology associated with law enforcement devices and software is receiving significant attention and is rapidly evolving. While we have some patent protection in certain key areas of our Axon device, CED and SaaS technology, new technology may result in competing products that operate outside our patents and could present significant competition for our products, which could adversely affect our business, financial results and competitive position. Our future success is dependent on our ability to expand sales through direct sales and distributors and our inability to increase direct sales or recruit new distributors would negatively affect our sales. Our distribution strategy is to pursue sales through multiple channels which is principally through direct sales and independent distributors. We are focusing on direct sales to larger agencies through our regional sales managers 
 15 

Table of Contents 
 and our inability to grow sales to these agencies in this manner would materially adversely affect our business prospects, operating results and financial condition In addition, our inability to establish relationships with and retain law enforcement equipment distributors, who we believe can successfully sell our products, would materially adversely affect our business prospects, operating results and financial condition. If we do not competitively price our products, meet the requirements of our distributors or end-users, provide adequate marketing support, or comply with the terms of our distribution arrangements, our distributors may fail to aggressively market our products or may terminate their relationships with us. These developments would likely have a material adverse effect on our sales. Our reliance on the sales of our products by others also makes it more difficult to predict our revenues, cash flow and operating results. In certain states and foreign jurisdictions we have decided to pursue sales directly with law enforcement customers, rather than working through established distribution channels. Our customers may have strong working relationships with distributors and we may face resistance to this change. If we do not overcome this resistance and effectively build a direct relationship with our customers, sales may be adversely affected. Acquisitions of, or investments in, other companies, products, or technologies may require significant management attention and could disrupt our business, dilute stockholder value, and adversely affect our operating results. Our business strategy may include acquiring other complementary products, technologies or businesses. Negotiating these transactions can be time-consuming, difficult and expensive, and our ability to close these transactions may be subject to third-party approvals, such as government regulatory approvals, which are beyond our control. Consequently, we can make no assurance that these transactions once undertaken and announced, will close. These kinds of acquisitions or investments may result in unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures. If we acquire businesses or technologies, we may not be able to integrate the acquired personnel, operations, and technologies successfully, or effectively manage the combined business following the acquisition. We also may not achieve the anticipated benefits from the acquired business due to a number of factors, including: inability to integrate or benefit from acquired technologies, products, personnel or services in a profitable manner; unanticipated costs or liabilities associated with the acquisition, including potential liabilities due to litigation and potential identified or unknown security vulnerabilities in acquired technologies that expose us to additional security risks or delay our ability to integrate the product into our offerings or recognize the benefits of our investment; differences between our values and those of an acquired company, as well as potential disruptions to our workplace culture; incurrence of acquisition-related costs, including costs related to integration activities; difficulty integrating the accounting and information systems, operations, and personnel of the acquired business; augmenting the acquired technologies and platforms to the levels that are consistent with our brand and reputation; difficulties and additional expenses associated with supporting legacy products and hosting infrastructure of the acquired business; challenges converting the acquired company s revenue recognition policies and forecasting the related revenues, including subscription-based revenues and software license revenues; potential write-offs of acquired assets or investments, and potential financial and credit risks associated with acquired customers; 
 16 

Table of Contents 
 difficulty converting the customers of the acquired business onto our platform and contract terms; diversion of management s attention and other company resources; harm to our existing business relationships with business partners and customers as a result of the acquisition; the potential loss of key employees; use of resources that are needed in other parts of our business; and use of substantial portions of our available cash to consummate the acquisition. 
 We cannot assure you that the anticipated benefits of any acquisition or investment would be realized or that we would not be exposed to unknown liabilities or risks. Integrating an acquired technology, asset or business into our operations can be challenging, complex and costly and we cannot assure you that we will be successful or that the anticipated benefits of the acquisitions that we complete will be realized or outweigh their costs. If our integration and development efforts are not successful and the anticipated benefits of the acquisitions that we complete are not achieved, our business, operating results, financial condition, and prospects could be adversely affected. In connection with these types of transactions, we may issue additional equity securities that would dilute our stockholders, use cash that we may need in the future to operate our business, incur debt on terms unfavorable to us or that we are unable to repay, incur large charges or substantial liabilities, encounter difficulties integrating diverse business cultures and values, and become subject to adverse tax consequences, substantial depreciation, or deferred compensation charges. These challenges could adversely affect our business, operating results, financial condition, and prospects. We are highly dependent on the services of Patrick W. Smith, our Chief Executive Officer. Our future success depends upon our ability to retain executive officers, specifically Patrick W. Smith, and any failure to do so could adversely impact our business, prospects, new product development, financial condition and operating results. Operational Risks Unavailability of materials or higher costs could adversely affect our financial results. We depend on certain domestic and international suppliers for the delivery of components used in the assembly of our products. Our reliance on third-party suppliers creates risks related to our potential inability to obtain an adequate supply of components or sub-assemblies and reduced control over pricing and timing of delivery of components and sub-assemblies. Specifically, we depend on suppliers of sub-assemblies, machined parts, injection molded plastic parts, printed circuit boards, custom wire fabrications and other miscellaneous customer parts for our products. Although we have and are implementing additional long-term agreements with strategic suppliers to mitigate the risk of supply continuity, there remains risk across our supply chain while we extend our supplier contract program, and there is no guarantee that supply will not be interrupted. Additionally, if our suppliers do not accurately forecast and effectively allocate production or if they are not willing to allocate sufficient production to us, or they decommit to us previously agreed to supply levels, it may reduce our access to components and require us to search for new suppliers. As the scale of our hardware production increases, we will also need to accurately forecast, purchase, warehouse and transport components at high volumes to our manufacturing facilities. If we are unable to accurately match the timing and quantities of component purchases to our actual needs, we may incur unexpected production disruption, storage, transportation and write-off costs, which may harm our business and operating results. Single or sole-source components used in the manufacture of our products may become unavailable or discontinued. Delays caused by industry allocations or obsolescence may take weeks or months to resolve. In some cases, parts obsolescence may require a product re-design to ensure quality replacement components. These delays could cause significant delays in manufacturing and loss of sales, leading to adverse effects significantly impacting 
 17 

Table of Contents 
 our financial condition or results of operations and could harm our reputation. For example, revenue from TASER 7 for 2022 was impacted by approximately 35.0 million for orders that were scheduled to ship prior to December 31, 2022, but could not be fulfilled due to the delayed receipt of a manufacturing component for our TASER 7 devices. Additionally, Axon Body revenue was impacted by approximately 15.5 million for orders that were scheduled to ship prior to December 31, 2022, but could not be fulfilled due to supply chain constraints for our Axon Body 3 devices. Due to the unique requirements of the TASER 10, we purchase our raw materials from a limited number of suppliers. Some of the raw materials that are used in the TASER 10 may be subject to fluctuations in market price which we may be unable to pass through to our customers to offset market fluctuations. Because of the unique requirements of the TASER 10, we cannot change suppliers easily. Any delay or interruption in the supply of these raw materials could impair our ability to manufacture and deliver the TASER 10, harm our reputation or cause a reduction in revenues. A significant number of our raw materials or components are comprised of petroleum-based products or incur some form of landed cost associated with transporting the raw materials or components to our facility. Our freight and import costs and the timely delivery of our products could be adversely impacted by a number of factors which could reduce the profitability of our operations, including: higher fuel costs; potential port closures; customs clearance issues; increased government regulation or regulatory changes for imports of foreign products into the U.S.; delays created by terrorist attacks or threats, public health issues, national disasters or work stoppages; and other matters. Any interruption of supply for any material components of our products could significantly delay the shipment of our products and have a material adverse effect on our revenues, profitability and financial condition. For example, there have been disruptions in the semi-conductor supply chain that could negatively impact our ability to make our products. International or domestic geopolitical or other events, including the imposition of new or increased tariffs and/or quotas by the U.S. government on any of these raw materials or components and other government trade policies, could adversely impact the supply and cost of these raw materials or components, and could adversely impact our revenues, profitability and financial condition. In particular, the implementation of tariffs and trade restrictions as well as changes in trade policies between the U.S. and China may have an adverse effect on our supply chain from a sourcing and cost perspective. We source certain raw materials from China, as do some of our suppliers. We may be unable to transition away from China to other jurisdictions or obtain secondary sources for raw materials which could result in a material adverse effect on our revenues, profitability and financial condition. Material adverse developments in domestic and global economic conditions, or the occurrence of other world events, could materially adversely affect our revenue and results of operations. Various factors contribute to the uncertain economic environment, including the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, the increase in, and volatility of, interest rates, high inflation, an actual recession or fears of a recession, trade policies and tariffs and geopolitical tensions. Our inability to offset price inflation in our materials, components, shipping, or labor through increased prices to customers with long-term fixed contracts and formula-based or long-term fixed price contracts with suppliers could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Global supply chain and labor market challenges could also negatively affect our performance as well as the performance of our suppliers. Interest rate increases have also created financial market volatility and could further negatively impact financial markets, lead to an economic downturn or recession or have an adverse effect on our operating results. Economic slowdowns can also negatively impact municipal and state tax collections and put pressure on law enforcement budgets which may increase the risk that our customers will be unable to appropriate funds for existing or future contracts with us. In addition, geopolitical risks could affect our customers budgets and policies. These and other factors may adversely affect customer demand and ability to pay, cause decrease in sales, and negatively impact the realizability of our accounts and notes receivable and contract assets. 
 18 

Table of Contents 
 To the extent demand for our products increases, our future success will be dependent upon our ability to manage our growth and to increase manufacturing production capacity. To the extent demand for our products increases significantly in future periods, one of our key challenges will be to increase our production capacity to meet sales demand while maintaining product quality. Our primary strategies to accomplish this include introducing additional shifts, increasing the physical size of our assembly facilities, the hiring of additional production staff, and the implementation of additional customized manufacturing automation equipment. The investments we make in this equipment may not yield the anticipated labor and material efficiencies. Our inability to meet any future increase in sales demand or effectively manage our expansion could have a material adverse effect on our revenues, operating results and financial condition. Delays in product development schedules may adversely affect our revenues and cash flows. The development of CEDs, devices, sensors and software is a complex and time-consuming process. New products and enhancements to existing products can require long development and testing periods. Our focus on our SaaS platform also presents complex development issues. Significant delays in new product or service releases or significant problems in creating new products or services could adversely affect our business, operating results, cash flows and competitive position. We expend significant resources in anticipation of a sale due to our lengthy sales cycle and may receive no revenue in return. Generally, law enforcement and corrections agencies consider a wide range of issues before committing to purchase our products, including product benefits, training costs, the cost to use our products in addition to, or in place of, other products, budget constraints and product reliability, safety and efficacy. The length of our sales cycle may range from a few weeks to as long as several years. Adverse publicity surrounding our products or the safety of such products has in the past, and could in the future, lengthen our sales cycle with customers. In the past, we believe that our sales were adversely impacted by negative publicity surrounding our products or the use of our products. We may incur substantial selling costs and expend significant effort in connection with the evaluation of our products by potential customers before they place an order. If these potential customers do not purchase our products, we will have expended significant resources and received no revenue in return. Changes in civil forfeiture laws may affect our customers ability to purchase our products. Some of our customers use funds seized through civil forfeiture proceedings to fund the purchase of our products. Legislative changes could impact our customers ability to seize funds or use seized funds to fund purchases. Changes in civil forfeiture statutes or regulations could limit the amount of funds available to our customers, which could adversely affect the sale of our products. Catastrophic events could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and/or financial condition. A disruption or failure of our systems or operations in the event of a major earthquake, weather event, fire, explosion, failure to contain hazardous materials, industrial accident, utility failure, cyber-attack, terrorist attack, public health crisis, pandemic, or other catastrophic event could cause delays in completing sales, providing services, or performing other mission-critical functions. A catastrophic event that results in the destruction or disruption of any of our critical business or information technology systems could harm our ability to conduct normal business operations and our operating results as well as expose us to claims, litigation and governmental investigations and fines. If our backup and mitigation plans are not sufficient to minimize business disruption, our financial results could be adversely affected. We are continuously monitoring our operations and intend to take appropriate actions to mitigate the risks arising from catastrophic events, but there can be no assurances that we will be successful in doing so. 
 19 

Table of Contents 
 If our security measures or those of our third-party cloud storage providers are breached and unauthorized access is obtained to customers data or our data, our network, data centers and service may be perceived as not being secure, customers may curtail or stop using our service and we may incur significant legal and financial exposure and liabilities. Security breaches of Axon body worn cameras, docks, fleet vehicle cameras, signal devices and Axon Evidence and other cloud services or products could expose our clients and us to a risk of loss or misuse of data. Any security breach could result in a loss of confidence in the security of our services, damage our reputation, disrupt our business, lead to legal liability, and negatively impact our future sales. We devote significant resources to engineer secure products and ensure security vulnerabilities are mitigated, and we require our third-party service providers to do so as well; however, security breaches that have not had a material effect on our business or our third-party service providers have occurred and will continue to occur, including as a result of third-party action, employee error, and malfeasance or otherwise. Remote-work arrangements may also make our systems and employees more susceptible to attack. Breaches could occur during transfer of data-to-data centers or at any time, and result in unauthorized physical or electronic access to our data or our customers data. Third parties may attempt to fraudulently induce employees or customers into disclosing sensitive information such as usernames, passwords or other information in order to gain access to our data or our customers data. Additionally, hackers may develop and deploy viruses, worms, and other malicious software programs that attack or gain access to our networks and data centers. Increasing socioeconomic and political instability in some countries has heightened these risks. In addition, retaliatory acts by Russia in response to Western sanctions could include cyber-attacks that could directly or indirectly impact our operations. Because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, or to sabotage systems, change frequently, grow more complex over time, and generally are not recognized until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. Moreover, our security measures and those of our third-party service providers or customers may not detect such security breaches if they occur. Although we have developed systems and processes that are designed to protect our data and user data, to prevent data loss, and to prevent or detect security breaches, we cannot assure that such measures will provide absolute security, and we may incur significant costs in protecting against or remediating cyber-attacks. A security breach could expose us to a risk of loss or inappropriate use of proprietary and sensitive data, or the denial of access to this data. A real or perceived security breach could also result in a loss of confidence in the security of our service, disrupt our business, damage our reputation, lead to legal liability, negatively impact our future sales and significantly harm our growth prospects, operating results and financial condition. Defects or disruptions in our services could impact demand for our services and subject us to substantial liability. We currently serve our Axon Evidence customers from third-party cloud storage providers based in the U.S. and other countries. Interruptions in our service, or loss or corruption of digital evidence, may reduce our revenue, cause us to issue credits or pay penalties, cause customers to file litigation against us, cause customers to terminate their subscriptions and adversely affect our renewal rates and our ability to attract new customers. Our business will also be harmed if our customers and potential customers believe our service is unreliable. Since our customers use our services for important aspects of their operations, any errors, defects, disruptions in service or other performance problems could hurt our reputation and may damage our customers operations. As a result, customers could elect to not renew our services or delay or withhold payment to us. We could also lose future sales or customers may make warranty or other claims against us, which could result in an increase in our warranty expense, an increase in collection cycles for and decline in the collectability of accounts receivable, and an increase in the expense and risk of litigation. Defects in our products could reduce demand for our products or result in product recalls and result in a loss of sales, delay in market acceptance and damage to our reputation. Complex components and assemblies used in our products may contain undetected defects that are subsequently discovered at any point in the life of the product. Defects in our products could result in a loss of sales, delay in market 
 20 

Table of Contents 
 acceptance, damage to our reputation and increased warranty costs, which could adversely affect our business, financial results and competitive position. Additionally, we are subject to the U.S. Consumer Products Safety Act of 1972, as amended by the Consumer Product Safety Improvement Act of 2008, which empowers the Consumer Products Safety Commission to exclude from the market products that are found to be unsafe or hazardous, and similar laws under foreign jurisdictions. Under certain circumstances, the Consumer Products Safety Commission or comparable foreign agency could require us to repurchase or recall one or more of our products. If we were required to remove, or we voluntarily remove, our products from the market, our reputation could be tarnished, and we might have large quantities of finished products that we could not sell. Our international operations expose us to additional risks that could harm our business, operating results, and financial condition. Our international operations are significant, and we plan to continue to grow internationally by acquiring existing entities or setting up new legal entities in new markets. In certain international markets, we have limited operating experience and may not benefit from any first-to-market advantages or otherwise succeed. In addition to risks described elsewhere in this section, our international operations expose us to other risks, including the following: Restrictions on foreign ownership and investments, and stringent foreign exchange controls that might prevent us from repatriating cash earned in countries outside the U.S. Import and export requirements, tariffs, trade disputes and barriers, product certification requirements, sanctions, and customs classifications that may prevent us from offering products or providing services to a particular market or obtaining necessary parts and components to manufacture products, which may lead to decreased sales and may increase our operating costs. Longer payment cycles in some countries, increased credit risk, and higher levels of payment fraud. Uncertainty regarding liability for our products and services, including uncertainty as a result of local laws and lack of legal precedent. Different labor laws and customs, existence of workers councils and labor unions, and other challenges caused by distance, language, and cultural differences, making it harder to do business in certain jurisdictions. 
 Additionally, changes in international local political, economic, regulatory, tax, social, and labor conditions may adversely harm our business and compliance with complex foreign and U.S. laws and regulations that apply to our international operations increases our cost of doing business. These numerous and sometimes conflicting laws and regulations include, among others, environmental regulations, internal control and disclosure rules, privacy and data protection requirements, anti-corruption laws, such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, and other local laws prohibiting corrupt payments to governmental officials, and competition regulations, among others. Violations of these laws and regulations could result in fines and penalties, criminal sanctions against us, our officers, or our employees, prohibitions on the conduct of our business and on our ability to offer our products and services in one or more countries, and could also materially adversely affect our brand, our international growth efforts, our ability to attract and retain employees, our business, and our operating results. Although we have implemented policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with these laws and regulations, there can be no assurance that our employees, contractors, or agents will not violate our policies. We depend on our ability to attract and retain our key management, sales and technical personnel. Our success depends upon the continued service of our key management personnel. Our success also depends on our ability to continue to attract, retain and motivate qualified technical employees. Although we have employment agreements with our officers and other members of our executive management team, the employment of such persons is at-will and either we or the employee can terminate the employment relationship at any time, subject to the 
 21 

Table of Contents 
 applicable terms of the employment agreements. In particular, we expect to continue to face significant challenges in hiring personnel, particularly for engineering talent, whether as a result of competition with other companies or other factors. We have unique equity incentives designed to attract and retain long-term employees. We utilize these plans to align pay and performance and drive shareholder returns while reducing near-term cash expenditures. Our equity incentives and ongoing stock and option grants are subject to having sufficient shares under our stock plan and any new plans or increases in the number of shares available for grant under existing plans must be approved by our shareholders. If we are unable to obtain shareholder approval, we may be unable to attract and retain top talent. Our ability to attract, retain, and motivate employees may also be adversely affected by stock price volatility. The loss of the service of one or more of our key personnel could adversely impact our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. If we fail to comply with federal, state or local regulations applicable to our firearm product, TASER 10, we may be subject to governmental actions or litigation which could materially harm our business, operating results, and financial condition. TASER 10 is primarily regulated by the ATF, which licenses the manufacture, sale, and import of firearms in the United States. The primary federal laws are the National Firearms Act of 1934, or NFA, the Gun Control Act of 1968, or GCA, and the Firearms Owners Protection Act of 1986, or FOPA, which have been amended from time to time. The ATF conducts periodic audits of our Arizona facilities which hold federal firearms licenses. If we fail to comply with ATF rules and regulations, the ATF may limit our TASER 10 activities or growth, fine us, or, ultimately, suspend our ability to produce and sell the TASER 10 product line. There are also various state laws, regulations, and local ordinances relating to firearm characteristics, features, and sales. Axon and local distributors must comply with state and local laws, regulations, and ordinances pertaining to firearm and magazine sales in the jurisdictions where TASER 10 is sold. Additionally, certain TASER 10 components are regulated for import into the U.S. by ATF and are subject to ATF import permits which limits Axon s ability to source from some suppliers leading to a potential decrease in supply chain agility. Supply chain constraints or an inability to source TASER 10 components could have a material adverse affect on our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. Federal and state legislatures frequently consider legislation relating to the regulation of firearms, including the amendment or repeal of existing legislation. Existing laws may also be affected by future judicial rulings and interpretations. These possible changes to existing legislation or the enactment of new legislation may seek to restrict the makeup of a firearm, mandate the use of certain technologies in a firearm, remove existing legal defenses in lawsuits, set minimum age limits to purchase certain firearms, or ban the sale and, in some cases, the ownership of various types of firearms and accessories. Such restrictions or bans could have a material adverse affect on our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results If we fail to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting or identify a material weakness or significant deficiency in our internal control over financial reporting, our ability to report our financial condition and results of operations in a timely and accurate manner could be adversely affected, investor confidence in our company could diminish, and the value of our common stock may decline. Preparing our consolidated financial statements involves a number of complex manual and automated processes, which are dependent upon individual data input or review and require significant management judgment. One or more of these processes may result in errors that may not be detected and could result in a material misstatement or other errors of our consolidated financial statements. Such errors may be more likely to occur when implementing new systems and processes, particularly when implementing evolving and complex accounting rules. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that as a publicly-traded company we disclose whether our internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures are effective. A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements 
 22 

Table of Contents 
 will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. While we continually undertake steps to improve our internal control over financial reporting as our business changes, we may not be successful in making the improvements and changes necessary to be able to identify and remediate control deficiencies or material weaknesses on a timely basis. For example, we identified a material weakness in our internal controls over revenue recognition and the reporting of deferred revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 which we are working to remediate as further discussed in Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. If we are unable to successfully remediate any current or future material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, the accuracy and timing of our financial reporting may be adversely affected; our liquidity, access to capital markets and perceptions of our creditworthiness may be adversely affected; we may be unable to maintain compliance with securities laws, stock exchange listing requirements and debt instruments covenants regarding the timely filing of periodic reports; we may be subject to regulatory investigations and penalties; investors may lose confidence in our financial reporting; we may suffer defaults under our debt instruments; and our stock price may decline. Financial Risks An increasing percentage of our revenue is derived from subscription billing arrangements which may result in delayed cash collections and may increase customer credit risk on receivables and contract assets. Our strategy includes continuing to shift an increasing amount of our business to a subscription model, to better match the municipal budgeting process of our customers as well as to allow for multiple product offerings to be bundled into existing subscriptions. This is in contrast to a traditional CED sale in which the entire amount being charged for the hardware is invoiced upon shipment. This impacts liquidity in a commensurate fashion, with the cash for the subscription or installment purchase received in multiple installments rather than up front. While we record an estimate of expected credit losses and perform ongoing reviews of trade accounts receivables, if we become aware of information related to the creditworthiness of a major customer, or if future actual default rates on receivables in general differ from those currently anticipated, we may have to adjust our expected credit loss reserve, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition or operating results. We may experience a decline in gross margins due to a shift in product sales to software and sensors products and services which may continue to carry a lower gross margin than that of Tasers. We continue to invest in the growth of the Software and Sensors segment, and this expected growth may result in a higher percentage of total revenues being comprised of Software and Sensors products and services. In 2022, gross margin as a percentage of net sales for the Software and Sensors segment was 59.5 while it was 63.3 for the TASER segment, and may continue to be lower in the future thus decreasing our consolidated gross margin. SaaS revenue for Axon Evidence is recognized over the terms of the contracts, which may be several years, and, as such, trends in new business may not be immediately reflected in our operating results. Our SaaS service revenue is generally recognized ratably over the terms of the contracts, which generally range from one to ten years. As a result, most of the SaaS revenue we report each quarter is the result of agreements entered into during previous quarters. Consequently, current trends, whether positive or negative, in this portion of our business may not be fully reflected in our revenue results for several periods. Most of our end-user customers are subject to budgetary and political constraints that may delay or prevent sales. Most of our end-user customers are government agencies. These agencies often do not set their own budgets and therefore, have limited control over the amount of money they can spend. In addition, these agencies experience political pressure that may dictate the manner in which they spend money. As a result, even if an agency wants to acquire our products, it may be unable to purchase them due to budgetary or political constraints, particularly in challenging economic environments. There can be no assurance that the economic, budgeting or political issues will not worsen and adversely impact sales of our products. Some government agency orders may also be canceled or substantially delayed due to budgetary, political or other scheduling delays, which frequently occur in connection with the acquisition of products by such agencies, and such cancellations may accelerate or be more severe than we have 
 23 

Table of Contents 
 experienced historically. Federal agencies may be particularly impacted by governmental impasse regarding continued government funding and debt limit constraints. Due to municipal government funding rules, certain of our contracts are subject to appropriation, termination for convenience, or similar cancellation clauses, which could allow our customers to cancel or not exercise options to renew contracts in the future. Although we have entered into contracts for the delivery of products and services in the future and anticipate the contracts will be completed, if agencies do not appropriate money in future year budgets, terminate contracts for convenience or if other cancellation clauses are invoked, revenue and cash associated with these bookings will not ultimately be recognized, and could result in a reduction to bookings and revenue. We maintain most of our cash balances, some of which are not insured, at three depository institutions. We maintain the majority of our cash and cash equivalents accounts at three depository institutions. As of December 31, 2022, the aggregate balances in such accounts at these three institutions were 139.9 million. Our balances with these institutions regularly exceed Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation insured limits for domestic deposits and various foreign deposit insurance programs covering our deposits in Australia, Canada, Finland, France, Germany, Hong Kong, India, Italy, the Netherlands, Spain, the United Kingdom, and Vietnam. We could suffer losses with respect to the uninsured balances if the depository institutions failed and the institution s assets were insufficient to cover its deposits and/or the governments did not take actions to support deposits in excess of existing insurance limits. Any such losses could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity, financial condition and results of operations. Stock transactions may have a material, unpredictable impact on our results of operations and may result in dilution to existing shareholders. We have historically granted and expect to continue to grant stock-based compensation to key employees and non-employee directors as a means of attracting and retaining highly qualified personnel. All stock-based awards are required to be recognized in our financial statements based on their grant date fair values. The amount recognized for stock compensation expense could vary depending on a number of assumptions or changes that may occur. Changes in the subjective and probability-based assumptions can materially affect the estimates of the fair value of the awards and timing of recognition of stock-based compensation expense and consequently, the related amount recognized in our statements of operations and comprehensive income. If we achieve specific operational goals and the covered employees complete the requisite service conditions for the performance-based awards with multiple service, performance, and market conditions, including our CEO Performance Award and our eXponential Stock Performance Plan XSPP ), we will recognize stock compensation expense regardless of whether the market conditions are achieved and the underlying tranches vest. As we continue to mature, the incentives to attract, retain, and motivate employees provided by our equity awards or by future arrangements may not be as effective as in the past. We may also issue equity securities to pay for acquisitions and grant stock-based awards to retain the employees of acquired companies. If we issue significant equity to attract additional employees, to retain our existing employees, or related to acquisitions, we could incur substantial additional share-based compensation expense and the ownership of our existing stockholders would be further diluted. Our financial performance is subject to risks associated with changes in the value of the U.S. dollar versus local currencies. For current and potential international customers whose contracts are denominated in U.S. dollars, the relative change in local currency values creates relative fluctuations in our product pricing. These changes in international end-user costs may result in lost orders and reduce the competitiveness of our products in certain foreign markets. Additionally, intercompany sales to our non-U.S. dollar functional currency international subsidiaries are transacted 
 24 

Table of Contents 
 in U.S. dollars which could increase our foreign exchange rate risk caused by foreign currency transaction gains and losses. For non-U.S. dollar denominated sales, weakening of foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar generally leads us to raise international pricing, potentially reducing demand for our products. Should we decide not to raise local prices to fully offset the dollar s strengthening, the U.S. dollar value of our foreign currency denominated sales and earnings would be adversely affected. We do not currently engage in hedging activities. Fluctuations in foreign currency could result in a change in the U.S. dollar value of our foreign denominated assets and liabilities including accounts receivable. Therefore, the U.S. dollar equivalent collected on a given sale could be less than the amount invoiced causing the sale to be less profitable than contemplated. We also import selected components which are used in the manufacturing of some of our products. Although our purchase orders are generally in U.S. dollars, weakness in the U.S. dollar could lead to price increases for the components. Unanticipated changes in our effective tax rate and additional tax liabilities may impact our operating results. We are subject to income taxes in the U.S. and various jurisdictions outside of the U.S. Our effective tax rate could fluctuate due to changes in the mix of earnings and losses in countries with differing statutory tax rates. Our tax expense could also be impacted by changes in non-deductible expenses, changes in excess tax benefits related to exercises of stock options and vesting of restricted stock units, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities and our ability to utilize them, the applicability of withholding taxes, and changes in our liability for unrecognized tax benefits. We are subject to potential tax examinations in multiple jurisdictions. While we regularly evaluate new information that may change our judgment resulting in recognition, derecognition or change in measurement of a tax position taken, there can be no assurance that the final determination of any examinations will not have an adverse effect on our operating results and financial position. Our tax provision could also be impacted by changes in federal, state or international tax laws including fundamental tax law changes applicable to corporate multinationals, including proposals by the current U.S. president. Additionally, we may be subject to additional tax liabilities due to changes in non-income-based taxes resulting from changes in federal, state, city or international tax laws, changes in taxing jurisdictions administrative interpretations, decisions, policies, and positions, results of tax examinations, settlements or judicial decisions, changes in accounting principles, changes to the business operations, including acquisitions, as well as the evaluation of new information that results in a change to a tax position taken in a prior period. Our revenues and operating results may fluctuate unexpectedly from quarter-to-quarter, which may cause our stock price to decline. Our revenues and operating results have varied significantly in the past and may vary significantly in the future due to various factors, including, but not limited to: budgetary cycles of municipal, state and federal law enforcement and corrections agencies; market acceptance of our products and services; the timing of large domestic and international orders; the outcome of any existing or future litigation; adverse publicity surrounding our products, the safety of our products, or the use of our products; changes in our sales mix; new product introduction costs; increased raw material expenses; 
 25 

Table of Contents 
 changes in our operating expenses, including stock-based compensation expense; changes in foreign currency exchange rates, inflation, and interest rates; and regulatory changes that may affect the marketability of our products. 
 As a result of these and other factors, we believe that period-to-period comparisons of our operating results may not be meaningful in the short term, and our performance in a particular period may not be indicative of our performance in any future period. Legal and Compliance Risks We may face personal injury, wrongful death, product liability and other liability claims that harm our reputation and adversely affect our sales and financial condition. Our CED products are often used in aggressive confrontations that may result in serious, permanent bodily injury or death to those involved. Our CED products may be associated with these injuries. A person, or the family members of a person, injured or killed in a confrontation or otherwise in connection with the use of our products, may bring legal action against us to recover damages on the basis of theories including wrongful death, personal injury, negligent design, defective product, product performance issues, or inadequate warnings or training. We are currently subject to a number of such lawsuits and we have been subject to significant adverse judgments and settlements. We may also be subject to lawsuits involving allegations of criminal misuse of our products. We have no control over how our products and services are used by our customers or other end-users and cannot assure they are used consistent with our specifications and design. While our products are designed to be non-lethal, we cannot guarantee they will be used in a manner consistent with our intent and any such use exposes us to litigation, reputational harm and controversy. If successful, wrongful death, personal injury, misuse and other claims could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition and could result in negative publicity about our products. Similar to product liability claims, we face exposure to class action lawsuits related to the performance, safety, or advertising of our products. Such class action lawsuits could also result in substantial monetary judgments, injunctions related to the sale of products, and potentially harm our reputation. Although we maintain product liability insurance in amounts that we believe are reasonable, we may not be able to maintain such insurance on acceptable terms, if at all, and product liability claims may exceed the amount of insurance coverage available to us. Because we manufacture and sell CEDs, insurance carriers may decide not to insure our products or our company in the future. We incur significant legal expenses in defending these cases, and significant litigation could also result in a diversion of management s attention and resources, negative publicity and a potential award of monetary damages in excess of our insurance coverage. The outcome of any litigation is inherently uncertain and there can be no assurance that our existing or any future litigation will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or operating results. Other litigation, government inquiries and regulatory actions may subject us to significant costs and judgments and divert management attention from our business. We have been or could in the future be involved in numerous other litigation, government inquiries and regulatory matters relating to our products, employees, contracts and business relationships, including litigation against persons whom we believe have infringed on our intellectual property, infringement litigation filed against us, litigation against a competitor, enforcement actions filed against us, and litigation involving the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC). Such matters have resulted, and are expected to continue to result in, substantial costs to us, including in the form of attorneys fees and costs, damages, fines or other penalties, whether pursuant to a judgment or settlement, and diversion of our management s attention, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition or operating results. There is also a risk of adverse judgments, as the outcome of litigation is inherently uncertain. 
 26 

Table of Contents 
 We have been, and may be in the future, subject to intellectual property infringement and other claims, which could incur substantial litigation costs, result in significant damage awards, inhibit our use of certain technologies, and divert management attention from our business. Many companies own intellectual property rights that are directly or indirectly related to public safety technologies. These companies periodically demand licensing agreements or engage in litigation based on allegations of infringement or other violations of their patents, trademarks, copyrights, or trade secrets. Non-practicing entities also have patents they have been granted or otherwise acquired, including patents that are directly or indirectly related to public safety technologies. These entities may seek compensation for perceived infringement of their patents, including by filing claims against us, independent of the merit of any such claims. As we enter new markets, expand into new product categories, and otherwise offer new products, services, and technologies, additional intellectual property claims may be filed against us by these companies, entities, and other third parties. Intellectual property claims may also be filed against us as our current products, services, and technologies gain additional market share. If our products, services, or technologies were found to infringe a third-party s proprietary rights, we could be forced to discontinue use of the protected technology or enter into costly royalty or licensing agreements in order to be able to sell our products. Such royalty and licensing agreements may not be available on terms acceptable to us or at all. We could also be required to pay substantial damages, fines or other penalties, indemnify customers or distributors, cease the manufacture, use, or sale of infringing products or processes, make proprietary source code publicly available, and/or expend significant resources to develop or acquire non-infringing technologies. Our suppliers may not provide, or we may not be able to obtain, intellectual property indemnification sufficient to offset all damages, fines or other penalties resulting from any claims of intellectual property infringement brought against us or our customers. There is no guarantee that our use of conventional technology searching and brand clearance searching will identify all potential rights holders. Rights holders may demand payment for past infringements and/or force us to accept costly license terms or discontinue use of protected technology and/or works of authorship that may include, for example, photos, videos, and software. Our current research and development focus on developing software-based products, including that which is related to artificial intelligence or virtual reality, increases this risk. If we are unable to protect our intellectual property, the value of our brands and products may decrease and we may lose our competitive market advantage. Our future success depends upon our proprietary technology. Our protective measures for this proprietary technology include patents, trademarks, copyrights, and trade secret protection. However, these protective measures, as well as our efforts to pursue such protective measures, may prove inadequate. For example, the value of intellectual property protection in certain countries may not be apparent until after such protection can no longer be pursued. As such, our intellectual property protection may not extend to all countries in which our products are distributed or will be distributed in the future. Though we work to protect our innovations, we may not be able to obtain protection for certain innovations. For example, we may be unable to patent some software-based products. The scope of any patent protection we have obtained, or may obtain, may not prevent others from developing and selling competing products. Despite our efforts, any intellectual property protection we obtain may be later determined to be insufficient or ineffective. Our protective measures may prove inadequate for reasons outside of our control. Varying intellectual property laws across countries may lead to differences in protection between such countries. In certain countries in which our products are distributed, the ability to effectively enforce intellectual property rights may not exist. Patent requirements differ by country and certain domestic or foreign laws may prohibit us from satisfying these requirements, creating a risk that some of our international patents may become unenforceable. Patents for older technologies, such as those first introduced in our M26 and X26 models of CEDs, have expired or will expire due to statutory limits on patent term. Despite policies and efforts to maintain secrecy, trade secrets and other confidential information, such information could be compromised by employees, partners, or other third parties. Once established, there is no guarantee that our intellectual property rights will remain in force. Issued patents may be re-examined and subsequently ruled invalid or unenforceable. Our registered trademarks may also be diminished or lost. For example, there is a risk that our TASER trademark could become synonymous with the general product category of conducted energy devices . The right to stop others from misusing our trademarks and 
 27 

Table of Contents 
 service marks in commerce depends, to some extent, on our ability to show evidence of enforcement of our rights against such misuse in commerce. Our efforts to stop improper use, if ineffective, may lead to loss of trademark and service mark rights, brand loyalty and notoriety among our customers and prospective customers. Our intellectual property may also be at risk if we are unable to defend against enforcement actions, such as that filed by the FTC regarding our acquisition of Vievu LLC from Safariland LLC on May 3, 2018. For additional discussion of this matter, refer to Note 13 to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. If successful, the FTC is seeking a divestiture of Vievu along with Axon assets sufficient to stand up a viable competitor. Inability to protect our intellectual property could negatively impact our commercial efforts and competitive market advantage. Regardless of outcome, the prosecution of patent and other intellectual property claims is both costly and time consuming. Unauthorized use of our proprietary technology could divert our management s attention from our business, and could result in a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, and operating results. We may be limited in our ability to enforce patent rights internationally to only those jurisdictions in which our patent applications have been granted. Our U.S. patents protect us from imported infringing products coming into the U.S. from abroad. We have made applications for patents in a few foreign countries; however, these may be inadequate to protect markets for our products in other foreign countries. Each patent is examined and granted according to the law of the country where it was filed independent of whether a U.S. patent on similar technology was granted. Certain foreign countries have patent working requirements that require a patent owner to practice a patented invention with the respective country. A patent in a foreign country may be subject to cancellation, forfeiture, compulsory license, or other penalty if the claimed invention has not been worked in that country. Meeting the requirements of working an invention differs by country and ranges from sales in the country to manufacturing in the country. U.S. export law, or the laws of some foreign countries, may prohibit us from satisfying the requirements for working the invention, creating a risk that some of our international patents may become unenforceable. In a country in which we do not have a patent or a country in which our patent in that country is unenforceable or unenforced, other companies and makers of similar products and services may be able to copy our products or features of our products without consequence, thus limiting our ability to capture market share or protect our technology, which could materially harm our growth prospects and operating results. A variety of new and existing laws and/or interpretations could materially and adversely affect our business. As detailed in Item I. Business Government Regulation we are subject to a variety of laws and regulations in the United States and abroad that involve matters central to our business, including privacy, data protection and personal information, rights of publicity, content, intellectual property, advertising, marketing, distribution, data security, data retention and deletion, electronic contracts and other communications, competition, consumer protection, telecommunications, product liability, taxation, labor and employment, economic or other trade prohibitions or sanctions, securities law compliance, and online payment services. The introduction of new products, expansion of our activities in certain jurisdictions, or other actions that we may take may subject us to additional laws, regulations, or other government scrutiny. In addition, foreign data protection, privacy, content, competition, and other laws and regulations can impose different obligations or be more restrictive than those in the United States. These U.S. federal and state and foreign laws and regulations, which in some cases can be enforced by private parties in addition to government entities, are constantly evolving and can be subject to significant change. As a result, the application, interpretation, and enforcement of these laws and regulations are often uncertain and may be interpreted and applied inconsistently from country to country and inconsistently with our current policies and practices. New laws and regulations (or new interpretations of existing laws and regulations) may require us to incur substantial costs, expose us to unanticipated civil or criminal liability, or cause us to change our business practices. The costs of compliance with these laws and regulation are high and are likely to increase in the future. Additionally, these laws and regulations, or any associated inquiries or investigations or other government actions, 
 28 

Table of Contents 
 may delay or impede the development of new products, result in negative publicity, require significant management time and attention, and subject us to remedies that may harm our business, including fines or demands or orders that we modify or cease existing business practices. For example, as has been reported in the press, there is a grand jury investigation being conducted by the U.S. Attorney s Office for the Northern District of Illinois. We have fully cooperated with the investigation and continue to do so. While we conducted an extensive internal investigation into, among other things, lobbying activities, and have found no indication of any wrongdoing by any Axon employee, there can be no assurance that this matter will not harm our business. Radio Spectrum Devices Certain of our products utilize the radio spectrum to provide wireless voice, data and video communications services. The allocation of spectrum is regulated in the U.S. and other countries and limited spectrum space is allocated to wireless services and specifically to public safety users. We manufacture and market products in spectrum bands already made available by regulatory bodies. If current products do not comply with the regulations set forth by these governing bodies, we may be unable to sell our products or could incur penalties. Our results could be negatively affected by the rules and regulations adopted from time to time by the U.S. Federal Communications Commission (FCC) or regulatory agencies in other countries. Regulatory changes in current spectrum bands may also require modifications to some of our products so they can continue to be manufactured and marketed. Axon body worn cameras, docks, fleet vehicle cameras and signal devices are subject to the FCC s rules and regulations. These regulations affect CEDs with Signal technology, including the TASER 7, SPPM, and future CEDs implementing wireless technology. Compliance with government regulations could increase our operations and product costs and impact our future financial results. Axon and TASER Devices For our TASER products, we rely on the opinions of the ATF, including the determination that a device that does not expel projectiles by the action of an explosive is not classified as a firearm. Changes in statutes, regulations, and interpretation outside of our control may result in our products being classified or reclassified as firearms. If this were to occur, our private citizen market could be substantially reduced because consumers would be required to comply with federal, state, or local firearm transfer requirements prior to purchasing our products. Federal regulation of sales in the U.S.: The majority of our currently offered CEDs are not classified as firearms regulated by the ATF. However, the ATF regulates TASER 10 as a firearm under the Gun Control Act of 1968 due to a technological advancement specific to the propulsion design of the TASER 10 CED s cartridges. While this classification will have little impact on Axon s ability to sell TASER 10 to law enforcement and government entities, our private citizen and enterprise market could be substantially reduced because non-governmental end-users would be required to comply with federal, state, or local firearm transfer requirements prior to purchasing TASER 10. Additionally, Axon must maintain a federal firearms license to manufacture and sell the TASER 10, which subjects Axon to periodic compliance inspections by the ATF. License violations discovered by the ATF can result in fines, penalties, warning letters or license revocation, leading to disruptions in operations. Our CED products are also subject to testing, safety and other standards by organizations such as the American National Standards Institute, the International Electrotechnical Commission, the National Institute of Standards and Technology, and Underwriters Laboratories. These regulations also affect CEDs with Axon Signal technology, including Signal Performance Power Magazine technology, and TASER 7 battery packs. Federal regulation of international sales: Our CEDs are considered a crime control product by the U.S. Department of Commerce (DOC) for export directly from the U.S. which requires us to obtain an export license from the DOC for the export of our CED devices from the U.S. to any country other than Canada. Future products and services may require classifications from the DOC before they may be shipped internationally. Our inability to obtain DOC export licenses or classifications on a timely basis for sales of our products to our international customers could significantly and adversely affect our international sales. Although TASER 10 is regulated by the ATF for domestic sales, the U.S. DOC has ruled that the product s unique propulsion design has no impact on its export classification and that the TASER 10 model s export classification remains consistent with all other TASER CED models. 
 29 

Table of Contents 
 Federal regulation of foreign national employees: Our CED development and production is also considered controlled technology by the U.S. DOC and is categorized as a deemed export for any foreign national employees exposed to the technology within the U.S. Consequently, we must obtain export licenses from the DOC for any deemed export within the U.S. made to a foreign national employee exposed to the deemed controlled technology. Deemed export licenses are subject to DOC approvals and issued licenses require annual status reports for the stated employees. Inability to obtain proper licensing could curtail the company s ability to execute R D and production related to CED technology. State and local regulation: Our CEDs are controlled, restricted or, less frequently, prohibited by some state and local governments. Other jurisdictions may ban or restrict the sale of our TASER-branded devices, or restrict their use through changes to use-of-force laws or regulations, and our product sales may be significantly affected by additional state, county and city governmental regulation. The change in TASER 10 s propulsion design may impact how TASER 10 is regulated at the state and/or local level depending on each state s firearm laws. International regulation of foreign imports and sales: Certain jurisdictions prohibit, restrict, or require a permit for the importation, sale, possession or use of CEDs, including in some countries by law enforcement agencies, limiting our international sales opportunities. U.S. and International regulation of component movements globally: We rely on a global supply chain of components across our product lines with most final assembly occurring in the U.S. Export of these components from abroad is subject to shifting regulatory landscapes imposed by both the foreign government and U.S. authorities upon import. Abrupt changes to these regulations can result in delays or interruptions to final product supplies. Additionally, ATF regulation of certain imports of TASER 10 components may limit Axon s supply chain agility. International regulation of foreign-based operations: We maintain foreign operations in several countries globally for purposes of logistics, sales, general and administrative, and R D support. Any failure to properly maintain or license could limit our ability to sell, support, or develop our products and services both internationally and in the U.S. market. Environmental Regulations We are subject to various state, federal and international laws and regulations governing the environment, including restricting the presence of certain substances in our products and making us financially responsible for the collection, treatment, recycling and disposal of such products. In addition, further environmental or climate change disclosure legislation may be enacted in other jurisdictions, including the U.S. (under federal and state laws) and other countries, the cumulative impact of which could be significant. New, or changes in, environmental safety laws, regulations or rules could also lead to increased costs of compliance, including remediations of any discovered issues, and changes to our operations, which may be significant. Any failures to comply could result in significant expenses, delays, or fines. Privacy Regulations We are subject to various risks and costs associated with the collection, processing, storage and transmission of personally identifiable information and other sensitive and confidential information. This data is wide ranging and relates to our employees, customers, third parties, and the subjects of law enforcement. Our compliance obligations include laws and regulations that dictate whether, how, and under what circumstances we can transfer, process and/or receive and hold certain data that is critical to our operations, including data shared between countries or regions in which we operate and data shared among our products and services. If one or more of the legal mechanisms for transferring data from other countries to the U.S. is invalidated, if we are unable to transfer data between and among countries and regions in which we operate, or if we are prohibited from sharing data among our products and services, it could affect the manner in which we provide our services or adversely affect our financial results. Countries may also pass legislation implementing data protection requirements or requiring local storage and processing of data or similar requirements that could increase the cost and complexity of delivering our services and expose us to significant penalties for non-compliance. We are also subject to U.S. laws and regulations, including, without limitation, the California Privacy Rights Act, which provides for enhanced consumer protections for California residents, a private 
 30 

Table of Contents 
 right of action for data breaches and statutory nes and damages for data breaches or other California Consumer Privacy Act violations, as well as a requirement of reasonable cybersecurity. Any inability, or perceived inability, by us to adequately address privacy concerns, or comply with applicable laws, regulations, policies, industry standards and guidance, contractual obligations, or other legal obligations, even if unfounded, could result in signi cant regulatory and third party liability, increased costs, disruption of our business and operations, and a loss of con dence and other reputational damage. Furthermore, as new privacy- related laws and regulations are implemented, the time and resources needed for us to comply with such laws and regulations continues to increase and become a signi cant compliance workstream. Our business is subject to evolving corporate governance and public disclosure regulations and expectations, including with respect to environmental, social and governance matters, that could expose us to numerous risks. We are subject to changing rules and regulations promulgated by a number of governmental and self-regulatory organizations, including the SEC, the Nasdaq Stock Market and the Financial Accounting Standards Board. These rules and regulations continue to evolve in scope and complexity and many new requirements have been created in response to laws enacted by Congress, making compliance more difficult and uncertain. In addition, increasingly regulators, customers, investors, employees and other stakeholders are focusing on environmental, social and governance ESG matters and related disclosures. These changing rules, regulations and stakeholder expectations have resulted in, and are likely to continue to result in, increased general and administrative expenses and increased management time and attention spent complying with or meeting such regulations and expectations. For example, developing and acting on initiatives within the scope of ESG, and collecting, measuring and reporting ESG related information and metrics can be costly, difficult and time consuming and is subject to evolving reporting standards, including the SEC s recently proposed climate-related reporting requirements, and similar proposals by other international regulatory bodies. We may also communicate certain initiatives and goals, regarding environmental matters, diversity, responsible sourcing and social investments and other ESG related matters, in our SEC filings or in other public disclosures. These initiatives and goals within the scope of ESG could be difficult and expensive to implement, the technologies needed to implement them may not be cost effective and may not advance at a sufficient pace, and we could be criticized for the accuracy, adequacy or completeness of the disclosure. Further, statements about our ESG related initiatives and goals, and progress against those goals, may be based on standards for measuring progress that are still developing, internal controls and processes that continue to evolve, and assumptions that are subject to change in the future. In addition, we could be criticized for the scope or nature of such initiatives or goals, or for any revisions to these goals. If our ESG-related data, processes and reporting are incomplete or inaccurate, or if we fail to achieve progress with respect to our goals within the scope of ESG on a timely basis, or at all, our reputation, business, financial performance and growth could be adversely affected. Risks Related to our Convertible Notes Servicing our debt requires a significant amount of cash, and we may not have sufficient cash flow from our or their businesses to pay our substantial debt. As of December 31, 2022, we had outstanding an aggregate principal amount of 690.0 million of our 0.50 Convertible Senior Notes due 2027 (the Notes ). Our ability to make scheduled payments of the principal of, to pay interest on or to refinance our indebtedness, including the notes, depends on our future performance, which is subject to economic, financial, competitive and other factors beyond our control. Our businesses may not continue to generate cash flow from operations in the future sufficient to service our debt and make necessary capital expenditures. If we are unable to generate such cash flow, we may be required to adopt one or more alternatives, such as selling assets, restructuring debt or obtaining additional equity capital on terms that may be onerous or highly dilutive. Our ability to refinance our indebtedness will depend on the capital markets and our financial condition at such time. We may not be able to engage in any of these activities or engage in these activities on desirable terms, which could result in a default on our debt obligations, including the notes. 
 31 

Table of Contents 
 The conditional conversion feature of the Notes, if triggered, may adversely affect our financial condition and operating results. In the event the conditional conversion feature of the Notes is triggered, holders of Notes will be entitled to convert their Notes at any time during specified periods at their option. If one or more holders elect to convert their Notes, we would be required to settle any converted principal amount of such Notes through the payment of cash, which could adversely affect our liquidity. In addition, even if holders do not elect to convert their Notes, we could be required under applicable accounting rules to reclassify all or a portion of the outstanding principal of the Notes as a current, rather than long-term, liability, which would result in a material reduction of our net working capital. Conversion of the Notes may dilute the ownership interest of our stockholders or may otherwise depress the price of our common stock. The conversion of some or all of the Notes may dilute the ownership interests of our stockholders. Upon conversion of the Notes, we have the option to pay or deliver, as the case may be, cash, shares of our common stock, or a combination of cash and shares of our common stock in respect of the remainder, if any, of our conversion obligation in excess of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes being converted. If we elect to settle the remainder, if any, of our conversion obligation in excess of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes being converted in shares of our common stock or a combination of cash and shares of our common stock, any sales in the public market of our common stock issuable upon such conversion could adversely affect prevailing market prices of our common stock. In addition, the existence of the Notes may encourage short selling by market participants because the conversion of the Notes could be used to satisfy short positions, or anticipated conversion of the Notes into shares of our common stock could depress the price of our common stock. Changes in the accounting treatment for the Notes could have a material effect on our reported financial results. We have adopted Accounting Standards Update ASU 2020-06 2020-06 as of January 1, 2022. Accordingly, we do not bifurcate the liability and equity components of the Notes on our balance sheet and we use the if-converted method of calculating diluted earnings per share. Under the if-converted method, diluted earnings per share will generally be calculated assuming that all the notes were converted solely into shares of common stock at the beginning of the reporting period, unless the result would be anti-dilutive, which could adversely affect our diluted earnings per share. Because the principal amount of the Notes upon conversion is required to be paid in cash, and only the excess is permitted to be settled in shares, the application of the if-converted method will produce a similar result as the treasury stock method prior to the adoption of ASU 2020-06. The effect of the treasury stock method is that the shares issuable upon conversion of such Notes are not included in the calculation of diluted earnings per share except to the extent that the conversion value of such Notes exceeds their principal amount. In accordance with ASU 2020-06, the Notes are reflected as a liability on our consolidated balance sheets, with the initial carrying amount equal to the principal amount of the Notes, net of issuance costs. The issuance costs will be treated as a debt discount for accounting purposes, which will be amortized into interest expense over the term of the Notes. As a result of this amortization, the interest expense that we expect to recognize for the Notes for accounting purposes will be greater than the cash interest payments we will pay on the Notes, which will result in lower reported income. We cannot be sure whether future changes made to the current accounting standards related to the Notes will not have a material effect on our reported financial results. The convertible note hedge and warrant transactions may affect the value of the Notes and our common stock . In connection with the pricing of the Notes, we have entered into convertible note hedge transactions with the option counterparties. We have also entered into warrant transactions with the option counterparties. The convertible note hedge transactions are expected generally to reduce the potential dilution to our common stock upon any conversion of Notes and/or offset any cash payments we are required to make in excess of the principal amount of converted notes, as the case may be. However, the warrant transactions could have a dilutive effect on our common stock to the extent that the market price per share of our common stock exceeds the strike price of the warrants. 
 32 

Table of Contents 
 In addition, the option counterparties or their respective affiliates may modify their hedge positions by entering into or unwinding various derivatives with respect to our common stock and/or purchasing or selling our common stock or other securities of ours in secondary market transactions following the pricing of the notes and prior to the maturity of the notes (and are likely to do in connection with any conversion of the Notes or redemption or repurchase of the Notes). This activity could cause or avoid an increase or a decrease in the market price of our common stock. In addition, if any such convertible note hedge and warrant hedging transactions fail to become effective, the option counterparties or their respective affiliates may unwind their hedge positions with respect to our common stock, which could adversely affect the value of our common stock. The potential effect, if any, of these transactions and activities on the market price of our common stock will depend in part on market conditions and cannot be ascertained at this time. Any of these activities could adversely affect the value of our common stock. We are subject to counterparty risk with respect to the convertible note hedge transactions. The option counterparties are financial institutions, and we will be subject to the risk that any or all of them might default under the convertible note hedge transactions. Our exposure to the credit risk of the option counterparties will not be secured by any collateral. If an option counterparty becomes subject to insolvency proceedings, we will become an unsecured creditor in those proceedings with a claim equal to our exposure at that time under the convertible note hedge transactions with such option counterparty. Our exposure will depend on many factors but, generally, an increase in our exposure will be correlated to an increase in the market price and in the volatility of our common stock. In addition, upon a default by an option counterparty, we may suffer adverse tax consequences and more dilution than we currently anticipate with respect to our common stock. We can provide no assurances as to the financial stability or viability of the option counterparties. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments None. Item 2. Properties Our corporate headquarters and manufacturing facilities are based in an approximately 100,000 square foot facility in Scottsdale, Arizona, which we own. We also lease premises in Phoenix and Scottsdale, Arizona; San Leandro, California; East Point, Georgia; Topsfield, Massachusetts; Seattle and Spokane, Washington; Melbourne and Sydney, Australia; Toronto, Canada; Daventry and London, England; Tampere, Finland; Frankfurt, Germany; Delhi, India; Rome, Italy; Amsterdam, Netherlands; and Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam. We also own a parcel of land located in Scottsdale, Arizona on which we intend to develop a new campus. We believe our existing facilities are well maintained and in good operating condition. We also believe we have adequate manufacturing capacity for our existing product lines. To the extent that we introduce new products in the future, we will likely need to acquire additional facilities to locate the associated production lines. However, we believe we can acquire or lease such facilities on reasonable terms. We continue to make investments in capital equipment as needed to meet anticipated demand for our products. The majority of our locations support both of our reportable segments, except for our Vietnam and Seattle, Washington locations, which primarily support our Software Sensors segment. 
 33 

Table of Contents 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings See discussion of litigation in Note 13 to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which discussion is incorporated by reference herein. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures None. 
 34 

Table of Contents 
 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Market Information Our common stock is quoted under the symbol AXON on The NASDAQ Global Select Market. Holders As of December 31, 2022, there were 212 holders of record of our common stock. Dividends To date, we have not declared or paid cash dividends on our common stock. We do not intend to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities In February 2016, our Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase program to acquire up to 50.0 million of our outstanding common stock subject to stock market conditions and corporate considerations. The stock repurchase program does not have a stated expiration date. During the year ended December 31, 2022, no common shares were purchased under the program. As of December 31, 2022, 16.3 million remained available under the plan for future purchases. 
 35 

Table of Contents 
 Stock Performance Graph The following stock performance graph compares the performance of our common stock to the NASDAQ Composite Index, Russell 2000 Index, Russell Midcap Index, and S P 500 Index. The graph covers the period from December 31, 2017 to December 31, 2022. The graph assumes that the value of the investment in our stock and in each index was 100 at December 31, 2017, and that all dividends were reinvested. We do not pay dividends on our common stock. 

2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Axon Enterprise, Inc. 100.00 165.09 276.53 462.38 592.45 626.08 NASDAQ Composite 100.00 97.16 132.81 192.47 235.15 158.65 Russell 2000 100.00 88.99 111.70 134.00 153.85 122.41 Russell Midcap Index 100.00 90.94 118.72 139.02 170.42 140.91 S P 500 100.00 95.62 125.72 148.85 191.58 156.88 Note: Index data copyright NASDAQ OMX, Inc.; Russell Investments; and Standard and Poor s, Inc. Used with permission. All rights reserved. Item 6. [Reserved] 
 36 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations MD A Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations MD A is designed to provide a reader of our consolidated financial statements with a narrative from the perspective of our management on our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and certain other factors that may affect our future results. Our MD A should be read in conjunction with the other sections of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including Part I, Item 1A: Risk Factors and Part II, Item 8: Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. The various sections of this MD A contain a number of forward-looking statements, all of which are based on our current expectations and could be affected by the uncertainties and risk factors described throughout this filing. The tables in the MD A sections below are derived from exact numbers and may have immaterial rounding differences. This section discusses our results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. For a discussion and analysis of the year ended December 31, 2021, compared to the same period in 2020 please refer to Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in Part II, Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, filed with the SEC on February 25, 2022. Overview Axon s product suite includes TASER energy devices, body-worn cameras, in-car cameras, cloud-hosted digital evidence management solutions, productivity software and real-time operations capabilities. Our financial strategy is to build highly recurring, highly profitable businesses. Axon products are generally cloud-connected, designed to drive better outcomes and customer experiences, and sold via mutually reinforcing integrated bundles. Axon s operations comprise two reportable segments: 
 1. Software and Sensors: We develop, manufacture and sell fully integrated hardware and cloud-based software solutions that enable law enforcement to capture, securely store, manage, share and analyze video and other digital evidence. Our software offerings also support productivity and real-time operations. 2. TASER: Axon is the market leader in the development, manufacture and sale of CEDs, which we sell under our brand name, TASER. 
 We derive revenue from two primary sources: (1) the sale of physical products, including Axon cameras, Axon Signal enabled devices, CEDs, corresponding hardware extended warranties, and related accessories such as Axon docks, cartridges and batteries, among others, and (2) subscriptions to our Axon Evidence digital evidence management software-as-a-service SaaS (including data storage fees and other ancillary services), which includes varying levels of support. To a lesser extent, we also recognize revenue from training, professional services and other software and SaaS services. Some of our products and services are sold on a standalone basis. We also bundle our hardware products and services together and sell them to our customers in single transactions, where the customer can make payments over a multi-year period. These sales may include payments for upfront hardware and services, as well as payments for hardware and services to be provided by us at a future date. Our revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 1,189.9 million, an increase of 326.6 million, or 37.8 , from the prior year. We had income from operations of 93.3 million compared to a loss from operations of 168.1 million in the prior year. Gross margin dollars increased by 187.7 million, but decreased as a percentage of revenue compared to 2021, reflecting higher labor and freight costs. Operating expenses decreased 73.6 million, reflecting a decrease of 195.9 million in stock-based compensation expense primarily related to the CEO Performance Award and XSPP, partially offset by an increase in salaries and bonus expense, and increases in travel and commissions expense. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded net income of 147.1 million, which reflected net unrealized gains of 131.9 million related to observable price changes for our existing investments and related warrants and an unrealized loss of 32.9 million on market securities related to our investment in Cellebrite DI Ltd CLBT , compared to a net loss of 60.0 million for the prior year. 
 37 

Table of Contents 
 Results of Operations The following table presents data from our consolidated statements of operations as well as the percentage relationship to total net sales of items included in our statements of operations (dollars in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Net sales from products 801,388 67.3 608,525 70.5 Net sales from services 388,547 32.7 254,856 29.5 Net sales 1,189,935 100.0 863,381 100.0 Cost of product sales 363,219 30.5 260,098 30.1 Cost of service sales 98,078 8.3 62,373 7.2 Cost of sales 461,297 38.8 322,471 37.3 Gross margin 728,638 61.2 540,910 62.7 Operating expenses: Sales, general and administrative 401,575 33.7 515,007 59.7 Research and development 233,810 19.7 194,026 22.5 Total operating expenses 635,385 53.4 709,033 82.2 Income (loss) from operations 93,253 7.8 (168,123) (19.5) Interest and other income, net 103,265 8.7 26,748 3.1 Income (loss) before provision for income taxes 196,518 16.5 (141,375) (16.4) Provision for (benefit from) income taxes 49,379 4.1 (81,357) (9.4) Net income (loss) 147,139 12.4 (60,018) (7.0) Net sales to the U.S. and other countries are summarized as follows (dollars in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 United States 987,975 83 686,914 80 Other Countries 201,960 17 176,467 20 Total 1,189,935 100 863,381 100 International revenue increased in 2022, driven by strength in our Asia-Pacific APAC region, but decreased as a percentage of total revenue compared to 2021 . Our operations are comprised of two reportable segments. In both segments, we report sales of products and services. Service revenue in both segments includes sales related to Axon Evidence. The Software and Sensors segment includes software and sensors, which includes the sale of devices, wearables, applications, cloud and mobile products, and services. o Axon Cloud revenue includes recurring cloud-hosted software revenue, related non-recurring professional services, and certain software, including on-premise licenses. o Sensors and Other revenue is referred to as revenue from our products in the Software and Sensors segment, which is generally from the sales of sensors, including on-officer body cameras, Axon Fleet cameras, other hardware sensors, warranties on sensors, and other products. 
 The TASER segment includes the manufacture and sale of CEDs, batteries, accessories and extended warranties and other products and services; 
 38 

Table of Contents 
 o Service revenue in this segment also includes digital subscription training content, VR training content, TASER Evidence.com, and other professional services tied to TASER and VR deployments. 
 Within the Software and Sensors segment, we include only revenues and costs attributable to that segment which costs include: costs of sales for both products and services, direct labor, and product management and R D for products included, or to be included, within the Software and Sensors segment. All other costs are included in the TASER segment. Sales, general and administrative expenses are reported on a consolidated basis. For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 Net Sales Net sales by product line were as follows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (dollars in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, Dollar Percent 2022 2021 Change Change TASER segment: TASER 7 224,905 18.9 135,906 15.7 88,999 65.5 TASER X26P 33,725 2.8 40,629 4.7 (6,904) (17.0) TASER X2 24,068 2.0 58,081 6.7 (34,013) (58.6) TASER Consumer devices 6,420 0.5 7,132 0.8 (712) (10.0) Cartridges 181,686 15.3 152,842 17.8 28,844 18.9 Axon Evidence and cloud services 18,752 1.6 9,159 1.1 9,593 104.7 Extended warranties 29,008 2.5 24,125 2.8 4,883 20.2 Other 13,002 1.1 9,053 1.0 3,949 43.6 TASER segment 531,566 44.7 436,927 50.6 94,639 21.7 Software and Sensors segment: Axon Body 124,164 10.4 75,484 8.8 48,680 64.5 Axon Flex 3,031 0.3 4,155 0.5 (1,124) (27.1) Axon Fleet 63,017 5.3 24,319 2.8 38,698 159.1 Axon Dock 30,086 2.5 24,441 2.8 5,645 23.1 Axon Evidence and cloud services 371,889 31.2 246,005 28.5 125,884 51.2 Extended warranties 49,765 4.2 33,686 3.9 16,079 47.7 Other 16,417 1.4 18,364 2.1 (1,947) (10.6) Software and Sensors segment 658,369 55.3 426,454 49.4 231,915 54.4 Total net sales 1,189,935 100.0 863,381 100.0 326,554 37.8 Net unit sales were as follows: 

Year Ended December 31, Unit Percent 2022 2021 Change Change TASER 7 139,217 90,348 48,869 54.1 TASER X26P 22,651 30,083 (7,432) (24.7) TASER X2 13,927 38,620 (24,693) (63.9) TASER Consumer devices 23,223 26,958 (3,735) (13.9) Cartridges 5,635,369 4,945,927 689,442 13.9 Axon Body 253,501 181,663 71,838 39.5 Axon Flex 6,018 7,828 (1,810) (23.1) Axon Fleet 24,344 11,264 13,080 116.1 Axon Dock 28,844 25,584 3,260 12.7 
 39 

Table of Contents 
 Net sales for the TASER segment increased 94.6 million, or 21.7 , primarily as a result of an increase of 89.0 million in TASER 7 devices and a 28.8 million increase in cartridge revenue. The increase in TASER 7 revenue is the result of increased unit sales and higher average selling prices. We continue to see a shift to purchases of TASER 7 from legacy devices. Cartridge revenue increased due to increased unit sales and higher average selling prices due to product mix shift from legacy handles to TASER 7. Axon Evidence and cloud services revenue increased based on the increased number of TASER 7 devices in the field. Partially offsetting the increases was a decrease in revenue of legacy devices of 40.9 million. The decrease was attributable to decreased unit sales and was partially offset by higher average selling prices. Net sales for the Software and Sensors segment increased 231.9 million, or 54.4 . Revenue from Axon Evidence and cloud services increased 125.9 million as we continued to add users to our network during the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase in the aggregate number of users and devices also resulted in increased extended warranty revenues of 16.1 million. Sales of our Axon Body 3 camera drove most of the 48.7 million increase in Axon Body revenue and the 5.6 million increase in Axon Dock revenue. Fleet revenue increased 38.7 million driven by an increase in both units and higher average selling prices, driven largely by Fleet 3. Backlog - As of December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021 Our backlog for products and services includes all orders that have been received and are believed to be firm. We define backlog as cumulative bookings, net of cancellations, less product and service revenue recognized to date. Bookings are generally realized as revenue over multiple years. The TASER segment backlog balance was 824.4 million as of December 31, 2022. This backlog balance includes 111.0 million of deferred revenue, and 713.5 million that has been recorded as bookings but not yet invoiced, all as of December 31, 2022. We expect to realize approximately 176.8 million of the December 31, 2022 backlog balance as revenue during the next 12 months . The Software and Sensors backlog balance was 3.8 billion as of December 31, 2022. This backlog balance includes 497.1 million of deferred revenue, and 3.3 billion that has been recorded as bookings but not yet invoiced, all as of December 31, 2022. We expect to realize approximately 780.7 million of the December 31, 2022 backlog balance as revenue during the next 12 months . 

TASER Software and Sensors Total (in millions) Balance, beginning of period 449 2,353 2,802 Add: additions to backlog, net of cancellations 907 2,128 3,035 Less: revenue recognized during period (532) (658) (1,190) Balance end of period 824 3,823 4,647 Our backlog of 4.6 billion as of December 31, 2022 has increased significantly from 2.8 billion as of December 31, 2021. 
 40 

Table of Contents 
 Gross Margin Gross Margin (dollars in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, Dollar Percent 2022 2021 Change Change TASER segment Product gross margin 316,053 277,177 38,876 14.0 Service gross margin 20,556 9,866 10,690 108.4 Total TASER segment gross margin 336,609 287,043 49,566 17.3 Software and Sensors segment Product gross margin 122,116 71,250 50,866 71.4 Service gross margin 269,913 182,617 87,296 47.8 Total Software and Sensors segment gross margin 392,029 253,867 138,162 54.4 Total gross margin 728,638 540,910 187,728 34.7 Gross margin as of net sales 61.2 62.7 Gross margin increased 187.7 million to 728.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 540.9 million for 2021. As a percentage of net sales, gross margin decreased to 61.2 for 2022 from 62.7 for 2021 due to a mix of low to no margin professional services revenue and increased raw materials and labor expense. As a percentage of total segment net sales, gross margin for the TASER segment decreased to 63.3 for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 65.7 for the year ended December 31, 2021 as a result of higher direct cost of goods. Impacting higher cost of goods sold were cost increases in raw materials and increased labor expense. Within the Software and Sensors segment, gross margin as a percentage of total segment net sales remained consistent at 59.5 for each of the years ended 2022 and 2021, respectively. Within the Software and Sensors segment, product gross margin was 42.1 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 39.2 for the same period in 2021. The increase in product gross margin was attributable to higher average selling prices for the Axon Body 3 and Fleet 3. The service margins were 73.3 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 74.6 for the same period in 2021. The decrease in service margins was driven by a higher mix of low margin professional service revenue in 2022. Sales, General and Administrative Expenses Sales, General and Administrative SG A Expenses (dollars in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, Dollar Percent 2022 2021 Change Change Salaries, benefits and bonus 160,936 140,075 20,861 14.9 Stock-based compensation 51,301 238,813 (187,512) (78.5) Sales and marketing 72,451 52,058 20,393 39.2 Other 116,887 84,061 32,826 39.1 Total sales, general and administrative expenses 401,575 515,007 (113,432) (22.0) SG A expenses as a percentage of net sales 33.7 59.7 SG A expenses decreased 113.4 million, or 22.0 . Stock-based compensation expense decreased 187.5 million in comparison to the prior year comparable period, which was primarily attributable to a decrease of 122.9 million in expense related to the CEO Performance Award and a decrease of 83.8 million related to our XSPP. The decrease related to the vesting of ten tranches of the CEO Performance Award and nine tranches of the XSPP in 2021, which have no remaining unrecognized expense for the vested tranches, as well as no additional tranches that vested in 2022. The decrease was partially offset by increased stock-based compensation expense for time-based awards due to higher headcount. 
 41 

Table of Contents 
 Salaries, benefits and bonus expense increased 20.9 million. Of the total increase, 32.3 million is attributable to an increase in salaries and related primarily to increased headcount. An increase in bonus expense of 10.2 million reflected incremental bonuses paid during the year to employees at the senior director level and below, as well as higher attainment on the annual company bonus performance metrics compared to 2021. Partially offsetting the increase was a decrease of 18.4 million in payroll taxes related to the vesting of nine tranches of the XSPP and the exercise of options under the CEO Performance Award in 2021; as no tranches vested in 2022, we did not recognize any payroll tax expense related to the program in 2022. Salaries, benefits and bonus expense decreased as a percentage of sales from 16.2 for 2021 to 13.5 for 2022. Sales and marketing expenses increased 20.4 million, driven by a 16.9 million increase in commissions tied to higher revenues. Of the total increase, 3.3 million related to trade shows and seminars, as we hosted additional in-person events including our annual user conference, Axon Accelerate, in 2022. Other SG A expenses increased by 32.8 million, reflecting higher headcount and the following: Travel expenses increased 8.4 million reflecting increased in-person customer and vendor meetings. Increased travel costs per trip also impacted higher travel expenses. Professional, consulting and lobbying expenses increased 5.2 million, driven primarily by initiatives supporting company growth and expansion. Depreciation and amortization increased 4.5 million primarily due to an increase in depreciation and amortization expense following the implementation of several phases of our enterprise resource planning and related systems during 2021. 
 Research and Development Expenses Research and Development R D Expenses (dollars in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, Dollar Percent 2022 2021 Change Change Salaries, benefits and bonus 135,596 95,057 40,539 42.6 Stock-based compensation 50,268 58,674 (8,406) (14.3) Indirect manufacturing costs and supplies 18,955 13,312 5,643 42.4 Other 28,991 26,983 2,008 7.4 Total research and development expenses 233,810 194,026 39,784 20.5 R D expenses as a percentage of net sales 19.7 22.5 Within the TASER segment, R D expenses increased 5.5 million or 11.9 . An increase of 8.3 million in salaries, benefits and bonus expense reflected higher headcount. Additionally, indirect manufacturing costs and supplies increased 3.8 million related to the development of next generation products. Partially offsetting these increases was a decrease in stock-based compensation expense of 5.7 million, due to the vesting of nine XSPP tranches during 2021, for which there is no remaining unamortized expense, as well as no additional tranches that vested in 2022. R D expense for the Software and Sensors segment increased 34.3 million or 23.2 and decreased as a percentage of sales to 27.7 compared to 34.7 in the prior year. An increase of 32.2 million related to salaries, benefits, and bonus attributable to increased headcount. Stock-based compensation expense for the Software and Sensors segment decreased 2.7 million. Contributing to the decrease was the vesting of nine XSPP tranches during 2021, for which there is no remaining unamortized expense, as well as no additional tranches that vested in 2022. Partially offsetting the decrease was an increase in general stock-based compensation expense due to an increase in headcount. 
 42 

Table of Contents 
 Interest and Other Income, Net Interest and other income, net was 103.3 million and 26.7 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded a net unrealized gain of 131.9 million related to observable price changes for our investments in certain strategic investments and related warrants and the exercise of warrants in one of our strategic investees , which was partially offset by a 32.9 million unrealized loss on marketable securities related to our investment in CLBT. Interest and other income, net also reflected net interest income of 4.8 million and losses from foreign currency transactions of 0.9 million. For the year ended December 31, 2021, we recorded a gain of 40.9 million related to observable price changes for our investments in certain strategic investments and related warrants. The gain was partially offset by a 17.8 million unrealized loss on marketable securities related to our investment in CLBT . Interest and other income, net also reflected interest income of 1.7 million, other income of 0.9 million from a government grant, and gains from foreign currency transactions of 0.4 million. Provision for Income Taxes The provision for income taxes was an expense of 49.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The effective income tax rate for 2022 was 25.1 . The benefits related to excess stock-based compensation of 4.6 million and research and development credits of 13.3 million, and a deduction for foreign derived intangible income FDII of 2.6 million were offset by the tax effects of permanently non-deductible expenses for executive compensation of 5.8 million, an increase in uncertain tax benefits of 3.2 million, and other permanently non-deductible expenses of 1.8 million. Additionally, we recorded a 10.2 million increase to our valuation allowance as of December 31, 2022 related to research and development tax credits that may not be utilized prior to expiration and an unrealized investment loss. The provision for income taxes was a benefit of 81.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The effective income tax rate for 2021 was 57.5 . The benefits related to excess stock-based compensation of 205.5 million and research and development credits of 34.4 million were partially offset by the tax effects of permanently non-deductible expenses for executive compensation of 180.5 million, an increase in uncertain tax benefits of 10.2 million, and other permanently non-deductible expenses of 1.8 million. Additionally, we recorded a 9.0 million increase to our valuation allowance as of December 31, 2021 related to research and development tax credits that may not be utilized prior to expiration and an unrealized investment loss. Net Income We recorded net income of 147.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to a net loss of 60.0 million in 2021. Net income per basic share was 2.07 while diluted net income per share was 2.03, compared to net loss per basic and diluted net loss per share of 0.91 for 2021. 
 43 

Table of Contents 
 Three Months Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to September 30, 2022 Net sales by product line were as follows (dollars in thousands): 

Three Months Ended Three Months Ended Dollar Percent December 31, 2022 September 30, 2022 Change Change TASER segment: TASER 7 55,448 16.5 65,951 21.2 (10,503) (15.9) TASER X26P 6,010 1.8 5,897 1.9 113 1.9 TASER X2 7,617 2.3 8,298 2.7 (681) (8.2) TASER Consumer devices 1,335 0.4 1,702 0.6 (367) (21.6) Cartridges 47,541 14.1 46,475 14.9 1,066 2.3 Axon Evidence and cloud services 6,890 2.0 5,125 1.6 1,765 34.4 Extended warranties 7,580 2.3 7,290 2.3 290 4.0 Other 4,316 1.3 4,145 1.3 171 4.1 TASER segment 136,737 40.7 144,883 46.5 (8,146) (5.6) Software and Sensors segment: Axon Body 31,561 9.4 35,427 11.4 (3,866) (10.9) Axon Flex 394 0.1 687 0.2 (293) (42.6) Axon Fleet 23,177 6.9 10,139 3.3 13,038 128.6 Axon Dock 11,927 3.5 4,830 1.5 7,097 146.9 Axon Evidence and cloud services 113,225 33.7 96,814 31.1 16,411 17.0 Extended warranties 13,695 4.1 14,511 4.6 (816) (5.6) Other 5,426 1.6 4,463 1.4 963 21.6 Software and Sensors segment 199,405 59.3 166,871 53.5 32,534 19.5 Total net sales 336,142 100.0 311,754 100.0 24,388 7.8 Net unit sales were as follows: 

Three Months Ended Unit Percent December 31, 2022 September 30, 2022 Change Change TASER 7 34,530 40,502 (5,972) (14.7) TASER X26P 3,737 3,745 (8) (0.2) TASER X2 4,056 5,120 (1,064) (20.8) TASER Consumer devices 4,685 7,180 (2,495) (34.7) Cartridges 1,527,929 1,481,169 46,760 3.2 Axon Body 60,018 71,070 (11,052) (15.6) Axon Flex 567 1,188 (621) (52.3) Axon Fleet 10,109 2,342 7,767 331.6 Axon Dock 11,644 3,822 7,822 204.7 Net sales for the TASER segment decreased 8.1 million, or 5.6 , on a sequential basis primarily due to a 10.5 million decrease in revenue from TASER 7 devices. This is tied to shipment timing on hardware, and we see healthy demand for TASER products and services for 2023. The decrease in TASER 7 revenues was partially offset by an increase in Axon Evidence revenue of 1.8 million and increased cartridge revenue of 1.1 million of other TASER devices. The decrease in revenue was a result of decreased unit sales, and was partially offset by higher average selling prices on our TASER 7 devices. The increase in Axon Evidence revenue was a result of more TASER devices in the field, as well as higher VR revenue. Cartridge revenue increased due to increased units, partially offset by lower average selling prices. Net sales for the Software and Sensors segment increased 32.5 million, or 19.5 , on a sequential basis primarily due to a 16.4 million increase in Axon Evidence and cloud services revenue and a 13.0 million increase in Axon 
 44 

Table of Contents 
 Fleet revenue. The increase in Axon Evidence and cloud services revenue was a result of the increase in the aggregate number of users on our network. Axon Fleet revenue was driven primarily by increased unit sales, partially offset by a decrease in the average selling price. International sales were 55.5 million in for the three months ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 47.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2022, an increase of 8.4 million, primarily driven by increased sales in the EMEA region. Non-GAAP Financial Measures To supplement our financial results presented in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. GAAP ), we present the non-GAAP financial measures of EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA. Our management uses these non-GAAP financial measures in evaluating our performance in comparison to prior periods. We believe that both management and investors benefit from referring to these non-GAAP financial measures in assessing our performance, and when planning and forecasting our future periods. A reconciliation of GAAP to the non-GAAP financial measures is presented below. EBITDA (Most comparable GAAP Measure: Net income) - Earnings before interest expense, investment interest income, taxes, depreciation and amortization. Adjusted EBITDA (Most comparable GAAP Measure: Net income) - Earnings before interest expense, investment interest income, taxes, depreciation, amortization and non-cash stock-based compensation expense, realized and unrealized gains and losses on strategic investments and marketable securities, and certain other pre-tax items. 
 Although these non-GAAP financial measures are not consistent with GAAP, management believes investors will benefit by referring to these non-GAAP financial measures when assessing our operating results, as well as when forecasting and analyzing future periods. However, management recognizes that: these non-GAAP financial measures are limited in their usefulness and should be considered only as a supplement to our GAAP financial measures; these non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered in isolation from, or as a substitute for, our GAAP financial measures; these non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered to be superior to our GAAP financial measures; and these non-GAAP financial measures were not prepared in accordance with GAAP and investors should not assume that the non-GAAP financial measures presented in this Annual Report on Form 10-K were prepared under a comprehensive set of rules or principles. 

 45 

Table of Contents 
 EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA reconcile to net income as follows (dollars in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Net income (loss) 147,139 (60,018) Depreciation and amortization 24,381 18,694 Interest expense 488 28 Investment interest (income) loss (4,782) (1,511) Provision for (benefit from) income taxes 49,379 (81,357) EBITDA 216,605 (124,164) Non-GAAP adjustments: Stock-based compensation expense 106,176 303,331 Realized and unrealized gains on strategic investments and marketable securities, net (98,943) (23,035) Transaction costs related to strategic investments and acquisitions 2,368 2,068 Loss on disposal and abandonment of intangible assets 110 146 Loss on disposal and impairment of property, equipment and other assets, net 5,452 92 Costs related to FTC litigation 545 741 Payroll taxes related to XSPP vesting and CEO Award option exercises 18,933 Adjusted EBITDA 232,313 178,112 Liquidity and Capital Resources Summary As of December 31, 2022, we had 353.7 million of cash and cash equivalents, a decrease of 2.6 million from December 31, 2021. Cash and cash equivalents and investments totaled 1.1 billion, an increase of 689.6 million from December 31, 2021. Cash Flows The following table summarizes our cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities (in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Operating activities 235,361 124,494 Investing activities (830,967) 252,556 Financing activities 598,100 (174,181) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents (3,380) (1,982) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash (886) 200,887 Operating activities Net cash provided by operating activities in 2022 of 235.4 million consisted of 147.1 million in net income, a net add-back of non-cash income statement items totaling 69.2 million, and an 19.1 million net change in operating assets and liabilities. Included in the non-cash items were 106.2 million in stock-based compensation expense, a 98.9 million net gain on the change in fair value of strategic investments and marketable securities, 24.4 million in depreciation and amortization expense, and a 22.1 million increase in deferred income tax assets. Cash provided by operations was impacted by an increase of 73.2 million in accounts and notes receivable and contract assets, which was largely attributable to increased sales in 2022, particularly for sales made under subscription plans. Cash provided by operations was also impacted by an increase of 52.2 million in prepaid expenses and other assets, resulting 
 46 

Table of Contents 
 primarily from an increase in deferred commissions expense offset by a decrease in income tax receivable due to utilization of overpayments, plus an increase of 96.0 million in inventory as we proactively built up inventory to help meet future product demand . Partially offsetting this activity was an increase in deferred revenue of 159.7 million, which was primarily attributable to increased subscription invoicing for Software and Sensors hardware and services in advance of fulfillment, and a smaller increase in hardware deferred revenue from TASER subscription sales. Investing activities We used 831.0 million for investing activities in 2022. Cash outflows from investing activities included 692.2 million for purchases of available-for-sale investments, net of proceeds from calls and maturities, 74.3 million for new strategic minority investments and 6.6 million for the exercise of price of warrants related to our strategic investments. We also invested 55.5 million in the purchase of property and equipment and intangibles, net of proceeds on disposals. Financing activities Net cash provided by financing activities was 598.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase in cash provided by financing activities was primarily due to net proceeds of 603.0 million from issuing the Notes and Warrants and the purchase of the Note Hedge. Partially offsetting the increase were payments totaling 4.9 million for certain restricted stock units RSUs that were net-share settled, such that we withheld shares to cover the employees tax obligation for the applicable income and other employment taxes, and remitted the cash to the appropriate taxing authorities. Liquidity and Capital Resources Our most significant source of liquidity continues to be funds generated by operating activities and available cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments. In addition, our 200.0 million revolving credit facility is available for additional working capital needs or investment opportunities. Under the terms of the line of credit, available borrowings are reduced by outstanding letters of credit. Advances under the line of credit bear interest at Term SOFR plus 1.25 to 1.75 per year determined in accordance with a pricing grid based on our net debt to earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization EBITDA ratio. SOFR is defined as a rate equal to the secured overnight financing rate as administered by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate. As of December 31, 2022, we had letters of credit outstanding of 7.0 million, leaving the net amount available for borrowing of 193.0 million The credit agreement will mature on the earlier of December 15, 2027 or the date that is six months prior to the stated maturity date of the 0.50 convertible senior notes due 2027 unless such Notes have been redeemed, repurchased, converted or defeased in full. Additionally, the credit agreement has an accordion feature which allows for an increase in the total line of credit up to 300.0 million, subject to each lender s sole discretion. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no borrowings under the line. There can be no assurance that we will continue to generate cash flows at or above current levels or that we will be able to maintain our ability to borrow under our revolving credit facility. Our agreement with the bank requires us to comply with a net leverage ratio, defined as consolidated total indebtedness to EBITDA, of no greater than 3.50 to 1.00 based upon a trailing four fiscal quarter period. At December 31, 2022, our net leverage ratio was 0.97 to 1.00. Additionally, we must comply with a consolidated interest coverage ratio, defined as EBITDA to consolidated interest expense, of no less than 3.50 to 1.00 based upon a trailing four fiscal quarter end. We are compliant with the consolidated interest coverage ratio, which is not meaningful for the year ended December 31, 2022. TASER subscription and installment purchase arrangements typically involve amounts invoiced in five equal installments at the beginning of each year of the five-year term. This is in contrast to a traditional CED sale in which 
 47 

Table of Contents 
 the entire amount being charged for the hardware is invoiced upon shipment. This impacts liquidity in a commensurate fashion, with the cash for the subscription or installment purchase received in five annual installments rather than up front. Our strategy includes continuing to shift an increasing amount of our business to a subscription model, to better match the municipal budgeting process of our customers as well as to allow for multiple product offerings to be bundled into existing subscriptions. We carefully considered the cash flow impacts of this strategic shift and regularly revisit our cash flow forecast with the goal of maintaining a comfortable level of liquidity as we continue to offer products and services in which we incur upfront cash costs to produce and fulfill hardware sales ahead of the cash inflows from our customers. Based on our strong balance sheet at December 31, 2022 and successful convertible senior notes offering completed during 2022, we believe financing will be available, both through our existing credit line and possible additional financing. However, there is no assurance that such funding will be available on terms acceptable to us, or at all. We believe that our sources of funding will be sufficient to satisfy our currently anticipated cash requirements including capital expenditures, working capital requirements, potential acquisitions or investments, income and payroll tax payments for net-settled stock awards, and other liquidity requirements through at least the next 12 months. We and our Board of Directors may consider repurchases of our common stock. Further repurchases of our common stock would take place on the open market, would be financed with available cash and are subject to authorization as well as market and business conditions. Contractual Obligations The following table outlines our future contractual financial obligations by period in which payment is expected, as of December 31, 2022 (dollars in thousands): 

Short Long Total Term Term Operating lease obligations 55,893 8,448 47,445 Purchase obligations 915,102 544,341 370,761 Principal amount payable on our convertible senior notes 690,000 690,000 Total contractual obligations 1,660,995 552,789 1,108,206 Purchase obligations in the table above represent 499.7 million of open purchase orders and 415.4 million of other purchase obligations. The open purchase orders represent both cancelable and non-cancelable purchase orders with key vendors, which are included in this table due to our strategic relationships with these vendors. For additional information regarding our convertible senior notes, refer to Note 12 in the notes to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We are subject to U.S. federal income tax as well as income taxes imposed by state and foreign jurisdictions. As of December 31, 2022, we had 21.5 million of gross unrecognized tax benefits related to uncertain tax positions. The settlement period for these long-term income tax liabilities cannot be determined; however, the liabilities are expected to increase by approximately 0.9 million within the next 12 months. Critical Accounting Estimates We have identified the following accounting estimates as critical to our business operations and the understanding of our results of operations. The preparation of this Annual Report on Form 10-K requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amount of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of our consolidated financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. While we do not believe that a change in these estimates is reasonably likely, there can 
 48 

Table of Contents 
 be no assurance that our actual results will not differ from these estimates. The effect of these estimates on our business operations is discussed below. Standard Warranties We warranty our CEDs, Axon cameras and certain related accessories from manufacturing defects on a limited basis for a period of one year after purchase and, thereafter, will replace any defective unit for a fee. Estimated costs for the standard warranty are charged to cost of products sold when revenue is recorded for the related product. Future warranty costs are estimated on a quarterly basis based on historical data related to warranty claims and this rate is applied to current product sales. Historically, reserve amounts have been increased if management becomes aware of a component failure or other issue that could result in larger than anticipated warranty claims from customers. The warranty reserve is reviewed quarterly to verify that it sufficiently reflects the remaining warranty obligations based on the anticipated expenditures over the balance of the warranty obligation period, and adjustments are made when actual warranty claim experience differs from estimates. The warranty reserve is included in accrued liabilities on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, our warranty reserve was approximately 0.8 million and 2.8 million, respectively. Warranty expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was 0.2 million, 2.9 million and 0.0 million, respectively. Warranty expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 was impacted by lower than expected warranty claims for the Axon on-officer body cameras and TASER 7 handles. Warranty expense for the year ended December 31, 2021, was impacted by higher battery degradation resulting in shorter battery lives for the Axon Body 3 on-officer body camera and warranty claims for TASER 7 handles. Warranty expense for the year ended December 31, 2020 was impacted by lower than expected warranty claims for the Axon Body 3 on-officer body camera. Revenue related to separately-priced extended warranties is initially recorded as deferred revenue at its allocated amount and subsequently recognized as net sales on a straight-line basis over the warranty service period. Costs related to extended warranties are charged to cost of product and service sales when incurred. Inventory Inventories are stated at the lower of cost, determined on the first-in, first-out FIFO basis, or net realizable value, net of an inventory valuation allowance. We use a standard cost methodology to approximate the cost basis for our inventories. Costs include allocations for materials, labor, and overhead. All variances between actual costs and standard costs are apportioned to inventory and cost of product sales based upon inventory turnover. Additional provisions are made to reduce excess, obsolete or slow-moving inventories to their net realizable value. These provisions are based on management s best estimate after considering historical demand, projected future demand, inventory purchase commitments, industry and market trends and conditions among other factors. We evaluate inventory costs for abnormal costs due to excess production capacity and treat such costs as period costs. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded provisions to reduce inventories to their lower of cost and net realizable value of approximately 1.5 million compared to 0.9 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. Revenue Recognition, Deferred Revenue and Accounts and Notes Receivable and Contract Assets We derive revenue from two primary sources: (1) the sale of physical products, including conducted energy devices CEDs ), Axon cameras, Axon Signal enabled devices, corresponding hardware extended warranties, and related accessories such as Axon docks, cartridges and batteries, among others, and (2) subscriptions to our Axon Evidence digital evidence management software-as-a-service SaaS (including data storage fees and other ancillary services), which includes varying levels of support. To a lesser extent, we also recognize revenue from training, professional services and other software and SaaS services. We apply the five-step model outlined in Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts from Customers Topic 606 ). For additional discussion of the adoption of Topic 606, see Note 2. 
 49 

Table of Contents 
 A performance obligation is a promise in a contract to transfer a distinct good or service to the customer, and is the unit of account in Topic 606. For contracts with multiple performance obligations, we allocate the contract transaction price to each performance obligation using our estimate of the standalone selling price SSP of each distinct good or service in the contract. Revenues are recognized upon transfer of control of promised products or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect to receive in exchange for those products or services. We enter into contracts that can include various combinations of products and services, each of which is generally distinct and accounted for as a separate performance obligation. Revenue is recognized net of allowances for returns. Performance obligations to deliver products, including CEDs, cameras and related accessories such as cartridges, batteries and docks, are generally satisfied at the point in time we ship the product, as this is when the customer obtains control of the asset under our standard terms and conditions. In certain contracts with non-standard terms and conditions, these performance obligations may not be satisfied until formal customer acceptance occurs. Performance obligations to fulfill service-type extended warranties and provide our SaaS offerings, including Axon Evidence and other cloud services, are generally satisfied over time as the customer receives and consumes the benefits of these services over the stated service period. Many of our products and services are sold on a standalone basis. We also bundle our hardware products and services together and sell them to our customers in single transactions, where the customer can make payments over a multi-year period. These sales may include payments for upfront hardware and services, as well as payments for hardware and services to be provided by us at a future date. Additionally, we offer customers the ability to purchase CED cartridges and certain services on an unlimited basis over the contractual term. Due to the unlimited nature of these arrangements whereby we are obligated to deliver unlimited products at the customer s request, we account for these arrangements as stand-ready obligations and recognize revenue ratably over the contract period. Cost of product sales is recognized when control of hardware products or accessories have transferred to the customer. We have elected to recognize shipping costs as an expense in cost of product sales when the control of hardware products or accessories have transferred to the customer. Sales tax collected on sales is netted against government remittances and thus, recorded on a net basis. The timing of revenue recognition may differ from the timing of invoicing to customers. We generally have an unconditional right to consideration when we invoice our customers and record a receivable. We record a contract asset when revenue is recognized prior to invoicing, or a contract liability (deferred revenue) when revenue will be recognized subsequent to invoicing. Contract asset amounts that will be invoiced during the subsequent twelve month period from the balance sheet date are classified as current assets and the remaining portion is recorded within other assets on our consolidated balance sheets. Deferred revenue that will be recognized during the subsequent twelve month period from the balance sheet date is recorded as current deferred revenue and the remaining portion is recorded as long-term deferred revenue. Generally, customers are billed in annual installments. See Note 2 for further disclosures about our contract assets. Sales are typically made on credit, and we generally do not require collateral. We are exposed to credit losses primarily through sales of products and services. Our expected loss allowance methodology for accounts receivable, notes receivable, and contract assets is developed using historical collection experience, published or estimated credit default rates for entities that represent our customer base, current and future economic and market conditions and a review of the current status of customers trade accounts receivables. We review receivables for U.S. and international customers separately to better reflect different published credit default rates and economic and market conditions. Additionally, specific reserve amounts are established to record the appropriate provision for customers that have a higher probability of default. Our monitoring activities include account reconciliation, dispute resolution, payment 
 50 

Table of Contents 
 confirmation, consideration of customers financial condition and macroeconomic conditions. Balances are written off when determined to be uncollectible. Valuation of Goodwill, Intangible and Long-lived Assets We evaluate whether events and circumstances have occurred that indicate the remaining estimated useful life of long-lived assets and identifiable intangible assets, excluding goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite useful lives, may warrant revision or that the remaining balance of these assets may not be recoverable. Such circumstances could include, but are not limited to, a change in the product mix, a change in the way products are created, produced or delivered, or a significant change in the way products are branded and marketed. In performing the review for recoverability, we estimate the future undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use of the assets and their eventual disposition. The amount of the impairment loss, if impairment exists, is calculated based on the excess of the carrying amounts of the assets over their estimated fair value computed using discounted cash flows. Finite-lived intangible assets and other long-lived assets are amortized over their estimated useful lives. We do not amortize goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite useful lives; rather such assets are required to be tested for impairment at least annually or sooner whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the assets may be impaired. We perform our annual goodwill and intangible asset impairment tests in the fourth quarter of each year. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded 5.3 million of impairment charges. Of this total, 3.3 million related to the cease-use of a portion of our Seattle office. An additional 1.4 million related to the decision to slow pacing on construction of our new Scottsdale, Arizona campus. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we recorded an immaterial amount of impairment charges. During the year ended December 31, 2020, we abandoned certain planning and site development activities related to our planned new headquarters, resulting in an impairment charge of 0.7 million. Additionally, we recognized impairment charges totaling 0.5 million related to improvements and remodeling of certain of our offices. During the year ended December 31, 2022, these charges were included in sales, general and administrative expense, except for 2.7 million related to the Seattle office lease cease-use, which was recorded in R D, in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. Income Taxes We recognize federal, state and foreign current tax liabilities or assets based on our estimate of taxes payable or refundable in the current fiscal year by tax jurisdiction. We also recognize federal, state and foreign deferred tax assets or liabilities, as appropriate, for our estimate of future tax effects attributable to temporary differences and carry forwards. We recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the consolidated financial statements from such positions are measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than fifty percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate resolution. We must also assess whether uncertain tax positions as filed could result in the recognition of a liability for possible interest and penalties if any. We have completed research and development tax credit studies for each year a tax credit was claimed for federal and state income tax purposes. We determined that it was more likely than not that the full benefit of the research and development tax credit would not be sustained on examination and accordingly, have established a liability for unrecognized tax benefits of 21.5 million as of December 31, 2022. We expect the amount of the unrecognized tax benefit to increase by approximately 0.9 million within the next 12 months. Should the unrecognized tax benefit of 21.5 million be recognized, our effective tax rate would be favorably impacted. Our estimates are based on information available to us at the time we prepare the income tax provision. Our income tax returns are subject to audit by federal, state, and local governments, generally years after the returns are filed. These returns could be subject to material adjustments or differing interpretations of the tax laws. Our calculation of current and deferred tax assets and liabilities is based on certain estimates and judgments and involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax laws. Our estimates of current and deferred tax 
 51 

Table of Contents 
 assets and liabilities may change based, in part, on added certainty or finality to an anticipated outcome, changes in accounting or tax laws in the U.S. and internationally, or changes in other facts or circumstances. In addition, we recognize liabilities for potential tax contingencies based on our estimate of whether, and the extent to which, additional taxes may be due. If we determine that payment of these amounts is unnecessary, or if the actual tax liability is greater than our current assessment, we may be required to recognize an income tax benefit, or additional income tax expense, respectively, in our consolidated financial statements. In preparing our consolidated financial statements, we assess the likelihood that our deferred tax assets will be realized from future taxable income. In evaluating our ability to recover our deferred income tax assets, we consider all available positive and negative evidence, including operating results, ongoing tax planning and forecasts of future taxable income on a jurisdiction-by-jurisdiction basis. A valuation allowance is established if we determine that it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the net deferred tax assets will not be realized. Although we believe that our tax estimates are reasonable, the ultimate tax determination involves significant judgments that could become subject to audit by tax authorities in the ordinary course of business. We have state net operating loss NOLs of 89.5 million, which expire at various dates between 2026 and 2041 or carryforward indefinitely. We anticipate sufficient future pre-tax book income to realize a large portion of our deferred tax assets. However, based on expected income for years in which Arizona R D tax credits are set to expire, unrealized investment losses for which realization is uncertain, and specific identified intangibles with an indefinite life, a reserve of 26.4 million has been recorded as a valuation allowance against deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2022. Stock-Based Compensation We have historically granted stock-based compensation to key employees and non-employee directors as a means of attracting and retaining highly qualified personnel. Stock-based compensation awards primarily consist of service-based RSUs, performance-based RSUs, and performance-based stock options. Our stock-based compensation awards are classified as equity and measured at the fair market value of the underlying stock at the grant date. For service-based awards, we recognize RSU expense using the straight-line attribution method over the requisite service period. Vesting of performance-based RSUs is contingent upon the achievement of certain performance criteria related to our operating performance, as well as successful and timely development and market acceptance of future product introductions. For performance-based RSUs containing only performance conditions, compensation cost is recognized using the graded attribution model over the explicit or implicit service period. For awards containing multiple service, performance or market conditions, where all conditions must be satisfied prior to vesting, compensation expense is recognized over the requisite service period, which is defined as the longest explicit, implicit or derived service period, based on management s estimate of the probability and timing of the performance criteria being satisfied, adjusted at each balance sheet date. For both service-based and performance-based RSUs, we account for forfeitures as they occur as a reduction to stock-based compensation expense and additional paid-in-capital. For performance-based options, stock-based compensation expense is recognized over the expected performance achievement period of individual performance goals when the achievement of each individual performance goal becomes probable. For performance-based awards with a vesting schedule based entirely on the attainment of both performance and market conditions, stock-based compensation expense is recognized over the longer of the expected achievement period of the performance and market conditions, beginning at the point in time that the relevant performance condition is considered probable of achievement. The fair value of such awards is estimated on the grant date using Monte Carlo simulations. Refer to Note 16 of the notes to our consolidated financial statements within this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We have granted a total of approximately 15.3 million performance-based awards (options and restricted stock units) of which approximately 3.8 million are outstanding as of December 31, 2022, the vesting of which is contingent upon the achievement of certain performance criteria including the successful development and market acceptance of future product introductions as well as our future sales targets and operating performance and market capitalization. Of the 3.8 million performance-based awards that are outstanding, 1.4 million are options that are exercisable. 
 52 

Table of Contents 
 Compensation expense for performance awards will be recognized based on management s best estimate of the probability of the performance criteria being satisfied using the most currently available projections of future product adoption and operating performance, adjusted at each balance sheet date. Changes in the subjective and probability-based assumptions can materially affect the estimates of the fair value of the awards and timing of recognition of stock-based compensation and consequently, the related amount recognized in our statements of operations and comprehensive income. Contingencies and Accrued Litigation Expense We are subject to the possibility of various loss contingencies arising in the ordinary course of business, including product-related and other litigation. We consider the likelihood of loss or impairment of an asset or the incurrence of a liability, as well as our ability to reasonably estimate the amount of loss in determining loss contingencies. An estimated loss contingency is accrued when it is probable that an asset has been impaired or a liability has been incurred and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. We regularly evaluate current information available to us to determine whether such accruals should be adjusted and whether new accruals are required. Refer to Note 13 of our consolidated financial statements within this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Reserve for Expected Credit Losses We are exposed to credit losses primarily through sales of products and services. Our expected loss allowance methodology for accounts receivable, notes receivable, and contract assets is developed using historical collection experience, published or estimated credit default rates for entities that represent our customer base, current and future economic and market conditions and a review of the current status of customers trade accounts receivables. Additionally, specific allowance amounts are established to record the appropriate provision for customers that have a higher probability of default. Our monitoring activities include account reconciliation, dispute resolution, payment confirmation, consideration of customers financial condition and macroeconomic conditions. Balances are written off when determined to be uncollectible. We review receivables for U.S. and international customers separately to better reflect different published credit default rates and economic and market conditions. A majority of our customers are governmental agencies. Due to municipal government funding rules, certain of our contracts are subject to appropriation, termination for convenience, or similar cancellation clauses, which could allow our customers to cancel or not exercise options to renew contracts in the future. Economic slowdowns that negatively affect municipal tax collections and put pressure on law enforcement may increase this risk and negatively impact the realizability of our accounts and notes receivable and contract assets. Based on the balances of our financial instruments as of December 31, 2022, a hypothetical 25 percent increase in expected credit loss rates across all pools would result in a 0.8 million increase in the allowance for expected credit losses. Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk Interest Rate Risk We typically invest in a limited number of financial instruments, consisting principally of investments in money market accounts, certificates of deposit, corporate and municipal bonds with a typical long-term debt rating of A or better by any nationally recognized statistical rating organization, denominated in U.S. dollars. All of our cash equivalents and investments are treated as available-for-sale . We report available-for-sale investments at fair value as of each balance sheet date and record any unrealized gains or losses as a component of stockholders equity. The cost of securities sold is determined on a specific identification basis, and realized gains and losses are included in interest and other income, net within the consolidated statements of operations. When the fair value is below the amortized cost of a marketable security, an estimate of expected credit losses is made. The credit-related impairment 
 53 

Table of Contents 
 amount is recognized in the consolidated statements of operations. Credit losses are recognized through the use of an allowance for credit losses account in the consolidated balance sheet and subsequent improvements in expected credit losses are recognized as a reversal of an amount in the allowance account. If we have the intent to sell the security or it is more likely than not that we will be required to sell the security prior to recovery of its amortized cost basis, then the allowance for the credit loss is written-off and the excess of the amortized cost basis of the asset over its fair value is recorded in the consolidated statements of operations. Based on investment positions as of December 31, 2022, a hypothetical 100 basis point increase in interest rates across all maturities would result in a 3.4 million decline in the fair market value of the portfolio. Such losses would only be realized if we sold the investments prior to maturity. Additionally, we have access to a 200.0 million line of credit borrowing facility which bears interest at SOFR 1.25 to 1.75 per year determined in accordance with a pricing grid based on our net leverage ratio and consolidated interest coverage ratio. Under the terms of the line of credit, available borrowings are reduced by outstanding letters of credit, which totaled 7.0 million at December 31, 2022. At December 31, 2022, there was no amount outstanding under the line of credit, and the available borrowing under the line of credit was 193.0 million. We have not borrowed any funds under the line of credit since its inception; however; should we need to do so in the future, such borrowings could be subject to adverse or favorable changes in the underlying interest rate. Exchange Rate Risk Our results of operations and cash flows are subject to fluctuations due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates, in each case compared to the U.S. dollar, related to transactions by our foreign subsidiaries. The majority of our sales to international customers are transacted in foreign currencies and therefore are subject to exchange rate fluctuations on these transactions. The cost of our products to our customers increases when the U.S. dollar strengthens against their local currency, and we may have more sales and expenses denominated in foreign currencies in future years which could increase our foreign exchange rate risk. Additionally, intercompany sales to our non-U.S. dollar functional currency international subsidiaries are transacted in U.S. dollars which could increase our foreign exchange rate risk caused by foreign currency transaction gains and losses. To date, we have not engaged in any currency hedging activities. However, we may enter into foreign currency forward and option contracts with financial institutions to protect against foreign exchange risks associated with certain existing assets and liabilities, certain firmly committed transactions, forecasted future cash flows and net investments in foreign subsidiaries. However, we may choose not to hedge certain foreign exchange exposures for a variety of reasons, including but not limited to the prohibitive economic cost of hedging particular exposures. As such, fluctuations in currency exchange rates could harm our business in the future. 
 54 

Table of Contents 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Index to Consolidated Financial Statements Page Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 56 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 57 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 58 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 59 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 60 Report of Grant Thornton LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 100 
 55 

Table of Contents 
 AXON ENTERPRISE, INC. CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (in thousands, except share data) 

December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Marketable securities Short-term investments Accounts and notes receivable, net of allowance of and as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively Contract assets, net Inventory Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Deferred tax assets, net Intangible assets, net Goodwill Long-term investments Long-term notes receivable, net Long-term contract assets, net Strategic investments Other long-term assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued liabilities Current portion of deferred revenue Customer deposits Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Deferred revenue, net of current portion Liability for unrecognized tax benefits Long-term deferred compensation Deferred tax liability, net Long-term lease liabilities Convertible notes, net - Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 13) Stockholders equity: Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively Common stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively Additional paid-in capital Treasury stock at cost, shares as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 ) ) Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 56 

Table of Contents 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. AXON ENTERPRISE, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) (in thousands, except per share data) 

For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net sales from products Net sales from services Net sales Cost of product sales Cost of service sales Cost of sales Gross margin Sales, general and administrative Research and development Total operating expenses Income (loss) from operations ) ) Interest and other income, net Income (loss) before provision (benefit) for income taxes ) ) Provision (benefit) for income taxes ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) Net income (loss) per share: Basic ) ) Diluted ) ) Weighted average shares outstanding: Basic Diluted Net income (loss) ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Unrealized losses on available-for-sale investments ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 57 

Table of Contents 
 AXON ENTERPRISE, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (in thousands, except share data) Accumulated Additional Other Total Common Stock Paid-in Treasury Stock Retained Comprehensive Stockholders Shares Amount Capital Shares Amount Earnings Income (Loss) Equity Balance, December 31, 2019 ) ) Cumulative effect of applying a change in accounting principle ) ) Issuance of common stock Issuance of common stock under employee plans, net of shares withheld for payroll taxes ) ) Stock-based compensation Issuance of common stock for business combination contingent consideration and related tax effects Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive income, net Balance, December 31, 2020 ) Issuance of common stock Issuance of common stock under employee plans, net of shares withheld for payroll taxes ) ) Stock options exercised Stock-based compensation Issuance of common stock for business combination contingent consideration Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive loss, net ) ) Balance, December 31, 2021 ) ) Issuance of common stock ) ) Issuance of common stock under employee plans, net of shares withheld for payroll taxes ) ) Stock-based compensation Issuance of common stock for business combination contingent consideration Tax benefit related to convertible note hedge Purchase of convertible note hedge ) ) Issuance of warrants Net income Other comprehensive loss, net ) ) Balance, December 31, 2022 ) ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 58 

Table of Contents 
 AXON ENTERPRISE, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (in thousands) 

For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income (loss) ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Amortization of issuance cost Coupon interest expense Purchase accounting adjustments to goodwill Loss on disposal and abandonment of intangible assets Loss on disposal and impairment of property, equipment, and other assets, net Realized and unrealized gains on strategic investments and marketable securities, net ) ) Stock-based compensation Deferred income taxes ) ) Unrecognized tax benefits ) Bond amortization ) Noncash lease expense Provision for expected credit losses ) Change in assets and liabilities: Accounts and notes receivable and contract assets ) ) ) Inventory ) ) ) Prepaid expenses and other assets ) ) ) Accounts payable, accrued and other liabilities Deferred revenue Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Purchases of investments ) ) ) Proceeds from call / maturity of investments Exercise of warrants of strategic investments ) Proceeds from sale of strategic investments Purchases of property and equipment ) ) ) Proceeds from disposal of property and equipment Purchases of intangible assets ) ) ) Strategic investments ) ) ) Business acquisition, net of cash acquired ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Net proceeds from equity offering ) Proceeds from options exercised Income and payroll tax payments for net-settled stock awards ) ) ) Net proceeds from issuance of convertible senior notes Proceeds from issuance of warrants Purchase of convertible note hedge ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of period The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 59 

Table of Contents AXON ENTERPRISE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 60 

Table of Contents AXON ENTERPRISE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 credit losses recorded on our investment portfolio during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, primarily relate to funds held in an international bank account for a country in which we are required to maintain a minimum balance to operate. As of December 31, 2022, a pproximately million was included in prepaid expenses and other assets on our condensed consolidated balance sheet, with the remainder in other long-term assets. 
 61 

Table of Contents AXON ENTERPRISE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 million of impairment charges. Of this total, million related to the cease-use of a portion of our Seattle office. An additional million related to the decision to slow pacing on construction of our new Scottsdale, Arizona campus. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we recorded an immaterial amount of impairment charges. During the year ended December 31, 2020, we abandoned certain planning and site development activities related to our planned new headquarters, resulting in an impairment charge of million, as well as recognized impairment charges totaling million related to improvements and remodeling of certain of our offices. During the year ended December 31, 2022, these charges were included in sales, general and administrative expense, except for million related to the Seattle office lease cease-use, which was recorded in research and development R D ), in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. primary sources: (1) the sale of physical products, including conducted energy devices CEDs ), Axon cameras, Axon Signal enabled devices, corresponding hardware extended warranties, and related accessories such as Axon docks, cartridges and batteries, among others, and (2) subscriptions to our Axon Evidence digital evidence management software-as-a-service SaaS (including data storage fees and other ancillary services), which includes varying levels of support. To a lesser extent, we also recognize revenue from training, professional services and other software and SaaS services. We apply the five-step model outlined in Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts from Customers Topic 606 ). For additional discussion of the adoption of Topic 606, see Note 2. A performance obligation is a promise in a contract to transfer a distinct good or service to the customer, and is the unit of account in Topic 606. For contracts with multiple performance obligations, we allocate the contract transaction price to each performance obligation using our estimate of the standalone selling price SSP of each distinct good or service in the contract. Revenues are recognized upon transfer of control of promised products or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect to receive in exchange for those products or services. We enter into contracts that can 
 62 

Table of Contents AXON ENTERPRISE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. This reserve represents management s best estimate and application of judgment considering a number of factors, including those listed above. In the event that actual uncollectible amounts differ from our estimates, additional expense could be necessary. 
 63 

Table of Contents AXON ENTERPRISE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 million, million and million in the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Advertising costs are included in sales, general and administrative expenses in the accompanying statements of operations. after purchase and, thereafter, will replace any defective unit for a fee. Estimated costs for the standard warranty are charged to cost of products sold when revenue is recorded for the related product. Future warranty costs are estimated on a quarterly basis based on historical data related to warranty claims and this rate is applied to current product sales. Historically, reserve amounts have been increased if management becomes aware of a component failure or other issue that could result in larger than anticipated warranty claims from customers. The warranty reserve is reviewed quarterly to verify that it sufficiently reflects the remaining warranty obligations based on the anticipated expenditures over the balance of the warranty obligation period, and adjustments are made when actual warranty claim experience differs from estimates. The warranty reserve is included in accrued liabilities on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Utilization of reserve ) ) ) Warranty expense ) Balance, end of period million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 64 

Table of Contents AXON ENTERPRISE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 depository institutions. As of December 31, 2022, the aggregate balances in such accounts were million. Our balances with these institutions regularly exceed Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation insured limits for domestic deposits and various deposit insurance programs covering our deposits in Australia, Canada, Finland, France, Germany, Hong Kong, India, Italy, the Netherlands, Spain, the United Kingdom, and Vietnam. To manage the related credit exposure, management continually monitors the creditworthiness of the financial institutions where we have deposits. customer represented more than 10 of total net sales for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 or 2020. At December 31, 2022, and 2021, customer represented more than 10 of the aggregate balance of accounts and notes receivable and contract assets. We currently purchase both off the shelf and custom components, including, but not limited to, finished circuit boards, injection-molded plastic components, small machined parts, custom cartridge components, electronic components, and off the shelf sub-assemblies from suppliers located in the U.S., Canada, China, Malaysia, Mexico, Republic of Korea, Taiwan, and Vietnam. We may source from other countries as well. Although we currently obtain many of these components from single source suppliers, we own the injection molded component tooling, most of the designs, and test fixtures used in their production for all custom components. As a result, we believe we could obtain alternative suppliers in most cases. Although we have experienced supply chain disruptions relating to materials and port constraints, we have remained focused on closely managing our supply chain. We continue to bolster our strategic relationships in our supply chain, identifying secondary/alternate sourcing, adjusting build plans accordingly, and building in logistic modes in support of our increasing demand while working to minimize disruption to customers. We acquire most of our components on a purchase order basis and do not currently have significant long-term purchase contracts with most component suppliers. 
 65 

Table of Contents AXON ENTERPRISE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 million and million, respectively, related to corporate-owned life insurance policies which are used to fund our deferred compensation plan. We determine the fair value of our insurance contracts by obtaining the cash surrender value of the contracts from the issuer, a Level 2 valuation technique. We have investments in marketable securities, for which changes in fair value are recorded in the consolidated statement of operations as unrealized gain or (loss) on marketable securities, which is included in interest and other income, net. We have strategic investments in various unconsolidated affiliates as of December 31, 2022. The estimated fair value of the investments was determined based on Level 3 inputs. In determining the estimated fair value of our strategic investments in privately held companies, we utilize observable data available to us as discussed further in Note 8. We have convertible senior notes, for which the fair value is determined based on the closing trading price per of the Notes as of the last day of trading for the period. We consider the fair value of the Notes at December 31, 2022 to be a Level 2 measurement as they are not publicly traded. The fair value of the Notes is primarily affected by the trading price of our common stock and market interest rates. Our financial instruments also include accounts and notes receivable, accounts payable and accrued liabilities. Due to the short-term nature of these instruments, their fair values approximate their carrying values on the consolidated balance sheet. reportable segments: the development, manufacture and sale of fully integrated hardware and cloud-based software solutions that enable law enforcement to capture, securely store, manage, share and analyze video and other digital evidence (collectively, the Software and Sensors segment); and the manufacture and sale of conducted electrical devices CEDs ), batteries, accessories, extended warranties and other products and services (collectively, the TASER segment). In both segments, we report sales of products and services. Service revenue in both segments includes sales related to Axon Evidence. In the Software and Sensors segment, service revenue also includes 
 66 

Table of Contents AXON ENTERPRISE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 individual country outside the U.S. represented more than 10 of net sales. Substantially all of our assets are located in the U.S. , that vest in equal tranches. Each of the tranches will vest upon certification by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors that both (i) the market capitalization goal for such tranche, which begins at billion for the first tranche and increases by increments of billion thereafter, and (ii) any one of operational goals focused on revenue or operational goals focused on Adjusted EBITDA (CEO Performance Award) have been met for the previous four consecutive fiscal quarters. A total of less than million XSUs were granted during the year ended December 31, 2022. Stock-based compensation expense associated with XSU awards is recognized over the longest explicit, implicit or derived service period for each pair of market capitalization and operational goals, beginning at the point in time when the relevant operational goal is considered probable of being met. The market capitalization goal period and the valuation of each tranche are determined using a Monte Carlo simulation, which is also used as the basis for determining the expected achievement period of the market capitalization goal. The probability of meeting an operational goal and the expected achievement point in time for meeting a probable operational goal are based on a subjective assessment of our forward-looking financial projections, taking into consideration statistical analysis. Even though no tranches of the XSU awards vest unless a market capitalization and a matching operational goal are both achieved, stock-based compensation expense is recognized when an operational goal is considered probable of achievement regardless of whether a market capitalization goal is actually achieved. 
 67 

Table of Contents AXON ENTERPRISE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 and to the valuation of XSUs because the awards specify a post-vest holding period of years for the acquired shares that vest. Certain of the XSU awards specify a post-vest holding period of the longer of years or until the next tranche vests. The illiquidity discounts were estimated using the Finnerty model and reduced by the impact of expected payroll and income taxes due upon vesting of the awards, as the related proportion of shares are expected to be sold to satisfy such obligations. We measured the grant date fair value of the XSU awards with the following assumptions: risk-free interest rate of between and , expected term of between and 8.0 years, expected volatility of between and , and dividend yield of . Stock Options On May 24, 2018 (the CEO Grant Date ), our stockholders approved the Board of Directors grant of stock option awards to Patrick W. Smith, our CEO (the CEO Performance Award ). The CEO Performance Award consists of vesting tranches with a vesting schedule based entirely on the attainment of both operational goals (performance conditions) and market capitalization goals (market conditions), assuming continued employment either as the CEO or as both Executive Chairman and Chief Product Officer and service through each vesting date. Stock-based compensation expense associated with the CEO Performance Award is recognized over the requisite service period, which is defined as the longer of the expected achievement period for each pair of market capitalization and operational goals, beginning at the point in time when the relevant operational goal is considered probable of being met. options were awarded during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, or 2020. ) ) Denominator: Weighted average shares outstanding-basic Dilutive effect of stock-based awards Diluted weighted average shares outstanding Net income (loss) per common share: Basic ) ) Diluted ) ) 
 68 

Table of Contents AXON ENTERPRISE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 2027 Notes 2027 Warrants Total potentially dilutive securities For additional information regarding our convertible senior notes, refer to Note 12. outstanding debt upon adoption. In November 2021, FASB issued ASU No. 2021-10, Government Assistance (Topic 832). The guidance improves the transparency of government assistance accounting as it requires business entities to disclose transactions that involve government assistance received if the transactions were accounted for by applying a grant or contribution accounting model by analogy. The ASU is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2021. We adopted ASU 2021-10 on January 1, 2022 and will apply the disclosure requirement prospectively to all transactions within the scope of the amendments that are reflected in the financial statements at the date of the initial application along with new transactions that are entered into after the date of initial application. Adoption of this ASU did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. million increase to net sales and a million increase to provision for income taxes. This increase to net sales relates primarily to Axon Cloud SaaS, software and professional services performance obligations which were fulfilled in prior periods, including million which related to prior years. Based on our quantitative and qualitative analysis, we do not consider the out of period impact to be material to our financial position or results of operations for any prior periods or for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 69 

Table of Contents AXON ENTERPRISE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 TASER X26P TASER X2 TASER Consumer devices Cartridges Axon Body Axon Flex Axon Fleet Axon Dock Axon Evidence and cloud services Extended warranties Other Total Year Ended December 31, 2020 Software and TASER Sensors Total TASER 7 TASER X26P TASER X2 TASER Consumer devices Cartridges Axon Body Axon Flex Axon Fleet Axon Dock Axon Evidence and cloud services Extended warranties Other Total The following table presents our revenues disaggregated by geography (in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 United States Other Countries Total 
 70 

Table of Contents AXON ENTERPRISE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 Contract Balances The timing of revenue recognition may differ from the timing of invoicing to customers. We generally have an unconditional right to consideration when we invoice our customers and record a receivable. We record a contract asset when revenue is recognized prior to invoicing, or a contract liability (deferred revenue) when revenue will be recognized subsequent to invoicing. Contract assets generally result from our subscription programs where we satisfy a hardware performance obligation upon shipment to the customer, and the right to the portion of the transaction price allocated to that hardware performance obligation is conditional on our future performance of a SaaS service obligation under the contract. We recognize a portion of the amount allocated to hardware products shipped to the customer as accounts receivable when invoiced to the customer, and record the remaining allocated value as a contract asset as we have generally fulfilled our hardware performance obligation upon shipment. Unbilled accounts receivable expected to be invoiced and collected within twelve months was million as of December 31, 2022, and was included in accounts and notes receivable, net on our consolidated balance sheet. Contract liabilities generally consist of deferred revenue on our subscription programs where we generally invoice customers at the beginning of each annual contract period and record a receivable at the time of invoicing when there is an unconditional right to consideration. Deferred revenue is comprised mainly of unearned revenue related to our Axon Evidence SaaS platform, secure cloud-based storage, service-type extended warranties, stand-ready obligations in our cartridge programs, and rights to future CED, camera and related accessories hardware in our subscription programs. Revenue for Axon Evidence and cloud-based storage, our service-type extended warranties and stand-ready cartridge programs is generally recognized on a straight-line basis over the subscription term. Revenue for the rights to future hardware is generally recognized at the point in time the hardware products are shipped to the customer. Payment terms and conditions vary by contract type and geography, but our standard terms are that payments are due within from the date of invoice. Contract liabilities (deferred revenue) Revenue recognized in the period from: Amounts included in contract liabilities at the beginning of the period During the year ended December 31, 2022, our contract assets balance increased by million or due to increased sales under subscription plans. Contract liabilities increased million or for the year ended December 31, 2022 due to increased subscription invoicing for Software and Sensors hardware and services in advance of fulfilling performance obligations to customers. 
 71 

Table of Contents AXON ENTERPRISE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 Software and Sensors Hardware: TASER Software and Sensors Services: TASER Software and Sensors Total 

December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Current Long-Term Total Current Long-Term Total TASER Software and Sensors Total Remaining Performance Obligations As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately billion of remaining performance obligations, which included both recognized contract liabilities as well as amounts that will be invoiced and recognized in future periods. The remaining performance obligations are limited only to arrangements that meet the definition of a contract under Topic 606 as of December 31, 2022. We expect to recognize between approximately - of this balance over the next , and expect the remainder to be recognized over the following , subject to risks related to delayed deployments, budget appropriation or other contract cancellation clauses. Costs to Obtain a Contract We recognize an asset for the incremental costs of obtaining a contract with a customer, which consist primarily of sales commissions. These costs are ascribed to or allocated to the underlying performance obligations in the contract and amortized consistent with the recognition timing of the revenue for the underlying performance obligations. For contract costs related to performance obligations with an amortization period of one year or less, we apply the practical expedient to expense these sales commissions when incurred. These costs are recognized as incurred within sales, general and administrative expenses on the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. 
 72 

Table of Contents AXON ENTERPRISE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 Deferred commissions, net of current portion (2) 

 (1) Current deferred commissions are included within prepaid expenses and other current assets on the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. (2) Deferred commissions, net of current portion, are included in other assets on the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we recognized million, million, and million, respectively, of amortization related to deferred commissions. These costs are recorded within sales, general and administrative expenses on the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss). Significant Judgments Our contracts with certain municipal government customers may be subject to budget appropriation, other contract cancellation clauses or future periods which are optional. In contracts where the customer s performance is subject to budget appropriation clauses, we generally consider the likelihood of non-appropriation to be remote when determining the contract term and transaction price. Contracts with other cancellation provisions or optional periods may require judgment in determining the contract term, including the existence of material rights, determining transaction price and identifying the performance obligations. At times, customers may request changes that either amend, replace or cancel existing contracts. Judgment is required to determine whether the specific facts and circumstances within the contracts require the changes to be accounted for as a separate contract or as a modification. Generally, contract modifications containing additional goods and services that are determined to be distinct and sold at their SSP are accounted for as a separate contract. For contract modifications where both criteria are not met, the original contract is updated and the required adjustments to revenue and contract assets, liabilities, and other accounts are made accordingly. Our contracts with customers often include promises to transfer multiple products and services to a customer. Determining whether products and services are considered distinct performance obligations that should be accounted for separately rather than together may require significant judgment. We consider CED devices and related accessories, as well as cameras and related accessories, to be separately identifiable from each other as well as from extended warranties on these products and the SaaS subscriptions to Axon Evidence and other cloud services. In contracts where there are timing differences between when we transfer a promised good or service to the customer and when the customer pays for that good or service, we have determined that, with the exception of our TASER 60 installment purchase arrangements, our contracts generally do not include a significant financing component. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, we recorded interest income of million, million, and million, respectively. Judgment is required to determine the SSP for each distinct performance obligation. We analyze separate sales of our products and services as a basis for estimating the SSP of our products and services and then use that SSP as the basis for allocating the transaction price when our products and services are sold together in a contract with multiple performance obligations. In instances where the SSP is not directly observable, such as when we do not sell the product or service separately, we determine the SSP using information that may include market conditions, time value of money and other observable inputs. We typically have more than one SSP for individual products and services due to the stratification of 
 73 

Table of Contents AXON ENTERPRISE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 Level 1: Money market funds Agency bonds ) Treasury bills ) Marketable securities ) Subtotal ) Level 2: State and municipal obligations ) Certificate of deposits Term deposits Corporate bonds ) U.S. Government ) Treasury inflation-protected securities ) Commercial paper Subtotal ) Total ) As of December 31, 2022, we had million of available-for-sale investments with unrealized losses. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we acquired shares of common stock of Cellebrite DI Ltd CLBT with a fair value of million. The CLBT common stock is recorded as marketable securities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets and its fair value is adjusted every reporting period. Changes in fair value are recorded in the consolidated statement of operations as unrealized gain or (loss) on marketable securities, which is included in interest and other income, net. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded a million unrealized loss on marketable securities from our investment in CLBT. 
 74 

Table of Contents AXON ENTERPRISE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 Level 1: Money market funds Agency bonds Marketable securities ) Subtotal ) Level 2: State and municipal obligations ) Corporate bonds ) Subtotal ) Total ) During the year ended December 31, 2021, we sold held-to-maturity securities with a net carrying amount of million prior to their maturity. 
 75 

Table of Contents AXON ENTERPRISE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 Provision for (recovery of) expected credit losses ) ) Amounts written off charged against the allowance ) ) ) ) Other, including foreign currency translation ) ) ) Balance, end of period As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the allowance for expected credit losses for each type of customer receivable was as follows (in thousands): Contract assets, net Long-term notes receivable, net of current portion Total allowance for expected credit losses on customer receivables 2. Finished goods Total inventory 
 76 

Table of Contents AXON ENTERPRISE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 Building and leasehold improvements - 39 years Production equipment - 5 years Computers, equipment and software - years Furniture and office equipment - 5 years Vehicles Capitalized internal software development costs 3 - 5 years Construction-in-process N/A Total cost Less: Accumulated depreciation ) ) Property and equipment, net Construction-in-process included million and million related to the development of our new campus at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Depreciation and amortization expense related to property and equipment was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, of which million, million and million was included in cost of sales for the respective years. Goodwill acquired Purchase accounting adjustments ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) ) Balance, end of period 
 77 

Table of Contents AXON ENTERPRISE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 ) ) Issued patents ) ) Issued trademarks ) ) Customer relationships ) ) Non-compete agreements ) ) Developed technology ) ) Total amortizable ) ) Non-amortizable (indefinite-lived) intangible assets: TASER trademark My90 trademark Patents and trademarks pending Total non-amortizable Total intangible assets ) ) Amortization expense of intangible assets was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 78 

Table of Contents AXON ENTERPRISE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 Investments Observable price changes: Realized gains Unrealized gains Unrealized losses ) ) Exercises ) Sales ) ) Balance, end of period 

Inception to date Strategic investments Warrants Call options Total Investments Observable price changes: Realized gains Unrealized gains Unrealized losses ) ) ) Exercises ) Sales ) ) Balance, end of period As part of our strategy, we continuously evaluate opportunities for strategic investments that align with our mission. During the year ended December 31, 2022 our investment areas included real-time crime center software, drones and related software, biometric sensors, and weapon detection solutions. In the year ended December 31, 2022, we exercised warrants in one of our strategic investees for a total exercise price of million, resulting in an unrealized gain of million that was recognized in earnings for the year ended December 31, 2022. The estimated fair value of the investments were calculated using valuation techniques that included both observable and unobservable inputs. This estimated fair value reflects a value that was lower than the issue per share of the new equity issued by the strategic investees because of different characteristics of the newly issued equity instruments compared to our existing investments. The valuation techniques included both Level 2 and Level 3 inputs as defined by ASC Topic 820. 
 79 

Table of Contents AXON ENTERPRISE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 Carrying value of variable interest - liabilities Maximum exposure to loss: Non-public equity (1) Total (1) The maximum exposure to loss is limited to the carrying value of the interest. In the table above: The nature of our variable interest is described in the row under maximum exposure to loss. Our exposure to the obligations of the VIE is limited to our interest in the entity. The primary purpose of our U.S-based, nonconsolidated VIE investments is to create strategic partnerships within market-leading providers of law enforcement technology solutions. We present all variable interests in unconsolidated VIEs as strategic investments within the long-term assets section of the condensed consolidated balance sheet. We have provided financial support to the nonconsolidated VIEs in exchange for preferred equity as well as other financial instruments that give us the ability to commit additional capital overtime. Financial support provided to the nonconsolidated VIEs is used to continue to finance their operations. We have no explicit or implicit arrangements to provide additional financial support to the VIEs and we have no liabilities to the VIEs as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. Deferred commissions (1) Restricted cash Operating lease assets Deferred implementation costs (2) Prepaid expenses, deposits and other Total other long-term assets (1) Represents the incremental costs of obtaining contracts with customers, which consist primarily of sales commissions. These costs are ascribed to or allocated to the underlying performance obligations in the contracts and amortized 
 80 

Table of Contents AXON ENTERPRISE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 million of deferred implementation costs assets related to these applications into service. 
 Accrued professional, consulting and lobbying fees Accrued warranty expense Accrued income and other taxes Accrued inventory in transit Other accrued expenses Accrued liabilities million aggregate principal amount of our Convertible Senior Notes due 2027 in a private offering, which aggregate principal amount included the exercise in full of the initial purchasers option to purchase up to an additional million principal amount of the Notes. The Notes mature on December 15, 2027 and bear interest at a fixed rate of per annum, payable semiannually in arrears on June 15 and December 15 of each year, beginning on June 15, 2023. The total net proceeds from the issuance of the Notes, after deducting initial purchasers discounts and commissions and estimated debt issuance costs of million, were approximately million. The Notes are our senior unsecured obligations and rank senior in right of payment to any indebtedness that is expressly subordinated in right of payment to the Notes; equal in right of payment to any unsecured indebtedness that is not so subordinated; effectively junior in right of payment to any secured indebtedness to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness; and structurally junior to all indebtedness and other liabilities (including trade payables) of our subsidiaries. Upon conversion, the Notes will be settled in cash up to the aggregate principal amount of the Notes to be converted, and in cash, shares of our common stock or a combination thereof, at our option, in respect of the remainder, if any, of the conversion obligation in excess of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes being converted. Par Value of Shares 2027 Notes December 15, 2027 shares 
 81 

Table of Contents AXON ENTERPRISE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 The Notes are convertible, in multiples of principal amount, at the option of the holders prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding September 15, 2027 only under the following circumstances: during any calendar quarter commencing after the calendar quarter ending on March 31, 2023 (and only during such calendar quarter), if the last reported sale price of our common stock for at least trading days (whether or not consecutive) during a period of consecutive trading days ending on, and including, the last trading day of the immediately preceding calendar quarter is greater than or equal to of the conversion price on each applicable trading day; during the business day period after any consecutive trading day period the 2027 Measurement Period in which the trading price (as defined in the 2027 indenture governing the Notes) per principal amount of the Notes for each trading day of the 2027 Measurement Period was less than of the product of the last reported sale price of our common stock and the conversion rate in effect on each such trading day; if we call any or all of the Notes for redemption, but only with respect to the Notes called (or deemed called) for redemption , at any time prior to the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately preceding the redemption date; upon the occurrence of specified corporate events as set forth within the indenture governing the Notes. 
 On or after September 15, 2027 until the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately preceding the maturity date, holders may convert all or any portion of their notes, in integral multiples of principal amount, at their option, regardless of the foregoing conditions. If we undergo a fundamental change (as defined in the indenture governing the Notes), subject to certain conditions, holders may require us to repurchase for cash all or any portion of their Notes, in principal amounts of or a multiple thereof, at a fundamental change repurchase price equal to of the principal amount of the Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the fundamental change repurchase date. In addition, following certain corporate events or if we issue a notice of redemption, it will, under certain circumstances, increase the conversion rate for holders who elect to convert their notes in connection with such corporate event or during the relevant redemption period. We may not redeem the Notes prior to December 22, 2025. We may redeem for cash all or any portion of the Notes, at our option, on or after December 22, 2025 and prior to December 15, 2027, if the last reported sale price of our common stock has been at least of the conversion price then in effect for at least trading days (whether or not consecutive) during any consecutive trading day period (including the last trading day of such period) ending on, and including, the trading day immediately preceding the date on which we provide notice of redemption at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the redemption date. sinking fund is provided for the Notes. In accounting for the Notes after adoption of ASU 2020-06, the Notes are accounted for as a single liability, and the carrying amount of the Notes is million as of December 31, 2022, with principal of million, net of unamortized debt issuance costs of million. The Notes were classified as long-term liabilities as of December 31, 2022. The issuance costs related to the Notes are being amortized to interest expense over the contractual term of the Notes at an effective interest rate of . 
 82 

Table of Contents AXON ENTERPRISE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 Unamortized debt issuance costs ) Convertible notes carrying amount, net The total fair value of the Notes was million as of December 31, 2022. The fair value was determined based on the closing trading price per of the Notes as of the last day of trading for the period. We consider the fair value of the Notes at December 31, 2022 to be a Level 2 measurement as they are not publicly traded. The fair value of the Notes is primarily affected by the trading price of our common stock and market interest rates. There have been changes to the initial conversion price of the Notes since issuance. Amortization of debt issuance costs Total interest expense Note Hedge To reduce the impact of potential economic dilution upon conversion of the Notes, we entered into a convertible note hedge transaction (the Note Hedge or 2027 Note Hedge with certain investment banks, with respect to our common stock, concurrently with the issuance of the 2027 Notes. The Note Hedge covers shares of our common stock at a strike price per share that corresponds to the initial conversion price of the respective Notes, subject to adjustment, and are exercisable upon conversion of the Notes. If exercised, we may elect to receive cash, shares of our common stock, or a combination of cash and shares. We have accounted for the aggregate amount of purchase price for the Note Hedge as a reduction to additional paid-in capital. The Note Hedge will expire upon the maturity of the Notes. The Note Hedge is intended to reduce the potential economic dilution upon conversion of the Notes in the event that the fair value per share of our common stock at the time of exercise is greater than the conversion price of the Notes. The Note Hedge is a separate transaction and is not part of the terms of the Notes. Holders of the Notes do not have any rights with respect to the Note Hedge. The Note Hedge does not impact earnings per share, as it was entered into to offset any dilution from the Notes. As of December 31, 2022, shares remain subject to the Note Hedge. 
 83 

Table of Contents AXON ENTERPRISE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 March 15, 2028 Separately, we entered into warrant transactions with certain investment banks, whereby we sold warrants to acquire, subject to adjustment, the number of shares of our common stock shown in the table above. If the average market value per share of our common stock, on each expiration date exceeds the strike price of the Warrants expiring on that day, such Warrants would have a dilutive effect on our earnings per share to the extent we report net income. According to the terms of the Warrants, the Warrants will be automatically exercised over a -trading day period beginning on the first expiration date as set forth above. term beginning July 1, 2022. The purchase agreement includes a total commitment of million. Storage fees under this agreement were million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The remaining purchase commitment at December 31, 2022 was million. Purchase Commitments We routinely enter into cancelable and non-cancelable purchase orders with many of our key vendors. Based on the strategic relationships with many of these vendors, our ability to cancel these purchase orders and maintain a favorable relationship would be limited. As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately million of open purchase orders and million of other purchase obligations, inclusive of the data storage commitment noted above. Product Litigation As a manufacturer of weapons and other law enforcement tools used in high-risk field environments, we are often the subject of products liability litigation concerning the use of our products. We are currently named as a defendant in lawsuits in which the plaintiffs allege either wrongful death or personal injury in situations in which a TASER CED was used by law enforcement officers in connection with arrests or training. While the facts vary from case to case, these product liability claims typically allege defective product design, manufacturing, and/or failure to warn. They seek compensatory and sometimes punitive damages, often in unspecified amounts. We continue to aggressively defend all product litigation. As a general rule, it is our policy not to settle suspect injury or death cases. Exceptions are sometimes made where the settlement is strategically beneficial to us. Due to the confidential nature of our litigation strategy and the confidentiality agreements that are executed in the event of a settlement, we do not identify or comment on specific settlements by case or amount. Based on current information, we do not believe that the outcome of any such legal proceeding will have a material effect on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. We are self-insured for the first million of any product claim made after 2014. No judgment or settlement has ever exceeded this amount in any products case. We continue to maintain product liability insurance coverage, including an insurance policy fronting arrangement, above our self-insured retention with various limits depending on the policy period. U.S. Federal Trade Commission Litigation The U.S. Federal Trade Commission FTC filed an administrative enforcement action in January 2020 regarding our May 2018 acquisition of an insolvent body worn camera competitor, Vievu LLC. The FTC alleges the 
 84 

Table of Contents AXON ENTERPRISE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 million that are expected to expire throughout 2023 and 2024. Additionally, we had million of outstanding surety bonds at December 31, 2022, with million expiring in 2023 and the remaining million expiring in 2024. 
 85 

Table of Contents AXON ENTERPRISE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 ) ) Foreign Total ) ) ) State Foreign ) Total current ) Deferred: Federal ) ) State ) ) ) Foreign ) ) Total deferred ) ) Tax impact of unrecorded tax benefits liability ) Provision for income taxes (Income tax benefit) ) ) ) ) State income taxes, net of federal benefit ) Difference between statutory and foreign tax rates ) ) ) Other permanent differences (1) Foreign derived intangible income deduction ) ) Executive compensation limitation R D credits ) ) ) Return to provision adjustment ) ) Change in liability for unrecognized tax benefits Excess stock-based compensation benefit ) ) ) Change in valuation allowance Tax effects of intercompany transactions ) ) Other ) Provision for income taxes (Income tax benefit) ) ) Effective tax rate 

 (1) Other permanent differences include certain expenses that are not deductible for tax purposes including meals and entertainment, lobbying fees, and taxable income as a result of global intangible low-tax income GILTI ). 
 
 86 

Table of Contents AXON ENTERPRISE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 Deferred revenue Deferred compensation Lease liability Inventory reserve Stock based compensation Amortization R D tax credit carryforward Reserves, accruals, and other R D capitalization, net Convertible debt, net Total deferred income tax assets Deferred income tax liabilities: Customer contract asset ) ) Right of use asset ) ) Depreciation ) ) Strategic investments ) ) Prepaid expenses ) ) Other ) Total deferred income tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred income tax assets before valuation allowance Valuation allowance ) ) Net deferred income tax assets We have million of state net operating losses NOLs which will expire at various dates between 2026 and 2041 or carry forward indefinitely. We have million of federal R D credits, which expire between 2034 and 2041, and million of which is subject to limitation under IRC Section 382. We have million of state R D credits carrying forward, which expire at various dates between 2023 and 2037, or carry forward indefinitely. In the U.K., we have million of NOLs which may be carried forward indefinitely. In preparing our condensed consolidated financial statements, management assesses the likelihood that its deferred tax assets will be realized from future taxable income. In evaluating our ability to recover our deferred income tax assets, management considers all available positive and negative evidence, including our operating results, ongoing tax planning and forecasts of future taxable income on a jurisdiction by jurisdiction basis. A valuation allowance is established if it is determined that it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the net deferred tax assets will not be realized. Management exercises significant judgment in determining our provision for income taxes, our deferred tax assets and liabilities, and our future taxable income for purposes of assessing our ability to utilize any future tax benefit from our deferred tax assets. As of December 31, 2022, management continues to believe the positive evidence from projected future earnings outweighs the negative evidence and a valuation allowance is only needed on specific deferred tax assets. We have concluded that a valuation allowance is necessary against unrealized investment losses as well as transaction costs incurred in connection with certain investments. Additionally, we do have Arizona R D tax credits expiring unutilized each year; therefore, management has concluded that it is more likely than not that our Arizona R D deferred tax asset will not be realized, and a valuation allowance has been recorded against this net asset. 
 87 

Table of Contents AXON ENTERPRISE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 million as of December 31, 2022. Should the unrecognized benefit of million be recognized, our effective tax rate would be favorably impacted. Increase (decrease) in previous year tax positions ) Increase in current year tax positions Decrease due to lapse of statutes of limitations ) ) ) Balance, end of period Federal income tax returns for 2019 through 2021 remain open to examination by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (the IRS ), while state and local income tax returns for 2018 through 2021 also generally remain open to examination by state taxing authorities. The 2008 through 2017 state and local income tax returns are only open to the extent that net operating loss or other tax attributes carrying forward from those years were utilized in 2018 through 2021. The foreign tax returns for 2018 through 2021 also generally remain open to examination, although some foreign statutes can audit returns up to . We recognize interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits within the provision (benefit) for income tax expense line in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss). As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, we had accrued interest of million and million, respectively. million, million of which is available for the issuance of letters of credit. The credit agreement will mature on the earlier of December 15, 2027 or the date that is prior to the stated maturity date of the convertible senior notes due 2027 unless such Notes have been redeemed, repurchased, converted or defeased in full. Additionally, the credit agreement has an accordion feature which allows for an increase in the total line of credit up to million, subject to each lender s sole discretion. 
 88 

Table of Contents AXON ENTERPRISE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 borrowings under the line. Under the terms of the line of credit, available borrowings are reduced by outstanding letters of credit. As of December 31, 2022, we had letters of credit outstanding of approximately million under the facility and available borrowing of million, excluding amounts available under the accordion feature. Advances under the line of credit bear interest at Term SOFR plus to per year determined in accordance with a pricing grid based on our net debt to earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization EBITDA ratio. We are required to comply with a net leverage ratio, defined as consolidated total indebtedness to EBITDA, of no greater than to 1.00 based upon a trailing four fiscal quarter period. At December 31, 2022, our leverage ratio was to 1.00. Additionally, we must comply with a consolidated interest coverage ratio, defined as EBITDA to consolidated interest expense, of no less than to 1.00 based upon a trailing four fiscal quarter end. We are compliant with the consolidated interest coverage ratio, which is not meaningful for the year ended December 31, 2022. classes of stock designated as common stock and preferred stock, each having a par value of per share. We are authorized to issue million shares of common stock and million shares of preferred stock. Stock-based Compensation Plans We have historically utilized stock-based compensation, consisting of RSUs and stock options, for key employees and non-employee directors as a means of attracting and retaining talented personnel. Service-based grants generally have a vesting period of to and a contractual maturity of . Performance-based grants generally have vesting periods ranging from to and a contractual maturity of . In May 2022, our shareholders approved the Axon Enterprise, Inc. 2022 Stock Incentive Plan (the 2022 Plan authorizing an additional million shares, plus remaining available shares under prior plans, for issuance under the new plan. Combined with the 2019 Plan and other legacy stock incentive plans, there are million shares available for grant as of December 31, 2022. Performance-based stock awards We have issued performance-based stock options and performance-based RSUs, the vesting of which is generally contingent upon the achievement of certain performance criteria related to our operating performance, as well as successful and timely development and market acceptance of future product introductions. In addition, certain of the performance RSUs have additional service requirements subsequent to the achievement of the performance criteria. Compensation expense is recognized over the requisite service period, which is defined as the longest explicit, implicit or derived service period based on management s estimate of the probability of the performance criteria being satisfied, adjusted at each balance sheet date. For both service-based and performance-based RSUs, we account for forfeitures as they occur as a reduction to stock-based compensation expense and additional paid-in-capital For performance-based options with a vesting schedule based entirely on the attainment of both performance and market conditions, stock-based compensation expense is recognized for each pair of performance and market conditions over the longer of the expected achievement period of the performance and market conditions, beginning at the point in time that the relevant performance condition is considered probable of achievement. The fair value of such awards is estimated on the grant date using Monte Carlo simulations. 
 89 

Table of Contents AXON ENTERPRISE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 stock option awards to Patrick W. Smith, our CEO (the CEO Performance Award ). The CEO Performance Award consists of vesting tranches with a vesting schedule based entirely on the attainment of both operational goals (performance conditions) and market capitalization goals (market conditions), assuming continued employment either as the CEO or as both Executive Chairman and Chief Product Officer and service through each attainment date. Each of the vesting tranches of the CEO Performance Award have a contractual term and will vest upon certification by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors that both (i) the market capitalization goal for such tranche, which begins at billion for the first tranche and increases by increments of billion thereafter, and (ii) any one of the following operational goals focused on revenue or operational goals focused on Adjusted EBITDA have been met for the previous four consecutive fiscal quarters. Adjusted EBITDA for purposes of the CEO Performance Award Adjusted EBITDA (CEO Performance Award) is defined as net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders before interest expense, interest and other income (such as dividends) earned on investments in marketable securities, provision (benefit) for income taxes, depreciation and amortization, and stock-based compensation expense. Achieved Goal #1, Achieved Goal #2, Achieved Goal #2, Achieved Goal #3, Achieved Goal #3, Achieved Goal #4, Probable Goal #4, Achieved Goal #5, Not Applicable Goal #5, Achieved Goal #6, Not Applicable Goal #6, Achieved Goal #7, Not Applicable Goal #7, Achieved Goal #8, Not Applicable Goal #8, Achieved 

 (1) In connection with the business acquisition that was completed during the three months ended June 30, 2018, the revenue goals were adjusted for the acquiree s Target Revenue, as defined in the CEO Performance Award agreement. 
 Stock-based compensation expense associated with the CEO Performance Award is recognized over the longer of the expected achievement period for each pair of market capitalization and operational goals, beginning at the point in time when the relevant operational goal is considered probable of being met. The probability of meeting an operational goal and the expected achievement point in time for meeting a probable operational goal are based on a subjective assessment of our forward-looking financial projections, taking into consideration statistical analysis. Even though no tranches of the CEO Performance Award vest unless a market capitalization and a matching operational goal are both achieved, stock-based compensation expense is recognized when an operational goal is considered probable of achievement regardless of whether a market capitalization goal is actually achieved. Stock-based compensation represents a non-cash expense and is recorded in sales, general, and administrative operating expense on our consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. The first ten market capitalization goals have been achieved as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, million stock options have been certified by the Compensation Committee and vested. The eleventh market capitalization goal has not yet been attained, though the related operational goal has been achieved as of December 31, 2022. As twelve operational goals have been achieved or are considered probable of achievement, we recorded stock-based compensation expense of million related to the CEO Performance Award from the grant date through December 31, 2022. The number of stock options that would vest related to the remaining unvested tranches is approximately million shares. As of December 31, 2022, we had million of total unrecognized stock-based 
 90 

Table of Contents AXON ENTERPRISE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 years. eXponential Stock Performance Plan On February 12, 2019, our shareholders approved the 2019 Stock Incentive Plan (the 2019 Plan ), which was adopted by the Board of Directors to reserve a sufficient number of shares to facilitate our eXponential Stock Performance Plan XSPP and grants of eXponential Stock Units XSUs under the plan. Initial awards under the plan were granted in January 2019, with additional employee awards granted since that date. During the year ended December 31, 2022 we granted an additional seventy-four thousand XSUs. The XSUs are grants of Restricted Stock Units RSUs ), each with a term of approximately , that vest in equal tranches. Each of the tranches will vest upon certification by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors that both (i) the market capitalization goal for such tranche, which begins at billion for the first tranche and increases by increments of billion thereafter, and (ii) any one of operational goals focused on revenue or operational goals focused on Adjusted EBITDA (CEO Performance Award) have been met for the previous four consecutive fiscal quarters. Beginning with the quarter ended June 30, 2021, new XSU grants are divided into a reduced number of tranches depending on employee eligibility and current market capitalization attainment. The XSPP contains an anti-dilution provision incorporated into the plan based on shareholder feedback, which affects the calculation of the market capitalization goals in the plan. The plan defines a maximum number of shares outstanding that may be used in the calculation of the market capitalization goals (the XSU Maximum ). If the actual number of shares outstanding exceeds the XSU Maximum guardrail, then the lower pre-defined number of shares in the XSU Maximum, rather than the higher actual number of shares outstanding, is used to calculate market capitalization for the determination of the market capitalization goals in the XSPP, which, together with the operational goals, determines whether XSUs vest for participating employees. The XSU Maximum is defined as the actual number of shares outstanding on the original XSU grant date of January 2, 2019, increased by a annual rate over the term of the XSPP and by shares issued upon the exercise of CEO Performance Award options. The XSU Maximum is also adjusted for acquisitions, spin-offs or other changes in the number of outstanding shares of common stock, if such changes have a corresponding adjustment on the market capitalization goals. New shares issued for any other reasons, including shares issued upon vesting of XSUs, RSUs, and Performance Stock Units PSUs as well as shares issued to raise capital through equity issuances or in other transactions, do not increase the XSU Maximum. The market capitalization and operational goals are identical to the CEO Performance Award, but a different number of shares is used to calculate the market capitalization goals if shares outstanding exceed the XSU Maximum. Additionally, because the grant date is different than that of the CEO Performance Award, the measurement period for market capitalization is not identical. As of December 31, 2022, actual shares outstanding exceeded the XSU Maximum. Accordingly, market capitalization as calculated for the purposes of achieving additional XSPP market capitalization goals uses the lower XSU Maximum share amount rather than actual shares outstanding. The first nine market capitalization goals have been achieved as of December 31, 2022. The tenth and eleventh market capitalization goals have not yet been attained, though the related operational goals have been achieved as of December 31, 2022. The first XSU tranche vested in March 2021, the second and third tranches vested in May 2021, five tranches vested in September 2021, and one tranche vested in December 2021. As all twelve operational goals have been achieved or are considered probable of achievement, we recorded stock-based compensation expense of million related to the XSU awards from their respective grant dates through December 31, 2022. The number of XSU awards that would vest related to the remaining three tranches is approximately million shares. As of December 31, 2022, we had 
 91 

Table of Contents AXON ENTERPRISE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 million of total unrecognized stock-based compensation expense, which will be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. Restricted Stock Units Granted Released ) ) ) Forfeited ) ) ) Units outstanding, end of year Aggregate intrinsic value at year end Aggregate intrinsic value represents our closing stock price on the last trading day of the period, which was per share on December 30, 2022, multiplied by the number of RSUs outstanding. The fair value as of the respective vesting dates of RSUs that vested during the year was million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Certain RSUs that vested in the year ended December 31, 2022 were net-share settled, such that we withheld shares to cover the employees tax obligation for the applicable income and other employment taxes, and remitted the cash to the appropriate taxing authorities. Total shares withheld related to RSUs during 2022 were thousand and had a value of approximately million on their respective vesting dates as determined by the closing stock price on such dates. Payments for the employees tax obligations are reflected as a financing activity within the consolidated statements of cash flows. We record a liability for the tax withholding to be paid by us as a reduction to additional paid-in capital. As of December 31, 2022, we had million of total unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to RSUs under our stock plans for shares that are expected to vest. We expect to recognize the cost related to the RSUs over a weighted average period of years. RSUs are released when vesting requirements are met. 
 92 

Table of Contents AXON ENTERPRISE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 Granted Released ) ) ) Forfeited ) ) ) Units outstanding, end of year Aggregate intrinsic value at year end Aggregate intrinsic value represents our closing stock price on the last trading day of the period, which was per share, multiplied by the number of PSUs outstanding. As of December 31, 2022, there was million in total unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to PSUs under our stock plans for shares that are expected to vest. We expect to recognize the cost related to the PSUs over a weighted average period of years. PSUs are released when vesting requirements are met. As of December 31, 2022, the performance criteria had been met for approximately thousand of the million PSUs outstanding. Certain PSUs that vested in the year ended December 31, 2022 were net-share settled such that we withheld shares to cover the employees tax obligation for the applicable income and other employment taxes, and remitted the cash to the appropriate taxing authorities. Total shares withheld related to PSUs were approximately thousand and had a value of million on their respective vesting dates as determined by the closing stock price on such dates. Payments for the employees tax obligations are reflected as a financing activity within the consolidated statements of cash flows. We record a liability for the tax withholding to be paid by us as a reduction to additional paid-in capital. Payments for the employees tax obligations are reflected as a financing activity within the consolidated statements of cash flows. We record a liability for the tax withholding to be paid by us as a reduction to additional paid-in capital. Stock Option Activity Granted Exercised ) ) Expired / terminated Options outstanding, end of year Options exercisable, end of year 
 93 

Table of Contents AXON ENTERPRISE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 We did not grant any stock options in 2022, 2021 or 2020. options were exercised in the year ending December 31, 2022. The total intrinsic value of options exercised was million and million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The intrinsic value for options exercised was calculated as the difference between the exercise price of the underlying stock option awards and the market price of our common stock on the date of exercise. The aggregate intrinsic value of options exercisable at December 31, 2022 was million, respectively. Aggregate intrinsic value represents the difference between the exercise price of the underlying stock option awards and the closing market price of our common stock of on December 30, 2022. At December 31, 2022, we had million unvested options outstanding with a weighted average exercise price of per share, weighted average grant-date fair value of per share and weighted average remaining contractual life of years. The aggregate intrinsic value of unvested options at December 31, 2022 was million. Stock-based Compensation Expense Sales, general and administrative expenses Research and development expenses Total stock-based compensation expense Income tax benefit Stock Inducement Plan In September 2022, our Board of Directors adopted the Axon Enterprise, Inc. 2022 Stock Inducement Plan (the 2022 Inducement Plan pursuant to which we reserved shares of common stock for issuance under the Inducement Plan. In accordance with Rule 5635(c)(4) and Rule 5635(c)(3) of the Nasdaq Listing Rules, awards under the Inducement Plan may only be made to individuals not previously employed by us (or following such individuals bona fide periods of non-employment by us), as an inducement material to the individuals entry into employment with us. The terms and conditions of the 2022 Inducement Plan are substantially similar to our 2019 Stock Inducement Plan. There are approximately million shares available for grant as of December 31, 2022. At-the-Market equity offering During the year ended December 31, 2021, we sold shares of our common stock under our at-the-market equity offering program (the ATM ). We generated approximately million in aggregate gross proceeds from sales under the ATM. Aggregate net proceeds from the ATM were million after deducting related expenses, including 
 94 

Table of Contents AXON ENTERPRISE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 million and issuance costs of million. During the year ending December 31, 2022, shares were sold under the ATM. We may sell up to a total of million shares of our common stock under the ATM, of which approximately are remaining. The ATM expires on April 20, 2024. We intend to use the net proceeds from the ATM for general corporate purposes, which may include, among other things, providing capital to satisfy a portion of the tax obligations related to the vesting and settlement of stock compensation awards granted to our executive officers and other employees under our stock incentive plans, to support our growth, and to acquire or invest in product lines, products, services, technologies or facilities. Stock Repurchase Plan In February 2016, our Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase program to acquire up to million of our outstanding common stock subject to stock market conditions and corporate considerations. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, million remained available under the plan for future purchases. ) Other comprehensive income Balance, December 31, 2020 Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) Balance, December 31, 2021 ) ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) Balance, December 31, 2022 ) ) ) 
 95 

Table of Contents AXON ENTERPRISE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 , some of which include one or more options to renew for up to , and some of which include options to terminate the leases within . The exercise of lease renewal options is at our sole discretion and such options are included in ROU assets and liabilities for renewal periods that are reasonably certain of exercise. Certain of our lease agreements include stated rental payment escalations. Our lease agreements do not contain any material residual value guarantees or material restrictive covenants. We had finance leases as of December 31, 2022. Liabilities Current Operating Other current liabilities Noncurrent Operating Other long-term liabilities Total lease liabilities Research and development expense Total operating lease expense (2) Sublease income Other income ) Net lease expense 

 (1) An immaterial portion of operating lease expense is included within cost of sales. (2) Includes short-term leases, which are immaterial. 
 Other information related to leases was as follows (in thousands, except lease term and discount rate): 

Twelve Months Ended Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Supplemental Cash Flows Information Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities: Operating cash flows for operating leases Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities: Operating leases Weighted average remaining lease term: Operating leases years years Weighted average discount rate: Operating leases 
 96 

Table of Contents AXON ENTERPRISE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total minimum lease payments Less: Amount representing interest ) Present value of lease payments As of December 31, 2022, we do not have any leases that have not yet commenced that create significant rights and obligations for us. million, million and million, respectively. reportable segments: the TASER segment and the Software and Sensors segment. In both segments, we report sales of products and services. Service revenue in both segments includes sales related to Axon Evidence. In the TASER segment, service revenue also includes digital subscription training content. In the Software and Sensors segment, service revenue also includes other recurring cloud-hosted software revenue and related professional services. Collectively, this revenue is sometimes referred to as Axon Cloud revenue. Our Chief Executive Officer, who is the CODM, is not provided asset information or sales, general, and administrative expense by segment. 
 97 

Table of Contents AXON ENTERPRISE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 Net sales from services Net sales Cost of product sales Cost of service sales Cost of sales Gross margin Research and development 

For the year ended December 31, 2021 Software and TASER Sensors Total Net sales from products Net sales from services Net sales Cost of product sales Cost of service sales Cost of sales Gross margin Research and development 

For the year ended December 31, 2020 Software and TASER Sensors Total Net sales from products Net sales from services Net sales Cost of product sales Cost of service sales Cost of sales Gross margin Research and development 
 98 

Table of Contents AXON ENTERPRISE, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 Restricted cash Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash shown in the statements of cash flows Cash paid for income taxes, net of refunds Non-cash transactions: Property and equipment purchases in accounts payable Non-cash purchase consideration related to business combinations 
 99 

Table of Contents 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM Board of Directors and Stockholders Axon Enterprise, Inc. Opinion on the financial statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Axon Enterprise, Inc. (a Delaware corporation) and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income, stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in the 2013 Inter nal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ), and our report dated February 28, 2023 expressed an adverse opinion. Basis for opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical audit matter The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. Revenue Recognition Bundled Arrangements with Multiple Performance Obligations As described further in Notes 1 and 2 to the financial statements, the Company derives revenue from two primary sources: the sale of physical products (including conducted energy devices (CEDs), cameras, corresponding hardware extended warranties, and related accessories), and subscriptions to the Axon Evidence digital evidence management software-as-a-service. To a lesser extent, the Company also recognizes revenue related to training, professional services and other software services. Many of the Company s products are sold on a standalone basis; however, the Company also bundles its hardware product and service performance obligations and sells them to customers as part of a single transaction. 
 100 

Table of Contents 
 We consider the identification of performance obligations, treatment of contract term assessments, the determination of the standalone selling price and allocation of the transaction price to multiple performance obligations, including the determination as to whether any amendments to an existing contract result in a modification, to be a critical audit matter. The principal consideration for our determination that these revenue recognition matters are a critical audit matter is that significant judgment is exercised by the Company in determining revenue recognition for contracts with multiple performance obligations, and includes the following: Judgment in modification assessment and conclusions resulting from amendments to existing contracts. Identification and treatment of contract terms that may impact the timing and amount of revenue recognized (e.g., substantive termination penalties). Identification of all promises in the contract and whether such promises are limited to distinct explicit goods or services or whether they may be implied. Determination of stand-alone selling prices for each distinct performance obligation and for products and services that are not sold separately, which may include a market assessment of what the customer would be willing to pay for each performance obligation or an estimate of the expected cost plus an appropriate estimated margin of the performance obligation. These judgments require significant auditor subjectivity in evaluating the reasonableness of those judgments. Our audit procedures related to the revenue recognition for contracts with multiple performance obligations included the following, among others: We tested the design and operating effectiveness of controls over the Company s contract review process, including those over the assessment of amendments to existing contracts, treatment of contract term assessments, the identification of distinct performance obligations included in the initial or amended contract, and the establishment and monitoring of standalone selling prices. We evaluated management s judgment in significant accounting polices related to these arrangements for reasonableness. For a sample of contracts, we performed the following procedures: - Obtained and analyzed the contract source documents for each selection, and other documents deemed a component of the arrangement, in order to test the appropriateness of management s identification and determination of contract terms. - Assessed contractual terms and the appropriateness of material right determinations. - Obtained management s contract review assessment and corroborate the judgments applied in accounting for the arrangements. - Assessed the terms in the arrangement and evaluated the appropriateness of management s application of their accounting policies, along with their use of estimates, in the determination of revenue recognition conclusions. - Traced the term of the revenue recognition period to the contract and recalculated the expected revenue recognized during the period. We evaluated the reasonableness of management s estimate of stand-alone selling prices for products and services by comparing the stand-alone prices to historic stand-alone transactions and other data. /s/ We have served as the Company s auditor since 2005. February 28, 2023 
 101 

Table of Contents 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure None. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures Attached as exhibits to this Form 10-K are certifications of the Chief Executive Officer (as the principal executive officer) and Chief Financial Officer (as the principal financial and accounting officer), which are required in accordance with Rule 13a-14 of the Exchange Act. This Controls and Procedures section includes information concerning the controls and controls evaluation referred to in the certifications. This section should be read in conjunction with the certifications and the Grant Thornton LLP attestation report for a more complete understanding of the topics presented. Grant Thornton LLP has independently assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting and its report is included below. Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer are responsible for the evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information we are required to disclose in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is (i) recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and (ii) accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer have concluded that as of December 31, 2022 our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective because of the material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting described below. Management Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Management has assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. As a result of this assessment, management concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting was not effective in providing reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. A material weakness is defined as a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Specifically, during the year ended December 31, 2022, we identified a material weakness in our internal controls stemming from control deficiencies with respect to the risks of understatement of software and services revenue and overstatement of deferred revenue. This material weakness in internal control over financial reporting resulted from a failure to effectively manage the migration of triggering events for certain software and services performance obligations during the quote-to-cash phase of the implementation of our Enterprise Resource Planning ERP and related systems in 2021. Additionally, there were limited instances of invoicing errors resulting from ineffective change management of the quote-to-cash systems implementation. The manual business processes for tracking open software and services performance obligations and for monitoring billing events were not sufficiently robust to prevent the errors. The related business processes and account reconciliation detective controls were not designed to operate with a sufficient degree of precision to identify these errors on a timely basis. These deficiencies resulted in immaterial understatements of revenue that accumulated over time and were corrected in the fourth quarter of 2022 as disclosed in Note 1 of the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 102 

Table of Contents 
 Grant Thornton LLP has independently assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting and its report is included below. Remediation Plan To remediate the material weakness described above, we are designing and implementing new business processes and automation of integrations between our systems as well as enhancing our reconciliation controls and monitoring procedures to properly ensure transactions are identified and recorded timely and accurately. We are in the process of documenting, assessing and testing the necessary changes in our internal control over financial reporting as part of our efforts to comply with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. The material weaknesses will not be considered remediated until the applicable remedial controls operate for a sufficient period of time and management has concluded, through testing, that these controls are operating effectively. We expect that the remediation of this material weakness will be completed prior to the end of fiscal year 2023. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting Except for the changes noted above, there have been no other changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2022, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 103 

Table of Contents 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM Board of Directors and Stockholders Axon Enterprise, Inc. Opinion on internal control over financial reporting We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Axon Enterprise, Inc. (a Delaware corporation) and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). In our opinion, because of the effect of the material weakness described in the following paragraphs on the achievement of the objectives of the control criteria, the Company has not maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by COSO. A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of control deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. The following material weakness has been identified and included in management s assessment. Management has identified a material weakness resulting from a failure to effectively manage the migration of triggering events for certain software and services performance obligations and invoicing errors during the quote-to-cash cycle. The related business processes and account reconciliation detective controls were not designed to operate with a sufficient degree of precision to identify these errors on a timely basis. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the consolidated financial statements of the Company as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022. The material weakness identified above was considered in determining the nature, timing, and extent of audit tests applied in our audit of the 2022 consolidated financial statements, and this report does not affect our report dated February 28, 2023 which expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. Basis for opinion The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. Definition and limitations of internal control over financial reporting A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 104 

Table of Contents 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. /s/ GRANT THORNTON LLP Phoenix, Arizona February 28, 2023 
 105 

Table of Contents 
 Item 9B. Other Information None. Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections None. PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance The information required to be disclosed by this item is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the 2023 Proxy Statement ), which proxy statement we expect to file with the SEC within 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. Item 11. Executive Compensation The information required to be disclosed by this item is incorporated herein by reference to our 2023 Proxy Statement. Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters Equity Compensation Plan Information A description of our equity compensation plans approved by our stockholders is included in Note 16 to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The following table provides details of our equity compensation plans at December 31, 2022: 

Number of Weighted Number of Securities Securities to be Average Remaining Available for Issued upon Exercise Price Future Issuance Under Equity Exercise of Outstanding of Outstanding Options, Compensation Plans (Excluding Securities Options, Warrants and Rights Warrants and Rights Reflected Plan Category (a) (b) (1) in Column (a)) (c) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 5,096,956 28.58 2,749,539 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders (2) 275,095 112,505 Total 5,372,051 2,862,044 

 (1) The weighted average exercise price is calculated based solely on the exercise prices of the outstanding options and does not reflect the shares that will be issued upon the vesting of outstanding awards of RSUs which have no exercise price. (2) In September 2022, our Board of Directors adopted the Axon Enterprise, Inc. 2022 Stock Inducement Plan (the 2022 Inducement Plan pursuant to which we reserved 250,000 shares of common stock for issuance under the Inducement Plan. In September 2019, our Board of Directors adopted the Axon Enterprise, Inc. 2019 Stock Inducement Plan (the 2019 Inducement Plan pursuant to which we reserved 500,000 shares of common stock for issuance under the Inducement Plan. The 2022 and 2019 Inducement Plans were adopted without stockholder approval pursuant to Rule 5635(c)(4) and Rule 5635(c)(3) of the Nasdaq Listing Rules. The Inducement Plans provides for the grant of equity-based awards, including restricted stock units, restricted stock, performance shares and performance units, and its terms are substantially similar to our stockholder-approved 2022 Plan and 2019 Plan, respectively. In accordance with Rule 5635(c)(4) and Rule 5635(c)(3) of the Nasdaq Listing Rules, awards under the Inducement Plan may only be 
 106 

Table of Contents 
 made to individuals not previously employees or non-employee directors of the Company (or following such individuals bona fide period of non-employment with the Company), as an inducement material to the individuals entry into employment with the Company. 
 All other information required to be disclosed by this item is incorporated herein by reference to our 2023 Proxy Statement. Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence The information required to be disclosed by this item is incorporated herein by reference to our 2023 Proxy Statement. Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services The information required to be disclosed by this item is incorporated herein by reference to our 2023 Proxy Statement. PART IV Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules (a) The following documents are filed as part of this report: 1. Consolidated financial statements: All consolidated financial statements as set forth under Part II, Item 8 of this report. 2. Supplementary Financial Statement Schedules: Supplementary schedules have not been included because they are not applicable or because the information is included elsewhere in this report. 3. Exhibits: 
 Exhibit Number Description 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed August 9, 2022) 3.2 Bylaws, as amended and restated (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed August 9, 2022) 4.1 Form of Common Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Registration Statement on Form SB-2, effective May 11, 2001 (Registration No. 333-55658)) 4.2 Description of securities of Axon Enterprise, Inc. registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed February 28, 2020) 4.3 Indenture, dated as of December 9, 2022, between Axon Enterprise, Inc. and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed December 9, 2022) 4.4 Form of 0.50 Convertible Senior Note due 2027 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit A in Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed December 9, 2022) 10.1+ Form of Indemnification Agreement between the Company and its directors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Registration Statement on Form SB-2, effective May 11, 2001 (Registration No. 333-55658)) 10.2+ Form of Indemnification Agreement between the Company and its officers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Registration Statement on Form SB-2, effective May 11, 2001 (Registration No. 333-55658)) 10.3+ TASER International, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K, filed on July 12, 2013) 10.4+ 2016 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Annex B of 2016 Proxy Statement, filed on April 15, 2016) 10.5+ Axon Enterprise, Inc. 2018 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Annex B of the Company s Proxy Statement, filed on April 13, 2018) 
 107 

Table of Contents 
 Exhibit Number Description 10.6+ CEO Performance Award (incorporated by reference to Annex A of the Company s Proxy Statement, filed on April 13, 2018) 10.7+ Axon Enterprise, Inc. 2019 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Annex A of the Company s Proxy Statement, filed on December 31, 2018) 10.8+ Axon Enterprise, Inc. 2019 Stock Incentive Plan Exponential Stock Unit Grant Notice (incorporated by reference to Annex B of the Company s Proxy Statement, filed on December 31, 2018) 10.9+ Executive Employment Agreement by and between Axon Enterprise, Inc. and Luke S. Larson (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed June 4, 2019) 10.10+ Executive Employment Agreement by and between Axon Enterprise, Inc. and Joshua M. Isner (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed June 4, 2019) 10.11+ Executive Employment Agreement by and between Axon Enterprise, Inc. and Jeffrey C. Kunins, dated September 23, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed February 28, 2020) 10.12+ Axon Enterprise, Inc. 2019 Stock Inducement Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the registration statement on Form S-8, filed September 23, 2019) 10.13+ Auction Statement from the Company to the Arizona State Land Department (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed November 6, 2020) 10.14 Construction Management Agreement, dated February 23, 2022, by and between Axon Enterprise, Inc. and Okland Construction Company, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed February 24, 2022) 10.15+ Executive Employment Agreement by and between Axon Enterprise, Inc. and James C. Zito (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed August 9, 2022) 10.16+ Axon Enterprise, Inc. 2022 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Annex B of the Company s Proxy Statement, filed April 8, 2022) 10.17+ Axon Enterprise, Inc. 2022 Stock Inducement Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the registration statement on Form S-8, filed September 23, 2022) 10.18+ Executive Employment Agreement by and between Axon Enterprise, Inc. and Brittany Bagley (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed November 9, 2022) 10.19 Form of Convertible Note Hedge Confirmation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed December 9, 2022) 10.20 Form of Warrant Confirmation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed December 9, 2022) 10.21 Credit Agreement, dated December 15, 2022, by and between Axon Enterprise, Inc. and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 21.1 List of Subsidiaries 23.1 Consent of Grant Thornton, LLP, independent registered public accounting firm 24.1 Powers of attorney (see signature page) 31.1 Principal Executive Officer Certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) 31.2 Principal Financial Officer Certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) 32 Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase Document 104 The cover page from the Company s Annual Report for the year ended December 31, 2022, formatted in Inline XBRL + Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement 
 108 

Table of Contents 
 Filed herewith Furnished herewith Certain confidential portions of this Exhibit were omitted by means of marking such portions with brackets [ ] because the identified confidential portions (i) are not material and (ii) would be competitively harmful if publicly disclosed. Item 16. Form 10-K Summary Not applicable. 
 109 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. AXON ENTERPRISE, INC. Date: February 28, 2023 By: /s/ PATRICK W. SMITH Chief Executive Officer, Director (Principal Executive Officer) Date: February 28, 2023 By: /s/ BRITTANY BAGLEY Chief Financial Officer and Chief Business Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 110 

Table of Contents 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS , that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Patrick W. Smith his or her true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him or her in any and all capacities, to sign any amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming all that each of said attorneys-in-fact, or his substitute or substitutes, may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Signature Title Date Chief Executive Officer, Director /s/ PATRICK W. SMITH (Principal Executive Officer) February 28, 2023 Patrick W. Smith Chief Financial Officer and Chief Business Officer /s/ BRITTANY BAGLEY (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) February 28, 2023 Brittany Bagley /s/ ADRIANE M. BROWN Director February 28, 2023 Adriane M. Brown /s/ JULIE A. CULLIVAN Director February 28, 2023 Julie A. Cullivan /s/ MICHAEL GARNREITER Director February 28, 2023 Michael Garnreiter /s/ CAITLIN E. KALINOWSKI Director February 28, 2023 Caitlin E. Kalinowski /s/ MARK W. KROLL Director February 28, 2023 Mark W. Kroll /s/ MATTHEW R. MCBRADY Director February 28, 2023 Matthew R. McBrady /s/ HADI PARTOVI Director February 28, 2023 Hadi Partovi 
 111 

<EX-10.24>
 2
 axon-20221231xex10d24.htm
 EX-10.24

Execution Version 
 CREDIT AGREEMENT dated as of December 15, 2022 among AXON ENTERPRISE, INC., as Borrower The Guarantors Party Hereto The Lenders Party Hereto and JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent ___________________________ J.P. Morgan Securities LLC., as Sole Bookrunner and Sole Lead Arranger 

TABLE OF CONTENTS Page Article 1 Definitions Section 1.01. Defined Terms 6 
 Section 1.02. Classification of Loans and Borrowings 45 
 Section 1.03. Terms Generally 45 
 Section 1.04. Accounting Terms; GAAP 45 
 Section 1.05. Interest Rates; Benchmark Notification 46 
 Section 1.06. Letter of Credit Amounts 47 
 Section 1.07. Divisions 47 
 Section 1.08. Exchange Rates; Currency Equivalents 47 
 Article 2 The Credits Section 2.01. Commitments 47 
 Section 2.02. Loans and Borrowings 48 
 Section 2.03. Requests for Revolving Borrowings 48 
 Section 2.04. [Reserved] 49 
 Section 2.05. Swingline Loans 49 
 Section 2.06. Letters of Credit 51 
 Section 2.07. Funding of Borrowings 56 
 Section 2.08. Interest Elections 57 
 Section 2.09. Termination and Reduction of Commitments 58 
 Section 2.10. Repayment of Loans; Evidence of Debt 59 
 Section 2.11. Prepayment of Loans 60 
 Section 2.12. Fees 60 
 Section 2.13. Interest 61 
 Section 2.14. Alternate Rate of Interest 62 
 Section 2.15. Increased Costs 66 
 Section 2.16. Break Funding Payments 67 
 Section 2.17. Withholding of Taxes; Gross-Up 68 
 Section 2.18. Payments Generally; Pro Rata Treatment; Sharing of Setoffs 71 
 Section 2.19. Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders 73 
 Section 2.20. Defaulting Lenders 74 
 Section 2.21. Revolving Commitment Increase 76 
 Article 3 Representations and Warranties Section 3.01. Organization; Powers 77 
 Section 3.02. Authorization; Enforceability 77 
 Section 3.03. Governmental Approvals; No Conflicts 77 
 Section 3.04. Financial Condition; No Material Adverse Change; No Default 77 
 Section 3.05. Properties 78 
 Section 3.06. Litigation and Environmental Matters 78 
 Section 3.07. Compliance with Laws and Agreements 78 

Section 3.08. Investment Company Status 79 
 Section 3.09. Taxes 79 
 Section 3.10. ERISA 79 
 Section 3.11. Disclosure 79 
 Section 3.12. Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions 79 
 Section 3.13. Affected Financial Institutions 80 
 Section 3.14. Plan Assets; Prohibited Transactions 80 
 Section 3.15. Margin Regulations 80 
 Section 3.16. Solvency 80 
 Section 3.17. Insurance 80 
 Section 3.18. [ Reserved ] 81 
 Section 3.19. Subsidiaries 81 
 Section 3.20. [ Reserved ] 81 
 Section 3.21. Material Agreements 81 
 Section 3.22. Employment Matters 81 
 Section 3.23. [ Reserved ] 81 
 Section 3.24. Use of Proceeds 81 
 Section 3.25. No Burdensome Restrictions 81 
 Article 4 Conditions Section 4.01. Effective Date 82 
 Section 4.02. Each Credit Event 83 
 Article 5 Affirmative Covenants Section 5.01. Financial Statements; Ratings Change and Other Information 84 
 Section 5.02. Notices of Material Events 86 
 Section 5.03. Existence; Conduct of Business 87 
 Section 5.04. Payment of Obligations 87 
 Section 5.05. Maintenance of Properties; Insurance 87 
 Section 5.06. Books and Records; Inspection Rights 87 
 Section 5.07. Compliance with Laws and Material Contractual Obligations 87 
 Section 5.08. Use of Proceeds and Letters of Credit 88 
 Section 5.09. Further Assurances 88 
 Section 5.10. Accuracy of Information 88 
 Section 5.11. Depository Banks 89 
 Article 6 Negative Covenants Section 6.01. Indebtedness 89 
 Section 6.02. Liens 91 
 Section 6.03. Fundamental Changes 92 
 Section 6.04. Asset Sales 92 
 Section 6.05. Investments, Loans, Advances, Guarantees and Acquisitions 93 
 Section 6.06. [Reserved] 96 
 Section 6.07. Sale and Leaseback Transactions 96 

 3 

Section 6.08. Swap Agreements 96 
 Section 6.09. Restricted Payments; Certain Payments of Indebtedness 96 
 Section 6.10. Transactions with Affiliates 97 
 Section 6.11. Restrictive Agreements 98 
 Section 6.12. Amendment of Material Documents 98 
 Section 6.13. Financial Covenants 98 
 Article 7 Events of Default Section 7.01. Events of Default 99 
 Section 7.02. Remedies Upon an Event of Default 101 
 Section 7.03. Application of Payments 101 
 Article 8 The Administrative Agent Section 8.01. Authorization and Action 103 
 Section 8.02. Administrative Agent s Reliance, Limitation of Liability, Etc 105 
 Section 8.03. Posting of Communications 106 
 Section 8.04. The Administrative Agent Individually 108 
 Section 8.05. Successor Administrative Agent 108 
 Section 8.06. Acknowledgements of Lenders and Issuing Banks 109 
 Section 8.07. [Reserved] 110 
 Section 8.08. Certain ERISA Matters 110 
 Article 9 Miscellaneous Section 9.01. Notices 112 
 Section 9.02. Waivers; Amendments 113 
 Section 9.03. Expenses; Limitation of Liability; Indemnity, Etc 114 
 Section 9.04. Successors and Assigns 116 
 Section 9.05. Survival 120 
 Section 9.06. Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness; Electronic Execution 120 
 Section 9.07. Severability 121 
 Section 9.08. Right of Setoff 121 
 Section 9.09. Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Consent to Service of Process 122 
 Section 9.10. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL 123 
 Section 9.11. Headings 123 
 Section 9.12. Confidentiality 123 
 Section 9.13. Material Non-Public Information 124 
 Section 9.14. Interest Rate Limitation 124 
 Section 9.15. No Fiduciary Duty, etc 125 
 Section 9.16. USA PATRIOT Act 126 
 Section 9.17. Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions 126 
 Section 9.18. Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs 126 
 Section 9.19. Judgment Currency 127 

 4 

Article 10 Loan Guaranty Section 10.01. Guaranty 127 
 Section 10.02. Guaranty of Payment 128 
 Section 10.03. No Discharge or Diminishment of Loan Guarant y 128 
 Section 10.04. Defenses Waived 129 
 Section 10.05. Rights of Subrogation 129 
 Section 10.06. Reinstatement; Stay of Acceleration 129 
 Section 10.07. Information 129 
 Section 10.08. Termination 130 
 Section 10.09. Taxes 130 
 Section 10.10. Maximum Liability 130 
 Section 10.11. Contribution 130 
 Section 10.12. Liability Cumulative 131 
 Section 10.13. Keepwell 131 
 Section 10.14. Release of Loan Guarantors 131 
 SCHEDULES : Schedule 2.01A Commitments Schedule 2.01B Swingline Commitments Schedule 2.01C Letter of Credit Commitments Schedule 2.06 Existing Letters of Credit Schedule 3.06 Disclosed Matters Schedule 3.17 Insurance Schedule 3.19 Subsidiaries Schedule 6.01 Existing Indebtedness Schedule 6.02 Existing Liens Schedule 6.05 Existing Investments Schedule 6.11 Existing Restrictions EXHIBITS : Exhibit A Form of Assignment and Assumption Exhibit B Form of Borrowing Request Exhibit C Form of Interest Election Request Exhibit D Joinder Agreement Exhibit E-1 U.S. Tax Certificate (For Non-U.S. Lenders that are not Partnerships for U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) Exhibit E-2 U.S. Tax Certificate (For Non-U.S. Lenders that are Partnerships for U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) Exhibit E-3 U.S. Tax Certificate (For Non-U.S. Participants that are not Partnerships for U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) Exhibit E-4 U.S. Tax Certificate (For Non-U.S. Participants that are Partnerships for U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) Exhibit F Form of Compliance Certificate 
 5 

CREDIT AGREEMENT dated as of December 15, 2022 (this Agreement ), among AXON ENTERPRISE, INC. Axon ), the GUARANTORS party hereto, the LENDERS party hereto, and JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent. A. Axon, as Borrower, has requested that the Lenders provide certain loans to and extensions of credit. B. The Lenders have agreed to make such loans and extensions of credit subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. C. In consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements herein contained and of the loans, extensions of credit and commitments hereinafter referred to, the parties hereto agree as follows: Article 1 Definitions
 Section 1.01. Defined Terms . As used in this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings specified below: 
 ABR , when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, bear interest at a rate determined by reference to the Alternate Base Rate. All ABR Loans shall be denominated in Dollars. Account has the meaning assigned to such term in the UCC. Account Debtor means any Person obligated on an Account. Acquisition means any transaction, or any series of related transactions, consummated on or after the Effective Date, by which any Loan Party (a) acquires any going business or all or substantially all of the assets of any Person, whether through purchase of assets, merger or otherwise or (b) directly or indirectly acquires (in one transaction or as the most recent transaction in a series of transactions) at least a majority (in number of votes) of the Equity Interests of a Person which have ordinary voting power for the election of directors or other similar management personnel of a Person (other than Equity Interests having such power only by reason of the happening of a contingency) or a majority of the outstanding Equity Interests of a Person. Adjusted Daily Simple RFR means, (i) with respect to any RFR Borrowing denominated in Sterling, an interest rate per annum equal to (a) the Daily Simple RFR for Sterling, plus (b) 0.0326 , (ii) with respect to any RFR Borrowing denominated in Swiss Francs, an interest rate per annum equal to (a) the Daily Simple RFR for Swiss Francs, plus (b) 0.00 and (iii) with respect to any RFR Borrowing denominated in Dollars, an interest rate per annum equal to (a) the Daily Simple RFR for Dollars, plus (b) 0.10 ; provided that if the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR Rate as so determined would be less than the Floor, such rate shall be deemed to be equal to the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement. Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR means an interest rate per annum equal to (a) the Daily Simple SOFR, plus (b) 0.10 ; provided that if the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR as so determined would be less than the Floor, such rate shall be deemed to be equal to the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement. 

Adjusted EURIBOR Rate means, with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Euros for any Interest Period, an interest rate per annum equal to (a) the EURIBOR Rate for such Interest Period multiplied by (b) the Statutory Reserve Rate; provided that if the Adjusted EURIBOR Rate as so determined would be less than the Floor, such rate shall be deemed to be equal to the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement. Adjusted Term SOFR Rate means, with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars for any Interest Period, an interest rate per annum equal to (a) the Term SOFR Rate for such Interest Period, plus (b) 0.10 ; provided that if the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate as so determined would be less than the Floor, such rate shall be deemed to be equal to the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement. Adjusted TIBOR Rate means, with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Yen for any Interest Period, an interest rate per annum equal to (a) the TIBOR Rate for such Interest Period multiplied by (b) the Statutory Reserve Rate; provided that if the Adjusted TIBOR Rate as so determined would be less than the Floor, such rate shall be deemed to be equal to the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement. Administrative Agent means JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (or any of its designated branch offices or affiliates), in its capacity as administrative agent for the Lenders hereunder. Administrative Questionnaire means an Administrative Questionnaire in a form supplied by the Administrative Agent. Affected Financial Institution means (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution. Affiliate means, with respect to a specified Person, another Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled by or is under common Control with the Person specified. Agent-Related Person has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.03(d). Agreed Currencies means Dollars and each Alternative Currency. Agreement has the meaning specified in introductory paragraph hereof. Alternate Base Rate means, for any day, a rate per annum equal to the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate in effect on such day, (b) the NYFRB Rate in effect on such day plus of 1 and (c) the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate for a one month Interest Period as published two U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such day (or if such day is not a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the immediately preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day) plus 1 ; provided that for the purpose of this definition, the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate for any day shall be based on the Term SOFR Reference Rate at approximately 5:00 a.m. Chicago time on such day (or any amended publication time for the Term SOFR Reference Rate, as specified by the CME Term SOFR Administrator in the Term SOFR Reference Rate methodology). Any change in the Alternate Base Rate due to a change in the Prime Rate, the NYFRB Rate or the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in the Prime Rate, the NYFRB Rate or the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, respectively. If the Alternate Base Rate is being used as an alternate rate of interest pursuant to Section 2.14 (for the 
 7 

avoidance of doubt, only until the Benchmark Replacement has been determined pursuant to Section 2.14(b)), then the Alternate Base Rate shall be the greater of clauses (a) and (b) above and shall be determined without reference to clause (c) above. For the avoidance of doubt, if the Alternate Base Rate as determined pursuant to the foregoing would be less than 1.00 , such rate shall be deemed to be 1.00 for purposes of this Agreement. Alternative Currency means Sterling, Euros, Swiss Francs, Yen and any additional currencies determined after the Effective Date by mutual agreement of the Borrower, Lenders, Issuing Bank and Administrative Agent; provided that each such currency is a lawful currency that is readily available, freely transferable and not restricted and able to be converted into Dollars. Alternative Currency Sublimit means an amount equal to the lesser of (a) 10,000,000 and (b) the total amount of the Commitments. The Alternative Currency Sublimit is part of, and not in addition to, the Commitments hereunder. Ancillary Document has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.06(b). Anti-Corruption Laws means all laws, rules, and regulations of any jurisdiction applicable to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries from time to time concerning or relating to bribery, corruption or money laundering . Applicable Percentage means, with respect to any Lender, the percentage of the total Commitments represented by such Lender s Commitment; provided that, in the case of Section 2.20 when a Defaulting Lender shall exist, Applicable Percentage shall mean the percentage of the total Commitments (disregarding any Defaulting Lender s Commitment) represented by such Lender s Commitment. If the Commitments have terminated or expired, the Applicable Percentages shall be determined based upon the Commitments most recently in effect, giving effect to any assignments and to any Lender s status as a Defaulting Lender at the time of determination. Applicable Rate means, for any day, with respect to any ABR Loan or Term Benchmark Revolving Loan, RFR Revolving Loan or with respect to the commitment fees payable hereunder, as the case may be, the applicable rate per annum set forth below under the caption ABR Spread , Term Benchmark Spread and Participation Fee under Section 2.12(a)(i) , RFR Spread , or Commitment Fee Rate , as the case may be, based upon the Borrower s Net Leverage Ratio as of the most recent determination date, provided that until the delivery to the Administrative Agent, pursuant to Section 5.01(b), of the Borrower s consolidated financial statements for the fiscal quarter ending March 31, 2023, the Applicable Rate shall be the applicable rates per annum set forth below in Category 3: 
 8 

Net Leverage Ratio: ABR Spread Term Benchmark Spread and Participation Fee under Section 2.12(a)(i) RFR Spread Commitment Fee Rate Category 1 Less than 1.00 to 1.00 0.25 1.25 1.25 0.15 Category 2 Equal to or greater than 1.00 to 1.00 but less than 2.00 to 1.00 0.50 1.50 1.50 0.15 Category 3 Equal to or greater than 2.00 0.75 1.75 1.75 0.15 
 For purposes of the foregoing, (a) the Applicable Rate shall be determined as of the end of each fiscal quarter of the Borrower, based upon the Borrower s annual or quarterly Financial Statements delivered pursuant to Section 5.01 and (b) adjustments, if any, to the Category then in effect shall be effective five (5) Business Days after the Administrative Agent has received the applicable Financial Statements (it being understood and agreed that each change in Category shall apply during the period commencing on the effective date of such change and ending on the date immediately preceding the effective date of the next such change); provided that if the Borrower fails to deliver the annual or quarterly Financial Statements required to be delivered by it pursuant to Section 5.01, the Net Leverage Ratio shall be deemed to be in Category 3 for the period commencing five (5) Business Days after the required date of delivery and ending on the date which is five (5) Business Days after the consolidated financial statements are actually delivered, after which the Category shall be determined in accordance with the table above as applicable. If at any time the Administrative Agent determines that the Financial Statements upon which the Applicable Rate was determined were incorrect (whether based on a restatement, fraud or otherwise), the Borrower shall be required to retroactively pay any additional amount that the Borrower would have been required to pay if such Financial Statements had been accurate at the time they were delivered. Applicable Time means, with respect to any Borrowings and payments in any Alternative Currency, the local time in the place of settlement for such Alternative Currency as may be determined by the Administrative Agent or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be, to be 
 9 

necessary for timely settlement on the relevant date in accordance with normal banking procedures in the place of payment. Approved Electronic Platform has the meaning assigned to it in Section 8.03(a). Approved Fund has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.04(b). Arranger means J.P. Morgan Securities LLC. in its capacity as sole bookrunner and sole lead arranger hereunder. Assignment and Assumption means an assignment and assumption entered into by a Lender and an assignee (with the consent of any party whose consent is required by Section 9.04), and accepted by the Administrative Agent, in the form of Exhibit A or any other form (including electronic records generated by the use of an electronic platform) approved by the Administrative Agent. Available Amount shall mean, on any date of determination, the sum of: (a) an amount equal to the greater of (i) 50,000,000 and (ii) 20 of EBITDA for the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters most recently ended for which financial statements have been delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or Section 5.01(b); plus (b) 50 of cumulative Consolidated Net Income (which amount shall not be less than zero for any fiscal year) from the first day of the fiscal quarter in which the Closing Date occurs to the last day of the most recent fiscal quarter ending on or prior to the applicable date of determination for financial statements were delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or Section 5.01(b); minus (c) (i) the aggregate amount of Investments made pursuant to Section 6.05(t) using the Available Amount and (ii) the aggregate amount of Restricted Payments made pursuant to Section 6.09(a)(vi) using the Available Amount, in each case during the period from and including the Business Day immediately following the Closing Date through and including the date of determination (without taking account of the intended usage of the Available Amount on such date of determination). Available Tenor means, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark for any Agreed Currency, as applicable, any tenor for such Benchmark (or component thereof) or payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark (or component thereof), as applicable, that is or may be used for determining the length of an Interest Period for any term rate or otherwise, for determining any frequency of making payments of interest calculated pursuant to this Agreement as of such date and not including, for the avoidance of doubt, any tenor for such Benchmark that is then-removed from the definition of Interest Period pursuant to clause (e) of Section 2.14. Availability means, at any time, an amount equal to (a) the Commitment minus (b) the Revolving Credit Exposure. Availability Period means the period from and including the Effective Date to but excluding the earlier of the Maturity Date and the date of termination of the Commitments. 
 10 

Axon 2027 Convertible Senior Notes means those certain Convertible Senior Notes due 2027 issued by Axon in an original aggregate principal amount of 690,000,000, pursuant to that certain Indenture, dated as of December 9, 2022. Bail-In Action means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution. Bail-In Legislation means (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law, regulation rule or requirement for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings). Banking Services means each and any of the following bank services provided to any Loan Party or any Subsidiary by any Lender or any of their Affiliates: (a) credit cards for commercial customers (including, without limitation, commercial credit cards and purchasing cards), (b) stored value cards, (c) merchant processing services, and (d) treasury management services (including, without limitation, controlled disbursement, automated clearinghouse transactions, return items, any direct debit scheme or arrangement, overdrafts and interstate depository network services). Banking Services Obligations means any and all obligations of the Loan Parties or their Subsidiaries, whether absolute or contingent and howsoever and whensoever created, arising, evidenced or acquired (including all renewals, extensions and modifications thereof and substitutions therefor) in connection with Banking Services. Bankruptcy Event means, with respect to any Person, such Person becomes the subject of a voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding, or has had a receiver, conservator, trustee, administrator, custodian, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with the reorganization or liquidation of its business appointed for it, or, in the good faith determination of the Administrative Agent, has taken any action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of, or acquiescence in, any such proceeding or appointment or has had any order for relief in such proceeding entered in respect thereof; provided that a Bankruptcy Event shall not result solely by virtue of any ownership interest, or the acquisition of any ownership interest, in such Person by a Governmental Authority or instrumentality thereof, unless such ownership interest results in or provides such Person with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permits such Person (or such Governmental Authority or instrumentality) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made by such Person. Benchmark means, initially, with respect to any (i) RFR Loan in any Agreed Currency, the applicable Relevant Rate for such Agreed Currency or (ii) Term Benchmark Loan, the Relevant Rate for such Agreed Currency; provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event, and the related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the applicable Relevant Rate or the then-current Benchmark for such Agreed Currency, then Benchmark means the 
 11 

applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate pursuant to clause (b) of Section 2.14. Benchmark Replacement means, for any Available Tenor, the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Administrative Agent for the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date; provided that, in the case of any Loan denominated in an Alternative Currency, Benchmark Replacement shall mean the alternative set forth in (2) below: (1) in the case of any Loan denominated in Dollars, the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR; and (2) the sum of: (a) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark rate as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for syndicated credit facilities denominated in the applicable Agreed Currency at such time in the United States and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; If the Benchmark Replacement as determined pursuant to clause (1) or (2) above would be less than the Floor, the Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means, with respect to any replacement of the then-current Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for any applicable Interest Period and Available Tenor for any setting of such Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement, the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body on the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date and/or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for syndicated credit facilities denominated in the applicable Agreed Currency at such time. Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes means, with respect to any Benchmark Replacement and/or any Term Benchmark Revolving Loan denominated in Dollars, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of Alternate Base Rate, the definition of Business Day, the definition of U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the definition of RFR Business Day, the definition of Interest Period, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, length of lookback periods, the applicability of breakage provisions, and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Administrative Agent decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of such Benchmark and to permit the administration thereof by the 
 12 

Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent determines that no market practice for the administration of such Benchmark exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents). Benchmark Replacement Date means, with respect to any Benchmark, the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to such then-current Benchmark: (1) in the case of clause (1) or (2) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or (2) in the case of clause (3) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the first date on which such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) has been determined and announced by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) to be no longer representative; provided, that such non-representativeness will be determined by reference to the most recent statement or publication referenced in such clause (c) and even if any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) continues to be provided on such date. For the avoidance of doubt, (i) if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred in the case of clause (1) or (2) with respect to any Benchmark upon the occurrence of the applicable event or events set forth therein with respect to all then-current Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). Benchmark Transition Event means, with respect to any Benchmark, the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to such then-current Benchmark: (1) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); (2) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof), the Federal Reserve Board, the NYFRB, the CME Term SOFR Administrator, the central bank for the Agreed Currency applicable to such Benchmark, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or 
 13 

such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), in each case, which states that the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) permanently or indefinitely; provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or (3) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) are no longer, or as of a specified future date will no longer be, representative. For the avoidance of doubt, a Benchmark Transition Event will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark if a public statement or publication of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). Benchmark Unavailability Period means, with respect to any Benchmark, the period (if any) (x) beginning at the time that a Benchmark Replacement Date pursuant to clauses (1) or (2) of that definition has occurred if, at such time, no Benchmark Replacement has replaced such then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 2.14 and (y) ending at the time that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced such then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 2.14. Beneficial Ownership Certification means a certification regarding beneficial ownership or control as required by the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. Beneficial Ownership Regulation means 31 C.F.R. 1010.230. Benefit Plan means any of (a) an employee benefit plan (as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) that is subject to Title I of ERISA, (b) a plan as defined in Section 4975 of the Code to which Section 4975 of the Code applies, and (c) any Person whose assets include (for purposes of the Plan Asset Regulations or otherwise for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) the assets of any such employee benefit plan or plan . BHC Act Affiliate of a party means an affiliate (as such term is defined under, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k)) of such party. Borrower means Axon Enterprise, Inc., a Delaware corporation. Borrowing means (a) Revolving Borrowing or (b) a Swingline Loan. Borrowing Request means a request by the Borrower for a Revolving Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.03, which shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit B or any other form approved by the Administrative Agent. 
 14 

Burdensome Restrictions means any consensual encumbrance or restriction of the type described in clause (a) or (b) of Section 6.11. Business Day means, any day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks are open for business in New York City; provided that, in addition to the foregoing, a Business Day shall be (a) in relation to Loans denominated in Yen and in relation to the calculation or computation of TIBOR or the Japanese Prime Rate, any day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks are open for business in Japan, (b) in relation to Loans denominated in Euros and in relation to the calculation or computation of EURIBOR, any day which is a TARGET Day, (c) in relation to RFR Loans and any interest rate settings, fundings, disbursements, settlements or payments of any such RFR Loan, or any other dealings in the applicable Agreed Currency of such RFR Loan, any such day that is only a RFR Business Day and (d) in relation to Loans referencing the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate and any interest rate settings, fundings, disbursements, settlements or payments of any such Loans referencing the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate or any other dealings of such Loans referencing the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, any such day that is a U.S. Government Securities Business Day. Capital Lease Obligations of any Person means the obligations of such Person to pay rent or other amounts under any lease of (or other arrangement conveying the right to use) real or personal property, or a combination thereof, which obligations are required to be classified and accounted for as capital leases or financing leases on a balance sheet of such Person under GAAP, and the amount of such obligations shall be the capitalized amount thereof determined in accordance with GAAP. CBR Loan means a Loan that bears interest at a rate determined by reference to the Central Bank Rate or the Japanese Prime Rate. CBR Spread means the Applicable Rate, applicable to such Loan that is replaced by a CBR Loan. Central Bank Rate means, the greater of (I) (A) for any Loan denominated in (a) Sterling, the Bank of England (or any successor thereto) s Bank Rate as published by the Bank of England (or any successor thereto) from time to time, (b) Euro, one of the following three rates as may be selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion: (1) the fixed rate for the main refinancing operations of the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto), or, if that rate is not published, the minimum bid rate for the main refinancing operations of the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto), each as published by the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto) from time to time, (2) the rate for the marginal lending facility of the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto), as published by the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto) from time to time or (3) the rate for the deposit facility of the central banking system of the Participating Member States, as published by the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto) from time to time, (c) Swiss Francs, the policy rate of the Swiss National Bank (or any successor thereto) as published by the Swiss National Bank (or any successor thereto) from time to time and (d) any other Alternative Currency determined after the Effective Date, a central bank rate as determined by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion; plus (B) the applicable Central Bank Rate Adjustment and (II) the Floor. Central Bank Rate Adjustment means, for any day, for any Loan denominated in (a) Euro, a rate equal to the difference (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) of (i) the average of the Adjusted EURIBOR Rate for the five most recent Business Days preceding such 
 15 

day for which the EURIBOR Screen Rate was available (excluding, from such averaging, the highest and the lowest Adjusted EURIBOR Rate applicable during such period of five Business Days) minus (ii) the Central Bank Rate in respect of Euro in effect on the last Business Day in such period, (b) Sterling, a rate equal to the difference (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) of (i) the average of Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for Sterling Borrowings for the five most recent RFR Business Days preceding such day for which Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for Sterling Borrowings was available (excluding, from such averaging, the highest and the lowest such Adjusted Daily Simple RFR applicable during such period of five RFR Business Days) minus (ii) the Central Bank Rate in respect of Sterling in effect on the last RFR Business Day in such period, (c) Swiss Francs, a rate equal to the difference (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) of (i) the average of Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for Swiss Franc Borrowings for the five most recent RFR Business Days preceding such day for which SARON was available (excluding, from such averaging, the highest and the lowest such Adjusted Daily Simple RFR applicable during such period of five RFR Business Days) minus (ii) the Central Bank Rate in respect of Swiss Francs in effect on the last RFR Business Day in such period and (d) any other Alternative Currency determined after the Effective Date, a Central Bank Rate Adjustment as determined by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion. For purposes of this definition, (x) the term Central Bank Rate shall be determined disregarding clause (B) of the definition of such term and (y) the EURIBOR Rate on any day shall be based on the EURIBOR Screen Rate, on such day at approximately the time referred to in the definition of such term for deposits in the applicable Agreed Currency for a maturity of one month. Change in Control means (a) the acquisition of ownership, directly or indirectly, beneficially or of record, by any Person or group (within the meaning of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the rules of the SEC thereunder as in effect on the date hereof), of Equity Interests representing more than 40 of the aggregate ordinary voting power represented by the issued and outstanding Eq uity Interests of the Borrower; or (b) occupation of a majority of the seats (other than vacant seats) on the board of directors of the Borrower by Persons who were not (i) directors of the Borrower on the date of this Agreement or appointed by the board of directors of the Borrower or (ii) appointed by directors so nominated or appointed. Change in Law means the occurrence after the date of this Agreement of (a) the adoption of or taking effect of any law, rule, regulation or treaty, (b) any change in any law, rule, regulation or treaty or in the administration, interpretation, implementation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority or (c) compliance by any Lender or Issuing Bank (or, for purposes of Section 2.15(b), by any lending office of such Lender or by such Lender s or Issuing Bank s holding company, if any) with any request, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) of any Governmental Authority made or issued after the date of this Agreement; provided that, notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (x) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith or in the implementation thereof and (y) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall, in each case, be deemed to be a Change in Law, regardless of the date enacted, adopted, issued or implemented. Charges has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.14. Class when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, are Revolving Loans or Swingline Loans. 
 16 

CME Term SOFR Administrator means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited as administrator of the forward-looking term Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) (or a successor administrator). Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. Commitment means, with respect to each Lender, the commitment of such Lender to make Revolving Loans and to acquire participations in Letters of Credit hereunder, expressed as an amount representing the maximum aggregate amount of such Lender s Credit Exposure hereunder, as such commitment may be (a) reduced from time to time pursuant to Section 2.09 and Section 2.19(b), and (b) reduced or increased from time to time pursuant to assignments by or to such Lender pursuant to Section 9.04. The amount of each Lender s Commitment on the Effective Date is set forth on Schedule 2.01, or in the Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which such Revolving Lender shall have assumed its Commitment, as applicable. The aggregate amount of the Lenders Commitments on the Effective Date is 200,000,000. Commitment Fee shall have the meaning provided in Section 2.12(a). Commitment Fee Rate shall mean, for any day, the applicable rate per annum set forth next to the row heading Commitment Fee Rate in the definition of Applicable Rate . Commodity Exchange Act means the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1 et seq.), as amended from time to time, and any successor statute, and any regulations promulgated thereunder. Communications has the meaning assigned to it in Section 8.03(c). Connection Income Taxes means Other Connection Taxes that are imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated) or that are franchise Taxes or branch profits Taxes. Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio means, for any period, the ratio of (a) EBITDA for such period to (b) Consolidated Interest Expense for such period. Consolidated Interest Expense means, for any period, total interest expense (including that attributable to Capital Lease Obligations) of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such period with respect to all outstanding Indebtedness of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (including all commissions, discounts and other fees and charges owed with respect to letters of credit and bankers acceptances and net costs under Swap Agreements in respect of interest rates, to the extent such net costs are allocable to such period in accordance with GAAP), calculated for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis for such period in accordance with GAAP. Consolidated Net Income means, with reference to any period, the net income or loss of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such period determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP, provided that there shall be excluded from such net income or loss of any Person accrued prior to the date on which it becomes a Subsidiary or is merged into or consolidated with the Borrower or any consolidated Subsidiary or the date on which such Person s assets are acquired by the Borrower or any consolidated Subsidiary. 
 17 

Consolidated Total Assets means, as of any date of determination, the amount that would in conformity with GAAP, be set forth opposite the caption total assets (or any like caption) on a consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries as of such date. Consolidated Total Indebtedness means, at any date, the aggregate principal amount of all Indebtedness of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, determined for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis at such date, in accordance with GAAP. Control means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. Controlling and Controlled have meanings correlative thereto. Corresponding Tenor with respect to any Available Tenor means, as applicable, either a tenor (including overnight) or an interest payment period having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as such Available Tenor. Covered Entity means any of the following: (i) a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b); (ii) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b); or (iii) a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b). Covered Party has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.18. Credit Party means the Administrative Agent, each Issuing Bank, the Swingline Lender or any other Lender. Daily Simple RFR means, for any day (an RFR Interest Day ), an interest rate per annum equal to, for any RFR Loan denominated in (i) Sterling, SONIA for the day that is five (5) RFR Business Days prior to (A) if such RFR Interest Day is an RFR Business Day, such RFR Interest Day or (B) if such RFR Interest Day is not an RFR Business Day, the RFR Business Day immediately preceding such RFR Interest Day, (ii) Swiss Francs, SARON for the day that is five (5) RFR Business Days prior to (A) if such RFR Interest Day is an RFR Business Day, such RFR Interest Day or (B) if such RFR Interest Day is not an RFR Business Day, the Business Day immediately preceding such RFR Interest Day and (iii) Dollars, Daily Simple SOFR. Daily Simple SOFR means, for any day (a SOFR Rate Day ), a rate per annum equal to SOFR for the day (such day SOFR Determination Date that is five (5) RFR Business Days prior to (i) if such SOFR Rate Day is an RFR Business Day, such SOFR Rate Day or (ii) if such SOFR Rate Day is not an RFR Business Day, the RFR Business Day immediately preceding such SOFR Rate Day, in each case, as such SOFR is published by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR Administrator s Website. Any change in Daily Simple SOFR due to a change in SOFR shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in SOFR without notice to the Borrower. 
 18 

Default means any event or condition which constitutes an Event of Default or which upon notice, lapse of time or both would, unless cured or waived, become an Event of Default. Default Right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable. Defaulting Lender means any Lender that (a) has failed, within two Business Days of the date required to be funded or paid, to (i) fund any portion of its Loans, (ii) fund any portion of its participations in Letters of Credit or Swingline Loans or (iii) pay over to any Credit Party any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder, unless, in the case of clause (i) above, such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent in writing that such failure is the result of such Lender s good faith determination that a condition precedent to funding (specifically identified and including the particular default, if any) has not been satisfied, (b) has notified the Borrower or any Credit Party in writing, or has made a public statement to the effect, that it does not intend or expect to comply with any of its funding obligations under this Agreement (unless such writing or public statement indicates that such position is based on such Lender s good faith determination that a condition precedent (specifically identified and including the particular default, if any) to funding a loan under this Agreement cannot be satisfied) or generally under other agreements in which it commits to extend credit, (c) has failed, within three Business Days after request by a Credit Party, acting in good faith, to provide a certification in writing from an authorized officer of such Lender that it will comply with its obligations (and is financially able to meet such obligations as of the date of certification) to fund prospective Loans and participations in then outstanding Letters of Credit and Swingline Loans under this Agreement, provided that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon such Credit Party s receipt of such certification in form and substance satisfactory to it and the Administrative Agent, or (d) has become the subject of (A) a Bankruptcy Event or (B) a Bail-In Action. Disclosed Matters means the actions, suits and proceedings and the environmental matters disclosed in Schedule 3.06. Disposition or Dispose means the sale, transfer, license, lease or other disposition (in one transaction or in a series of transactions and whether effected pursuant to a division or otherwise) of any property by any Person (including any sale and leaseback transaction and any issuance of Equity Interests by a Subsidiary of such Person), including any sale, assignment, transfer or other disposal, with or without recourse, of any notes or accounts receivable or any rights and claims associated therewith. For the avoidance of doubt, none of (w) the sale of any Permitted Convertible Indebtedness by the Borrower, (x) the sale of any Permitted Warrant Transaction by the Borrower, (y) the disposition of any Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction by the Borrower nor (z) the performance by Borrower of its obligations under any Permitted Convertible Indebtedness or any Permitted Warrant Transaction, shall constitute a Disposition. Dollar Equivalent means, for any amount, at the time of determination thereof, (a) if such amount is expressed in dollars, such amount, (b) if such amount is expressed in an Alternative Currency, the equivalent of such amount in dollars determined by using the rate of exchange for the purchase of dollars with the Alternative Currency last provided (either by publication or otherwise provided to the Administrative Agent) by Reuters on the Business Day (New York City time) immediately preceding the date of determination or if such service ceases to be available or ceases to provide a rate of exchange for the purchase of dollars with the Alternative Currency, as provided by such other publicly available information service which provides that rate of exchange at such time in place of Reuters chosen by the Administrative 
 19 

Agent in its sole discretion (or if such service ceases to be available or ceases to provide such rate of exchange, the equivalent of such amount in dollars as determined by the Administrative Agent using any method of determination it deems appropriate in its sole discretion) and (c) if such amount is denominated in any other currency, the equivalent of such amount in dollars as determined by the Administrative Agent using any method of determination it deems appropriate in its sole discretion. Dollars , dollars or refers to lawful money of the United States of America. Domestic Subsidiary means any Subsidiary that is organized under the laws of the United States of America or any state thereof or the District of Columbia. EBITDA means, for any period, Consolidated Net Income for such period plus (a) without duplication and to the extent deducted in determining Consolidated Net Income for such period, the sum of (i) Consolidated Interest Expense for such period, (ii) income tax expense for such period, (iii) all amounts attributable to depreciation and amortization expense for such period, (iv) any unusual or non-recurring charges for such period, in each case, subject to the Administrative Agent s reasonable review and approval, (v) any costs and expenses relating to any Permitted Acquisitions or other Investments or any Dispositions, permitted by this Agreement, (vi) costs related to litigation occurring outside the ordinary course of business of the Loan Parties, (vii) any other non-cash charges for such period (but excluding any non-cash charge in respect of an item that was included in Consolidated Net Income in a prior period) and (viii) non-cash expenses during such period resulting from the grant of stock options and restricted stock, restricted stock units or other awards to management, directors, consultants or employees of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, minus (b) without duplication and to the extent included in Consolidated Net Income, (i) any extraordinary gains and any non-cash items of income for such period, all calculated for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP and (ii) any minority interest net income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interests in any non-Wholly Owned Subsidiary except to the extent actually received by a Loan Party. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries desires to make a Permitted Acquisition, for purposes of clause (j) of the definition thereof and after giving effect to such Permitted Acquisition, EBITDA for the preceding period of four consecutive fiscal quarters shall be calculated after giving effect thereto on a pro forma basis as if such Permitted Acquisition occurred on the first day of such period. ECP means an eligible contract participant as defined in Section 1(a)(18) of the Commodity Exchange Act or any regulations promulgated thereunder and the applicable rules issued by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission and/or the SEC. EDGAR System means the Electronic Data Gathering Analysis and Retrieval System owned and operated by the SEC. EEA Financial Institution means (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. 
 20 

EEA Member Country means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. EEA Resolution Authority means any public administrative authority or any Person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. Effective Date means the date on which the conditions specified in Section 4.01 are satisfied (or waived in accordance with Section 9.02). Electronic Signature means an electronic sound, symbol, or process attached to, or associated with, a contract or other record and adopted by a Person with the intent to sign, authenticate or accept such contract or record. Engagement Letter means that certain Engagement Letter dated as of December 15, 2022, by and among the Borrower and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Environmental Laws means all laws, rules, regulations, codes, ordinances, orders, decrees, judgments, injunctions, notices or binding agreements issued, promulgated or entered into by any Governmental Authority, relating in any way to (i) the environment, (ii) preservation or reclamation of natural resources, (iii) the management, release or threatened release of any Hazardous Material or (iv) health and safety matters. Environmental Liability means any liability, contingent or otherwise (including any liability for damages, costs of environmental remediation, fines, penalties or indemnities), of the Borrower or any Subsidiary directly or indirectly resulting from or based upon (a) violation of any Environmental Law, (b) the generation, use, handling, transportation, storage, treatment or disposal of any Hazardous Materials, (c) exposure to any Hazardous Materials, (d) the release or threatened release of any Hazardous Materials into the environment or (e) any contract, agreement or other consensual arrangement pursuant to which liability is assumed or imposed with respect to any of the foregoing. Equity Interests means shares of capital stock, partnership interests, membership interests in a limited liability company, beneficial interests in a trust or other equity ownership interests in a Person, and any warrants, options or other rights entitling the holder thereof to purchase or acquire any such equity interest, but excluding any debt securities convertible or exchangeable into any of the foregoing (including, without limitation, any Permitted Convertible Indebtedness). ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. ERISA Affiliate means any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) that, together with the Borrower, is treated as a single employer under Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code or Section 4001(14) of ERISA or, solely for purposes of Section 302 of ERISA and Section 412 of the Code, is treated as a single employer under Section 414 of the Code. ERISA Event means (a) any reportable event , as defined in Section 4043 of ERISA or the regulations issued thereunder with respect to a Plan (other than an event for which the 30 day notice period is waived); (b) the failure to satisfy the minimum funding standard (as 
 21 

defined in Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA), whether or not waived; (c) the filing pursuant to Section 412(c) of the Code or Section 302(c) of ERISA of an application for a waiver of the minimum funding standard with respect to any Plan; (d) the incurrence by the Borrower or any of its ERISA Affiliates of any liability under Title IV of ERISA with respect to the termination of any Plan; (e) the receipt by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate from the PBGC or a plan administrator of any notice relating to an intention to terminate any Plan or Plans or to appoint a trustee to administer any Plan; (f) the incurrence by the Borrower or any of its ERISA Affiliates of any liability with respect to the withdrawal or partial withdrawal of the Borrower or any of its ERISA Affiliates from any Plan or Multiemployer Plan; or (g) the receipt by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate of any notice, or the receipt by any Multiemployer Plan from the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate of any notice, concerning the imposition upon the Borrower or any of its ERISA Affiliates of Withdrawal Liability or a determination that a Multiemployer Plan is, or is expected to be, insolvent or in reorganization, within the meaning of Title IV of ERISA. EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor Person), as in effect from time to time. EURIBOR Rate means, with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Euros and for any Interest Period, the EURIBOR Screen Rate, two TARGET Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period. EURIBOR Screen Rate means the euro interbank offered rate administered by the European Money Markets Institute (or any other person which takes over the administration of that rate) for the relevant period displayed (before any correction, recalculation or republication by the administrator) on page EURIBOR01 of the Thomson Reuters screen (or any replacement Thomson Reuters page which displays that rate) or on the appropriate page of such other information service which publishes that rate from time to time in place of Thomson Reuters as published at approximately 11:00 a.m. Brussels time two TARGET Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period. If such page or service ceases to be available, the Administrative Agent may specify another page or service displaying the relevant rate after consultation with the Borrower. Euro and mean the single currency of the Participating Member States. Event of Default has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 7.01. Excluded Swap Obligation means, with respect to any Guarantor, any Swap Obligation if, and to the extent that, all or a portion of the Guarantee of such Guarantor of, or the grant by such Guarantor of a security interest to secure, such Swap Obligation (or any Guarantee thereof) is or becomes illegal under the Commodity Exchange Act or any rule, regulation or order of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (or the application or official interpretation of any thereof) by virtue of such Guarantor s failure for any reason to constitute an ECP at the time the Guarantee of such Guarantor or the grant of such security interest becomes or would become effective with respect to such Swap Obligation. If a Swap Obligation arises under a master agreement governing more than one swap, such exclusion shall apply only to the portion of such Swap Obligation that is attributable to swaps for which such Guarantee or security interest is or becomes illegal. 
 22 

Excluded Taxes means any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to a Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to a Recipient, (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes, and branch profits Taxes, in each case, (i) imposed as a result of such Recipient being organized under the laws of, or having its principal office or, in the case of any Lender, its applicable lending office located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof) or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes, (b) in the case of a Lender, U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Lender with respect to an applicable interest in a Loan, Letter of Credit or Commitment pursuant to a law in effect on the date on which (i) such Lender acquires such interest in the Loan, Letter of Credit or Commitment (other than pursuant to an assignment request by the Borrower under Section 2.19(b)) or (ii) such Lender changes its lending office, except in each case to the extent that, pursuant to Section 2.17, amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such Lender s assignor immediately before such Lender acquired the applicable interest in a Loan, Letter of Credit or Commitment or to such Lender immediately before it changed its lending office, (c) Taxes attributable to such Recipient s failure to comply with Section 2.17(f), and (d) any withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA. Existing Letter of Credit means each letter of credit issued prior to the Effective Date by a Person that shall be an Issuing Bank and listed on Schedule 2.06. FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreement entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code and any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement, treaty or convention among Governmental Authorities and implementing such Sections of the Code. Federal Funds Effective Rate means, for any day, the rate calculated by the NYFRB based on such day s federal funds transactions by depositary institutions, as determined in such manner as shall be set forth on the NYFRB s Website from time to time, and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the NYFRB as the effective federal funds rate; provided that if the Federal Funds Effective Rate as so determined would be less than 0.0 , such rate shall be deemed to be 0.0 for the purposes of this Agreement. Federal Reserve Board means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States of America. Fee Letter means that certain Fee Letter dated as of December 15, 2022, by and among the Borrower and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Financial Officer means the chief financial officer, principal accounting officer, treasurer or controller of the Borrower. Floor means the benchmark rate floor, if any, provided in this Agreement initially (as of the execution of this Agreement, the modification, amendment or renewal of this Agreement or otherwise) with respect to the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, Adjusted EURIBOR Rate, Adjusted TIBOR Rate, each Adjusted Daily Simple RFR, the Japanese Prime Rate or the Central Bank Rate, as applicable. For the avoidance of doubt the initial Floor for each of Adjusted Term SOFR 
 23 

Rate, Adjusted EURIBOR Rate, Adjusted TIBOR Rate, each Adjusted Daily Simple RFR, the Japanese Prime Rate or the Central Bank Rate shall be 0.0 . Foreign Lender means (a) if the Borrower is a U.S. Person, a Lender that is not a U.S. Person, and (b) if the Borrower is not a U.S. Person, a Lender that is resident or organized under the laws of a jurisdiction other than that in which the Borrower is resident for tax purposes. Foreign Subsidiary means any Subsidiary of the Borrower other than a Domestic Subsidiary. GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America. Governmental Authority means the government of the United States of America, any other nation or any political subdivision thereof, whether state or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government. Guarantee of or by any Person (the guarantor means any obligation, contingent or otherwise, of the guarantor guaranteeing or having the economic effect of guaranteeing any Indebtedness or other obligation of any other Person (the primary obligor in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, and including any obligation of the guarantor, direct or indirect, (a) to purchase or pay (or advance or supply funds for the purchase or payment of) such Indebtedness or other obligation or to purchase (or to advance or supply funds for the purchase of) any security for the payment thereof, (b) to purchase or lease property, securities or services for the purpose of assuring the owner of such Indebtedness or other obligation of the payment thereof, (c) to maintain working capital, equity capital or any other financial statement condition or liquidity of the primary obligor so as to enable the primary obligor to pay such Indebtedness or other obligation or (d) as an account party in respect of any letter of credit or letter of guaranty issued to support such Indebtedness or obligation; provided , that the term Guarantee shall not include endorsements for collection or deposit in the ordinary course of business. Guaranteed Obligations has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 10.01. Guarantors means all of the Borrower s Subsidiaries party hereto as Guarantors as of the Effective Date and any other Subsidiary that becomes party to this Agreement pursuant to a Joinder Agreement. Hazardous Materials means all explosive or radioactive substances or wastes and all hazardous or toxic substances, wastes or other pollutants, including petroleum or petroleum distillates, asbestos or asbestos containing materials, polychlorinated biphenyls, radon gas, infectious or medical wastes and all other substances or wastes of any nature regulated pursuant to any Environmental Law. Indebtedness of any Person means, without duplication, (a) all obligations of such Person for borrowed money or with respect to deposits or advances of any kind, (b) all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or similar instruments, (c) all obligations of such Person upon which interest charges are customarily paid, (d) all obligations of such Person under conditional sale or other title retention agreements relating to property 
 24 

acquired by such Person, (e) all obligations of such Person in respect of the deferred purchase price of property or services (excluding current accounts payable incurred in the ordinary course of business), (f) all Indebtedness of others secured by (or for which the holder of such Indebtedness has an existing right, contingent or otherwise, to be secured by) any Lien on property owned or acquired by such Person, whether or not the Indebtedness secured thereby has been assumed, (g) all Guarantees by such Person of Indebtedness of others, (h) all Capital Lease Obligations of such Person, (i) all obligations, contingent or otherwise, of such Person as an account party in respect of letters of credit, demand guarantees and similar independent undertakings , and (j) all obligations, contingent or otherwise, of such Person in respect of bankers acceptances. The Indebtedness of any Person shall include the Indebtedness of any other entity (including any partnership in which such Person is a general partner) to the extent such Person is liable therefor as a result of such Person s ownership interest in or other relationship with such entity, except to the extent the terms of such Indebtedness provide that such Person is not liable therefor. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this paragraph, the term Indebtedness shall not include (a) obligations under Swap Agreements, or (b) agreements providing for indemnification, purchase price adjustments, earn-outs or similar obligations incurred or assumed in connection with the acquisition or disposition of assets or stock, unless such obligations are treated as indebtedness under GAAP. For the avoidance of doubt, the obligations of the Borrower under any Permitted Warrant Transaction shall not constitute Indebtedness, unless the Borrower makes an election to settle such Permitted Warrant Transaction in cash. Indemnified Taxes means (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in (a) hereof, Other Taxes. Indemnitee has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.03(c). Ineligible Institution has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.04(b). Information has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.12. Interest Election Request means a request by the Borrower to convert or continue a Revolving Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.08, which shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit C or any other form approved by the Administrative Agent. Interest Payment Date means (a) with respect to any ABR Loan (other than a Swingline Loan), the last day of each March, June, September and December and the Maturity Date, (b) with respect to any RFR Loan, (1) each date that is on the numerically corresponding day in each calendar month that is one month after the Borrowing of such Loan (or, if there is no such numerically corresponding day in such month, then the last day of such month) and (2) the Maturity Date, (c) with respect to any Term Benchmark Loan, the last day of each Interest Period applicable to the Borrowing of which such Loan is a part and, in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing with an Interest Period of more than three months duration, each day prior to the last day of such Interest Period that occurs at intervals of three months duration after the first day of such Interest Period, and the Maturity Date and (d) with respect to any Swingline Loan, the day that such Loan is required to be repaid and the Maturity Date. Interest Period means with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing, the period commencing on the date of such Borrowing and ending on the numerically corresponding day in 
 25 

the calendar month that is one, three or six months thereafter (in each case, subject to the availability for the Benchmark applicable to the relevant Loan or Commitment for any Agreed Currency), as the Borrower may elect; provided , that (i) if any Interest Period would end on a day other than a Business Day, such Interest Period shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless such next succeeding Business Day would fall in the next calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day, (ii) any Interest Period that commences on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the last calendar month of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of the last calendar month of such Interest Period and (iii) no tenor that has been removed from this definition pursuant to Section 2.14(e) shall be available for specification in such Borrowing Request or Interest Election Request. For purposes hereof, the date of a Borrowing initially shall be the date on which such Borrowing is made and, in the case of a Revolving Borrowing, thereafter shall be the effective date of the most recent conversion or continuation of such Borrowing. Inventory has the meaning assigned to such term in the UCC. IRS means the United States Internal Revenue Service. ISDA Definitions means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto, as amended or supplemented from time to time, or any successor definitional booklet for interest rate derivatives published from time to time by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or such successor thereto. Issuing Bank means JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and any other Lender that agrees to act as an Issuing Bank (in each case, through itself or through one of its designated affiliates or branch offices), each in its capacity as the issuer of Letters of Credit hereunder, and its successors in such capacity as provided in Section 2.06(i) . Any Issuing Bank may, in its discretion, arrange for one or more Letters of Credit to be issued by Affiliates of such Issuing Bank, in which case the term Issuing Bank shall include any such Affiliate with respect to Letters of Credit issued by such Affiliate. Each reference herein to the Issuing Bank in connection with a Letter of Credit or other matter shall be deemed to be a reference to the relevant Issuing Bank with respect thereto. Japanese Prime Rate means for any Loan denominated in Yen the greater of (a) (i) the Japanese local bank prime rate plus (ii) the Japanese Prime Rate Adjustment and (b) the Floor. Japanese Prime Rate Adjustment means, for any day, for any Loan denominated in Yen, a rate equal to the difference (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) of (i) the average of the Adjusted TIBOR Rate for the five most recent Business Days preceding such day for which the TIBOR Screen Rate was available (excluding, from such averaging, the highest and the lowest Adjusted TIBOR Rate applicable during such period of five Business Days) minus (ii) the Japanese Prime Rate in effect on the last Business Day in such period. For purposes of this definition, the TIBOR Rate on any day shall be based on the TIBOR Screen Rate on such day at approximately the time referred to in the definition of such term for deposits in Yen for a maturity of one month. Joinder Agreement means a Joinder Agreement in substantially the form of Exhibit D. 
 26 

LC Disbursement means a payment made by an Issuing Bank pursuant to a Letter of Credit. LC Exposure means, at any time, the sum of (a) the aggregate undrawn amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit at such time, plus (b) the aggregate amount of all LC Disbursements that have not yet been reimbursed by or on behalf of the Borrower at such time. The LC Exposure of any Lender at any time shall be its Applicable Percentage of the LC Exposure at such time. For all purposes of this Agreement, if on any date of determination a Letter of Credit has expired by its terms but any amount may still be drawn thereunder by reason of the operation of Article 29(a) of the Uniform Customs and Practice for Documentary Credits, International Chamber of Commerce Publication No. 600 (or such later version thereof as may be in effect at the applicable time) or Rule 3.13 or Rule 3.14 of the International Standby Practices, International Chamber of Commerce Publication No. 590 (or such later version thereof as may be in effect at the applicable time) or similar terms in the governing rules or laws or of the Letter of Credit itself, or if compliant documents have been presented but not yet honored, such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be outstanding and undrawn in the amount so remaining available to be paid, and the obligations of the Borrower and each Lender shall remain in full force and effect until the Issuing Bank and the Lenders shall have no further obligations to make any payments or disbursements under any circumstances with respect to any Letter of Credit. Lender Parent means, with respect to any Lender, any Person as to which such Lender is, directly or indirectly, a subsidiary. Lender Parties means (a) the Lenders, (b) each provider of Banking Services, to the extent the Banking Services Obligations in respect thereof constitute Obligations, (c) each counterparty to any Swap Agreement, to the extent the obligations thereunder constitute Obligations, (d) the beneficiaries of each indemnification obligation undertaken by any Loan Party under any Loan Document and (e) the successors and assigns of each of the foregoing. Lender-Related Person has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.03(b). Lenders means the Persons listed on Schedule 2.01 and any other Person that shall have become a party hereto pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption or otherwise, other than any such Person that ceases to be a party hereto pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption or otherwise. Unless the context otherwise requires, the term Lenders includes the Swingline Lender and the Issuing Banks. Letter of Credit means any letter of credit issued pursuant to this Agreement and shall include each Existing Letter of Credit. A Letter of Credit may be issued in Dollars or in any Alternative Currency. Letter of Credit Agreement has the meaning assigned to it in Section 2.06(b). Letter of Credit Commitment means, with respect to each Issuing Bank, the commitment of such Issuing Bank to issue Letters of Credit hereunder. The initial amount of each Issuing Bank s Letter of Credit Commitment is set forth on Schedule 2.01C, or if an Issuing Bank has entered into an Assignment and Assumption or has otherwise assumed a Letter of Credit Commitment after the Effective Date, the amount set forth for such Issuing Bank as its Letter of Credit Commitment in the Register maintained by the Administrative Agent. The Letter of Credit Commitment of an Issuing Bank may be modified from time to time by agreement 
 27 

between such Issuing Bank and the Borrower, and notified to the Administrative Agent. The aggregate amount of the Lenders Letter of Credit Commitments on the Effective Date is 30,000,000. Liabilities means any losses, claims (including intraparty claims), demands, damages or liabilities of any kind. Lien means, with respect to any asset, (a) any mortgage, deed of trust, lien, pledge, hypothecation, encumbrance, charge or security interest in, on or of such asset, (b) the interest of a vendor or a lessor under any conditional sale agreement, capital lease or title retention agreement (or any financing lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing) relating to such asset and (c) in the case of securities, any purchase option, call or similar right of a third party with respect to such securities. LLC means any Person that is a limited liability company under the laws of its jurisdiction of formation. Loan Documents means this Agreement, including schedules and exhibits hereto, and any agreements entered into in connection herewith by the Borrower or any Loan Party with or in favor of the Administrative Agent and/or the Lenders, including this Agreement, the Engagement Letter, the Fee Letter, any notes made by the Borrower in favor of the Lenders, and any amendments, modifications or supplements thereto or waivers thereof. Loan Guaranty means Article 10 of this Agreement. Loan Parties means the Borrower and each Guarantor. Loans means the loans made by the Lenders to the Borrower pursuant to this Agreement. Margin Stock means margin stock within the meaning of Regulations T, U and X, as applicable. Material Adverse Effect means a material adverse effect on (a) the business, assets, operations, or condition, financial or otherwise, of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries taken as a whole, (b) the ability of the Loan Parties, taken as a whole, to perform any of the Obligations or (c) the rights of or benefits available to the Lenders under this Agreement or any other Loan Document. Material Agreements means all material agreements of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries set forth on the exhibits to Borrower s Form 10-K. Material Indebtedness means Indebtedness (other than the Loans and Letters of Credit), or obligations in respect of one or more Swap Agreements, of any one or more of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in an aggregate principal amount exceeding 75,000,000. For purposes of determining Material Indebtedness, the principal amount of the obligations of the Borrower or any Subsidiary in respect of any Swap Agreement at any time shall be the maximum aggregate amount (giving effect to any netting agreements) that the Borrower or such Subsidiary would be required to pay if such Swap Agreement were terminated at such time. 
 28 

Material Intellectual Property means intellectual property that is material to the business of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole (as reasonably determined by the Borrower). Maturity Date means the earlier to occur of (x) December 15 , 2027 and (y) the date that is 6 months prior to the stated maturity date of the Axon 2027 Convertible Senior Notes unless the Axon 2027 Convertible Senior Notes have been redeemed, repurchased, converted or defeased in full, and any Refinance Indebtedness incurred in connection therewith with a stated maturity date of at least 6 months after the date that is 5 years from the Effective Date; provided, however, in each case, if such date is not a Business Day, the Maturity Date shall be the next preceding Business Day. Maximum Rate has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.14. Moody s means Moody s Investors Service, Inc. Multiemployer Plan means a multiemployer plan as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA. Net Leverage Ratio means, on any date, the ratio of (a) (i) Consolidated Total Indebtedness on such date minus (ii) the Unrestricted Cash Amount on such date in excess of 10,000,000 and not to exceed an amount equal to the result of two (2) multiplied by EBIDTA for the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters then ended for which financial statements have been delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or Section 5.01(b) to (b) EBITDA for the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters then ended for which financial statements have been delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or Section 5.01(b). NYFRB means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. NYFRB Rate means, for any day, the greater of (a) the Federal Funds Effective Rate in effect on such day and (b) the Overnight Bank Funding Rate in effect on such day (or for any day that is not a Business Day, for the immediately preceding Business Day); provided that if none of such rates are published for any day that is a Business Day, the term NYFRB Rate means the rate for a federal funds transaction quoted at 11:00 a.m. on such day received by the Administrative Agent from a federal funds broker of recognized standing selected by it; provided , further , that if any of the aforesaid rates as so determined shall be less than 0.0 , such rate shall be deemed to be 0.0 for purposes of this Agreement. NYFRB s Website means the website of the NYFRB at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source. Obligations means all advances to, and debts, liabilities, obligations, covenants and duties of, the Borrower arising under any Loan Document or otherwise with respect to any Loan or Letter of Credit, whether direct or indirect (including those acquired by assumption), absolute or contingent, due or to become due, now existing or hereafter arising and including interest and fees that accrue after the commencement by or against the Borrower or any Affiliate thereof of any proceeding under any debtor relief laws naming such Person as the debtor in such proceeding, regardless of whether such interest and fees are allowed or allowable claims in such proceeding, together with all (i) Banking Service Obligations and (ii) Swap Agreement Obligations of any of the Loan Parties to the Lender, its Affiliates or any indemnified party, 
 29 

individually or collectively, existing on the Effective Date or arising thereafter, direct or indirect, joint or several, absolute or contingent, matured or unmatured, liquidated or unliquidated, secured or unsecured, arising by contract, operation of law or otherwise, arising or incurred under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents or in respect of any of the Loans made or reimbursement or other obligations incurred or any of the Letters of Credit or other instruments at any time evidencing any thereof; provided, however, that the definition of Obligations shall not create any guarantee by any Guarantor of any Excluded Swap Obligations of such Guarantor for purposes of determining any obligations of any Guarantor. Without limiting the foregoing, the Obligations include (a) the obligation to pay principal, interest, Letter of Credit commissions, charges, expenses, fees, indemnities and other amounts payable by the Borrower under any Loan Document and (b) the obligation of the Borrower to reimburse any amount in respect of any of the foregoing that the Administrative Agent or any Lender, in each case in its sole discretion, may elect to pay or advance on behalf of the Borrower. For the avoidance of doubt, the term Obligations shall not include any payments or other obligations in respect of any Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction or any Permitted Warrant Transaction. Other Connection Taxes means, with respect to any Recipient, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such Recipient and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising from such Recipient having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan, Letter of Credit or Loan Document). Other Taxes means all present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes that arise from any payment made under, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document, except any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment (other than an assignment made pursuant to Section 2.19). Overnight Bank Funding Rate means, for any day, the rate comprised of both overnight federal funds and overnight eurodollar transactions denominated in Dollars by U.S.-managed banking offices of depository institutions, as such composite rate shall be determined by the NYFRB as set forth on the NYFRB s Website from time to time, and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the NYFRB as an overnight bank funding rate. Overnight Rate means, for any day, (a) with respect to any amount denominated in Dollars, the NYFRB Rate and (b) with respect to any amount denominated in an Alternative Currency, an overnight rate determined by the Administrative Agent or the Issuing Banks, as the case may be, in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation. Participant has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04(c). Participating Member State means any member state of the European Union that has the euro as its lawful currency in accordance with legislation of the European Union relating to Economic and Monetary Union. Participant Register has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04(c). Patriot Act has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.16. 
 30 

Payment has the meaning assigned to it in Section 8.06(c). Payment Notice has the meaning assigned to it in Section 8.06(c). PBGC means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation referred to and defined in ERISA and any successor entity performing similar functions. Permitted Acquisition means any Acquisition by Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in a transaction that satisfies each of the following requirements: (a) such Acquisition is not a hostile or contested acquisition, in each case, as reasonably determined by the Borrower, in consultation with the Administrative Agent; (b) the business acquired in connection with such Acquisition is not engaged, directly or indirectly, in any line of business other than the businesses in which the Borrower and its Subsidiaries are engaged on the Effective Date and any business activities that are substantially similar, related, incidental or complementary thereto or useful in the operation of the business of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries; (c) both before and after giving effect to such Acquisition and the Loans (if any) requested to be made in connection therewith, each of the representations and warranties in the Loan Documents is true and correct (except (i) any such representation or warranty which relates to a specified prior date and (ii) to the extent the Lenders have been notified in writing by the Loan Parties that any representation or warranty is not correct and the Lenders have explicitly waived in writing compliance with such representation or warranty) and no Default exists, will exist, or would result therefrom; (d) with respect to any such Acquisition with a purchase price equal to or greater than 75,000,000, not less than five (5) days prior to such Acquisition, the Borrower has provided the Administrative Agent (i) notice of such Acquisition and (ii) a copy of all business and financial information reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent including pro forma financial statements, statements of cash flow, and Availability projections; (e) if such Acquisition is an acquisition of the Equity Interests of a Person, such Acquisition is structured so that the acquired Person shall become a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of the Borrower or one of its Subsidiaries; (f) if such Acquisition is an acquisition of assets, such Acquisition is structured so that the Borrower or one of its Subsidiaries shall acquire such assets; (g) if such Acquisition is an acquisition of Equity Interests, such Acquisition will not result in any violation of Regulation U; (h) if such Acquisition involves a merger or a consolidation involving the Borrower or one of its Subsidiaries, the Borrower or such Subsidiary (including the target of such Acquisition to the extent it becomes a Loan Party pursuant to Section 5.09), as applicable, shall be the surviving entity; 
 31 

(i) neither the Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries shall, as a result of or in connection with any such Acquisition, assume or incur any direct or contingent liabilities (whether relating to environmental, tax, litigation, or other matters) that could have a Material Adverse Effect; (j) in connection with an Acquisition of the Equity Interests of any Person, all Liens on property of such Person, other than Liens permitted pursuant to section 6.02(c), shall be terminated unless the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion consents otherwise, and in connection with an Acquisition of the assets of any Person, all Liens on such assets shall be terminated; (k) after giving effect to the completion of such Acquisition, on a pro forma basis, the Borrower s Net Leverage Ratio is no greater than 3.25 to 1.00 and, with respect to any such Acquisition with a purchase price equal to or greater than 75,000,000, the Borrower shall certify to the Administrative Agent (and provide the Administrative Agent with an accompanying pro forma calculation in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent); (l) all actions required to be taken with respect to any newly acquired or formed Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of a Loan Party required under Section 5.09 shall have been taken; and (m) with respect to any such Acquisition with a purchase price equal to or greater than 75,000,000, the Borrower shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent the final executed material documentation relating to such Acquisition within 30 days following the consummation thereof. Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction means any call or capped call option (or substantively equivalent derivative transaction) relating to Borrower s common stock (or other securities or property following a merger event, reclassification or other change of the common stock of Borrower) purchased by Borrower in connection with the issuance of any Permitted Convertible Indebtedness and settled in common stock of Borrower (or such other securities or property), cash or a combination thereof (such amount of cash determined by reference to the price of Borrower s common stock or such other securities or property), and cash in lieu of fractional shares of common stock of Borrower. Permitted Convertible Indebtedness means senior, unsecured Indebtedness of the Borrower in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed 690,000,000 having an original issuance date on December 9, 2022 that is (x) convertible into shares of common stock of Borrower (or other securities or property following a merger event, reclassification or other change of the common stock of Borrower), cash or a combination thereof (such amount of cash determined by reference to the price of Borrower s common stock or such other securities or property), and cash in lieu of fractional shares of common stock of Borrower and (y) not mandatorily redeemable prior to the Maturity Date; provided that such Indebtedness shall not be considered to be mandatorily redeemable on account of either (I) the right of holders to require Borrower to repurchase such Indebtedness in connection with a fundamental change or (II) the right of holders to convert such Indebtedness, in each case, in accordance with the terms of the indenture governing the Permitted Convertible Indebtedness. Permitted Encumbrances means: 
 32 

(a) Liens imposed by law for Taxes that are not yet due or are being contested in compliance with Section 5.04; (b) carriers , warehousemen s, mechanics , materialmen s, repairmen s and other like Liens imposed by law, arising in the ordinary course of business and securing obligations that are not overdue by more than 30 days or are being contested in compliance with Section 5.04; (c) pledges and deposits made in the ordinary course of business in compliance with workers compensation, unemployment insurance and other social security laws or regulations; (d) deposits to secure the performance of bids, trade contracts, leases, statutory obligations, surety and appeal bonds, performance bonds and other obligations of a like nature, in each case in the ordinary course of business; (e) judgment liens in respect of judgments that do not constitute an Event of Default under Section 7.01(k); (f) easements, zoning restrictions, rights-of-way and similar encumbrances on real property imposed by law or arising in the ordinary course of business that do not secure any monetary obligations and do not materially detract from the value of the affected property or interfere with the ordinary conduct of business of the Borrower or any Subsidiary; (g) leases, licenses, subleases or sublicenses granted to third parties in the ordinary course of business and not interfering in any material respect with the ordinary conduct of business of the Borrower or any Subsidiary; (h) Liens in favor of a banking or other financial institution arising as a matter of law or in the ordinary course of business under customary general terms and conditions encumbering deposits or other funds maintained with a financial institution (including the right of set-off) and that are within the general parameters customary in the banking industry or arising pursuant to such banking institution s general terms and conditions; (i) Liens on specific items of inventory or other goods (other than fixed or capital assets) and proceeds thereof of any Person securing such Person s obligations in respect of bankers acceptances or letters of credit issued or created for the account of such Person to facilitate the purchase, shipment or storage of such inventory or other goods in the ordinary course of business; (j) Liens in favor of customs and revenue authorities arising as a matter of law to secure payment of customs duties in connection with the importation of goods in the ordinary course of business so long as such Liens only cover the related goods; and (k) Liens encumbering reasonable customary initial deposits and margin deposits and similar Liens attaching to commodity trading accounts or other brokerage accounts incurred in the ordinary course of business and not for speculative purposes; 
 33 

provided that the term Permitted Encumbrances shall not include any Lien securing Indebtedness. Permitted Investments means: (a) direct obligations of, or obligations the principal of and interest on which are unconditionally guaranteed by, the United States of America (or by any agency thereof to the extent such obligations are backed by the full faith and credit of the United States of America), in each case maturing within one year from the date of acquisition thereof; (b) investments in commercial paper maturing within 270 days from the date of acquisition thereof and having, at such date of acquisition, the highest credit rating obtainable from S P or from Moody (c) investments in certificates of deposit, banker s acceptances and time deposits maturing within 180 days from the date of acquisition thereof issued or guaranteed by or placed with, and money market deposit accounts issued or offered by, any domestic office of any commercial bank organized under the laws of the United States of America or any State thereof which has a combined capital and surplus and undivided profits of not less than 500,000,000; (d) fully collateralized repurchase agreements with a term of not more than 30 days for securities described in clause (a) above and entered into with a financial institution satisfying the criteria described in clause (c) above; (e) money market funds that (i) comply with the criteria set forth in SEC Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act of 1940, (ii) are rated AAA by S P and Aaa by Moody s and (iii) have portfolio assets of at least 5,000,000,000; and (f) any investment in compliance with Borrower s investment policy as provided to the Administrative Agent and which policy may be amended form time to time by the Borrower s board of directors upon written notice to the Administrative Agent. Permitted Warrant Transaction means any call option, warrant or right to purchase (or substantively equivalent derivative transaction) relating to Borrower s common stock (or other securities or property following a merger event, reclassification or other change of the common stock of Borrower) sold by Borrower substantially concurrently with any purchase by Borrower of a Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction and settled in common stock of Borrower (or such other securities or property), cash or a combination thereof (such amount of cash determined by reference to the price of Borrower s common stock or such other securities or property), and cash in lieu of fractional shares of common stock of Borrower. Person means any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association, company, partnership, Governmental Authority or other entity. Plan means any employee pension benefit plan (other than a Multiemployer Plan) subject to the provisions of Title IV of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA, and in respect of which the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate is (or, if such plan were 
 34 

terminated, would under Section 4069 of ERISA be deemed to be) an employer as defined in Section 3(5) of ERISA. Plan Asset Regulations means 29 CFR 2510.3-101 et seq., as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA, as amended from time to time. Prime Rate means the rate of interest last quoted by The Wall Street Journal as the Prime Rate in the U.S. or, if The Wall Street Journal ceases to quote such rate, the highest per annum interest rate published by the Federal Reserve Board in Federal Reserve Statistical Release H.15 (519) (Selected Interest Rates) as the bank prime loan rate or, if such rate is no longer quoted therein, any similar rate quoted therein (as determined by the Administrative Agent) or any similar release by the Federal Reserve Board (as determined by the Administrative Agent). Each change in the Prime Rate shall be effective from and including the date such change is publicly announced or quoted as being effective. Proceeding means any claim, litigation, investigation, action, suit, arbitration or administrative, judicial or regulatory action or proceeding in any jurisdiction. PTE means a prohibited transaction class exemption issued by the U.S. Department of Labor, as any such exemption may be amended from time to time. Public-Sider means a Lender whose representatives may trade in securities of the Borrower or its Controlling person or any of its Subsidiaries while in possession of the financial statements provided by the Borrower under the terms of this Agreement. QFC has the meaning assigned to the term qualified financial contract in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 5390(c)(8)(D). QFC Credit Support has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.18. Qualified ECP Guarantor means, in respect of any Swap Obligation, each Loan Party that has total assets exceeding 10,000,000 at the time the relevant Loan Guaranty or grant of the relevant security interest becomes or would become effective with respect to such Swap Obligation or such other person as constitutes an eligible contract participant under the Commodity Exchange Act or any regulations promulgated thereunder and can cause another person to qualify as an eligible contract participant at such time by entering into a keepwell under Section 1a(18)(A)(v)(II) of the Commodity Exchange Act. Qualified Securitization Facility means any Securitization Facility (a) constituting a securitization financing facility that meets the following conditions: (i) the board of directors or management of the Borrower shall have determined in good faith that such Securitization Facility is in the aggregate economically fair and reasonable to the Borrower, and (ii) all sales and/or contributions of Securitization Assets and related assets to the applicable Securitization Subsidiary are made at fair market value (as determined in good faith by the Borrower) or (b) constituting a receivables or payables financing or factoring facility (including in respect of any accounts receivable and related assets and property from time to time originated, acquired or otherwise owned by the Borrower or any Subsidiary). Recipient means (a) the Administrative Agent, (b) any Lender and (c) any Issuing Bank, as applicable. 
 35 

Reference Time with respect to any setting of the then-current Benchmark means (1) if such Benchmark is the Term SOFR Rate, 5:00 a.m. (Chicago time) on the day that is two U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the date of such setting, (2) if such Benchmark is EURIBOR Rate, 11:00 a.m. Brussels time two TARGET Days preceding the date of such setting, (3) if such Benchmark is TIBOR Rate, 11:00 a.m. Japan time two Business Days preceding the date of such setting, (4) if the RFR for such Benchmark is SONIA, then four RFR Business Days prior to such setting, (5) if the RFR for such Benchmark is SARON, then five RFR Business Days prior to such setting , (6) if the RFR for such Benchmark is Daily Simple SOFR, then four RFR Business Days prior to such setting or (7) if such Benchmark is none of the Term SOFR Rate, the EURIBOR Rate, the TIBOR Rate, SONIA or SARON, the time determined by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion. Register has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04(b). Regulation D means Regulation D of the Federal Reserve Board, as in effect from time to time and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof. Regulation T means Regulation T of the Federal Reserve Board, as in effect from time to time and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof. Regulation U means Regulation U of the Federal Reserve Board, as in effect from time to time and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof. Regulation X means Regulation X of the Federal Reserve Board, as in effect from time to time and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof. Related Parties means, with respect to any specified Person, such Person s Affiliates and the respective directors, officers, employees, agents and advisors of such Person and such Person s Affiliates. Relevant Governmental Body means (i) with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of Loans denominated in Dollars, the Federal Reserve Board and/or the NYFRB, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the NYFRB or, in each case, any successor thereto, (ii) with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of Loans denominated in Sterling, the Bank of England, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Bank of England or, in each case, any successor thereto, (iii) with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of Loans denominated in Euros, the European Central Bank, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the European Central Bank or, in each case, any successor thereto, (iv) with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of Loans denominated in Swiss Francs, the Swiss National Bank, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Swiss National Bank or, in each case, any successor thereto, (v) with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of Loans denominated in Yen, the Bank of Japan, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Bank of Japan or, in each case, any successor thereto, and (vi) with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of Loans denominated in any other currency, (a) the central bank for the currency in which such Benchmark Replacement is denominated or any central bank or other supervisor which is responsible for supervising either (1) such Benchmark Replacement or (2) the administrator of such Benchmark Replacement or (b) any working group or committee officially endorsed or convened by (1) the central bank for the currency in which such Benchmark Replacement is denominated, (2) any central bank or other supervisor that is responsible for supervising either (A) such Benchmark Replacement or (B) the 
 36 

administrator of such Benchmark Replacement, (3) a group of those central banks or other supervisors or (4) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. Relevant Rate means (i) with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars, the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, (ii) with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Euros, the Adjusted EURIBOR Rate, (iii) with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Yen, the Adjusted TIBOR Rate, as applicable or (iv) with respect to any Borrowing denominated in Sterling or Swiss Francs or Dollars, the applicable Adjusted Daily Simple RFR, as applicable. Relevant Screen Rate means (i) with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, (ii) with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Euros, the EURIBOR Screen Rate or (iii) with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Yen, the TIBOR Screen Rate, as applicable, as applicable. Required Lenders means, subject to Section 2.20, (a) at any time prior to the earlier of the Loans becoming due and payable pursuant to Section 7.01 or the Commitments terminating or expiring, Lenders having Revolving Credit Exposures and Unfunded Commitments representing at least 50 of the sum of the Total Revolving Credit Exposure and Unfunded Commitments at such time, provided that, solely for purposes of declaring the Loans to be due and payable pursuant to Section 7.01, the Unfunded Commitment of each Lender shall be deemed to be zero; and (b) for all purposes after the Loans become due and payable pursuant to Section 7.01 or the Commitments expire or terminate, Lenders having Revolving Credit Exposures representing at least 50 of the Total Revolving Credit Exposure at such time; provided that, in the case of clauses (a) and (b) above, (x) the Revolving Credit Exposure of a Lender that is the Swingline Lender shall be deemed to exclude any amount of its Swingline Exposure in excess of its Applicable Percentage of all outstanding Swingline Loans, adjusted to give effect to any reallocation under Section 2.20 of the Swingline Exposures of Defaulting Lenders in effect at such time, and the Unfunded Commitment of such Lender shall be determined on the basis of its Revolving Credit Exposure excluding such excess amount , (y) for the purpose of determining the Required Lenders needed for any waiver, amendment, modification or consent of or under this Agreement or any other Loan Document, any Lender that is the Borrower or an Affiliate of the Borrower shall be disregarded and (z) in no event shall Required Lenders include fewer than two (2) unaffiliated Lenders at any time when there are two (2) or more unaffiliated Lenders. Required Subsidiary Guarantor means, as of any date of determination, each Domestic Subsidiary which, as of the most recent fiscal quarter of the Borrower, for the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters then ended for which financial statements have been delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or Section 5.01(b), contributed greater than (a) five percent of EBITDA for such period or (b) five percent of Consolidated Total Assets as of the last day of such period; provided that, if at any time the aggregate amount of EBITDA or Consolidated Total Assets attributable to all Subsidiaries that are not Guarantors exceeds ten percent of EBITDA for any such period or ten percent of Consolidated Total Assets as of the last day of any such fiscal quarter, then the Borrower shall, pursuant to Section 5.01(d), designate in the Compliance Certificate required to be delivered for such fiscal quarter or fiscal year, as applicable, sufficient Domestic Subsidiaries as Required Subsidiary Guarantors to eliminate such excess, and upon the delivery of such Compliance Certificate to the Administrative Agent, such designated Subsidiaries shall for all purposes of this Agreement constitute Required Subsidiary Guarantors and each shall be required to become a Guarantor pursuant to Section 5.09. In the event that the 
 37 

Borrower fails to designate sufficient additional Subsidiaries as Required Subsidiary Guarantors in the Compliance Certificate as aforesaid, the Administrative Agent may, by written notice to the Borrower, designate sufficient Domestic Subsidiaries as Required Subsidiary Guarantors on the Borrower behalf, to eliminate such excess, and upon delivery of such written notice to the Borrower, such designated Subsidiaries shall for all purposes of this Agreement constitute Required Subsidiary Guarantors and each shall be required to become a Guarantor pursuant to Section 5.09. In no event shall a Securitization Subsidiary be designated as a Required Subsidiary Guarantor. Requirement of Law means, with respect to any Person, (a) the charter, articles or certificate of organization or incorporation and bylaws or operating, management or partnership agreement, or other organizational or governing documents of such Person and (b) any statute, law (including common law), treaty, rule, regulation, code, ordinance, order, decree, writ, judgment, injunction or determination of any arbitrator or court or other Governmental Authority (including Environmental Laws), in each case applicable to or binding upon such Person or any of its property or to which such Person or any of its property is subject. Resolution Authority means an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority. Responsible Officer means, as to any Person, the chief executive officer, president or any Financial Officer of such Person. Unless otherwise specified, all references to a Responsible Officer herein shall mean a Responsible Officer of the Borrower. Restricted Payment means any dividend or other distribution (whether in cash, securities or other property) with respect to any Equity Interests in the Borrower or any Subsidiary, or any payment (whether in cash, securities or other property), including any sinking fund or similar deposit, on account of the purchase, redemption, retirement, acquisition, cancellation or termination of any such Equity Interests or any option, warrant or other right to acquire any such Equity Interests. Reuters means, as applicable, Thomson Reuters Corp., Refinitiv, or any successor thereto. Revaluation Date shall mean (a) with respect to any Loan denominated in any Alternative Currency, each of the following: (i) the date of the Borrowing of such Loan and (ii) (A) with respect to any Term Benchmark Loan, each date of a conversion into or continuation of such Loan pursuant to the terms of this Agreement and (B) with respect to any RFR Loan, each date that is on the numerically corresponding day in each calendar month that is one month after the Borrowing of such Loan (or, if there is no such numerically corresponding day in such month, then the last day of such month); (b) with respect to any Letter of Credit denominated in an Alternative Currency, each of the following: (i) the date on which such Letter of Credit is issued, (ii) the first Business Day of each calendar month and (iii) the date of any amendment of such Letter of Credit that has the effect of increasing the face amount thereof; and (c) any additional date as the Administrative Agent may determine at any time when an Event of Default exists. Revolving Borrowing means Revolving Loans of the same Type and Agreed Currency, made, converted or continued on the same date and, in the case of Term Benchmark Loans, as to which a single Interest Period is in effect. 
 38 

Revolving Credit Exposure means, with respect to any Lender at any time, the sum of the outstanding principal amount of such Lender s Revolving Loans, its LC Exposure and its Swingline Exposure at such time. Revolving Loan means a Loan made pursuant to Section 2.03. RFR means, for any RFR Loan denominated in (a) Sterling, SONIA, (b) Swiss Francs, SARON and (c) Dollars, Daily Simple SOFR. RFR Borrowing means, as to any Borrowing, the RFR Loans comprising such Borrowing. RFR Business Day means, for any Loan denominated in (a) Sterling, any day except for (i) a Saturday, (ii) a Sunday or (iii) a day on which banks are closed for general business in London, (b) Swiss Francs, any day except for (i) a Saturday, (ii) a Sunday or (iii) a day on which banks are closed for the settlement of payments and foreign exchange transactions in Zurich and (c) Dollars, a U.S. Government Securities Business Day. RFR Interest Day has the meaning specified in the definition of Daily Simple RFR . RFR Loan means a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR. S P means Standard Poor s Rating Services, a Standard Poor s Financial Services LLC business. Sanctioned Country means, at any time, a country, region or territory which is itself the subject or target of any Sanctions (at the time of this Agreement, the so-called Donetsk People s Republic, the so-called Luhansk People s Republic, the Crimea Region of Ukraine, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria and the non-government controlled areas of Zaporizhzhia and Kherson). Sanctioned Person means, at any time, (a) any Person listed in any Sanctions-related list of designated Persons maintained by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury, the U.S. Department of State, the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, any European Union member state, His Majesty s Treasury of the United Kingdom or other relevant sanctions authority, (b) any Person operating, organized or resident in a Sanctioned Country, (c) any Person owned or controlled by any such Person or Persons described in the foregoing clauses (a) or (b), or (d) any Person otherwise the subject of any Sanctions. Sanctions means all economic or financial sanctions or trade embargoes imposed, administered or enforced from time to time by (a) the U.S. government, including those administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury or the U.S. Department of State, or (b) the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, any European Union member state, His Majesty s Treasury of the United Kingdom or other relevant sanctions authority. 
 39 

SARON means, with respect to any Business Day, a rate per annum equal to the Swiss Average Rate Overnight for such Business Day published by the SARON Administrator on the SARON Administrator s Website. SARON Administrator means the SIX Swiss Exchange AG (or any successor administrator of the Swiss Average Rate Overnight ). SARON Administrator s Website means SIX Swiss Exchange AG s website, currently at https://www.six-group.com, or any successor source for the Swiss Average Rate Overnight identified as such by the SARON Administrator from time to time. SEC means the Securities and Exchange Commission of the United State of America. Securitization Assets means the accounts receivable, royalty or other revenue streams and other rights to payment and any other assets subject to a Qualified Securitization Facility and the proceeds thereof. Securitization Facility means any of one or more receivables, factoring or securitization financing facilities as amended, supplemented, modified, extended, renewed, restated or refunded from time to time, the obligations of which are non-recourse (except for customary representations, warranties, covenants and indemnities made in connection with such facilities) to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (other than a Securitization Subsidiary) pursuant to which the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries sells or grants a security interest in its accounts receivable, payables or Securitization Assets or assets related thereto to either (a) a Person that is not a Subsidiary or (b) a Securitization Subsidiary that in turn sells its accounts receivable, payable or Securitization Assets or assets related thereto to a Person that is not a Subsidiary. Securitization Subsidiary means any Subsidiary formed for the purpose of, and that solely engages only in one or more Qualified Securitization Facilities and other activities reasonably related thereto. SOFR means a rate equal to the secured overnight financing rate as administered by the SOFR Administrator. SOFR Administrator means the NYFRB (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate). SOFR Administrator s Website means the NYFRB s website, currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source for the secured overnight financing rate identified as such by the SOFR Administrator from time to time. SOFR Determination Date has the meaning specified in the definition of Daily Simple SOFR . SOFR Rate Day has the meaning specified in the definition of Daily Simple SOFR . SONIA means, with respect to any Business Day, a rate per annum equal to the Sterling Overnight Index Average for such Business Day published by the SONIA Administrator on the SONIA Administrator s Website on the immediately succeeding Business Day. 
 40 

SONIA Administrator means the Bank of England (or any successor administrator of the Sterling Overnight Index Average). SONIA Administrator s Website means the Bank of England s website, currently at http://www.bankofengland.co.uk, or any successor source for the Sterling Overnight Index Average identified as such by the SONIA Administrator from time to time. Statutory Reserve Rate means a fraction (expressed as a decimal), the numerator of which is the number one and the denominator of which is the number one minus the aggregate of the maximum reserve percentage (including any marginal, special, emergency or supplemental reserves) expressed as a decimal established by the Federal Reserve Board to which the Administrative Agent is subject with respect to the Adjusted EURIBOR Rate or Adjusted TIBOR Rate, as applicable, for eurocurrency funding (currently referred to as Eurocurrency liabilities in Regulation D) or any other reserve ratio or analogous requirement of any central banking or financial regulatory authority imposed in respect of the maintenance of the Commitments or the funding of the Loans. Such reserve percentage shall include those imposed pursuant to Regulation D. Term Benchmark Loans for which the associated Benchmark is adjusted by reference to the Statutory Reserve Rate (per the related definition of such Benchmark) shall be deemed to constitute eurocurrency funding and to be subject to such reserve requirements without benefit of or credit for proration, exemptions or offsets that may be available from time to time to any Lender under Regulation D or any comparable regulation. The Statutory Reserve Rate shall be adjusted automatically on and as of the effective date of any change in any reserve percentage. Sterling or mean the lawful currency of the United Kingdom. subsidiary means, with respect to any Person (the parent at any date, any corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association or other entity the accounts of which would be consolidated with those of the parent in the parent s consolidated financial statements if such financial statements were prepared in accordance with GAAP as of such date, as well as any other corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association or other entity (a) of which securities or other ownership interests representing more than 50 of the equity or more than 50 of the ordinary voting power or, in the case of a partnership, more than 50 of the general partnership interests are, as of such date, owned, controlled or held, or (b) that is, as of such date, otherwise Controlled by the parent and/or one or more subsidiaries of the parent. Subsidiary means any subsidiary of the Borrower. Supported QFC has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.18. Swap Agreement means any agreement with respect to any swap, forward, future or derivative transaction or option or similar agreement involving, or settled by reference to, one or more rates, currencies, commodities, equity or debt instruments or securities, or economic, financial or pricing indices or measures of economic, financial or pricing risk or value or any similar transaction or any combination of these transactions; provided that no phantom stock or similar plan providing for payments only on account of services provided by current or former directors, officers, employees or consultants of the Borrower or the Subsidiaries shall be a Swap Agreement; provided, further , that neither a Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction nor a Permitted Warrant Transaction shall constitute a Swap Agreement. 
 41 

Swap Agreement Obligations means any and all obligations of the Loan Parties or their Subsidiaries, whether absolute or contingent and howsoever and whensoever created, arising, evidenced or acquired (including all renewals, extensions and modifications thereof and substitutions therefor), under (a) any Swap Agreement permitted hereunder with any Lender or an Affiliate of such Lender, and (b) any cancellations, buy backs, reversals, terminations or assignments of any Swap Agreement transaction permitted hereunder with any Lender or an Affiliate of such Lender. Swap Obligation means, with respect to any Guarantor, any obligation to pay or perform under any agreement, contract or transaction that constitutes a swap within the meaning of section 1a(47) of the Commodity Exchange Act or any rules or regulations promulgated thereunder. Swingline Commitment means as to any Lender (i) the amount set forth opposite such Lender s name on Schedule 2.01B attached hereto or (ii) if such Lender has entered into an Assignment and Assumption or has otherwise assumed a Swingline Commitment after the Effective Date, the amount set forth for such Lender as its Swingline Commitment in the Register maintained by the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 9.04(b)(iv). Swingline Exposure means, at any time, the aggregate principal amount of all Swingline Loans outstanding at such time. The Swingline Exposure of any Lender at any time shall be the sum of (a) its Applicable Percentage of the aggregate principal amount of all Swingline Loans outstanding at such time (excluding, in the case of a Lender that is the Swingline Lender, Swingline Loans made by it that are outstanding at such time to the extent that the other Lenders shall not have funded their participations in such Swingline Loans), adjusted to give effect to any reallocation under Section 2.20 of the Swingline Exposure of Defaulting Lenders in effect at such time, and (b) in the case of a Lender that is the Swingline Lender, the aggregate principal amount of all Swingline Loans made by such Lender outstanding at such time, less the amount of participations funded by the other Lenders in such Swingline Loans. Swingline Lender means JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (or any of its designated branch offices or affiliates), in its capacity as a lender of Swingline Loans hereunder. Swingline Loan means a Loan made pursuant to Section 2.05 . All Swingline Loans shall be denominated in Dollars. Swiss Franc means the lawful currency of Switzerland. TARGET2 means the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer payment system which utilizes a single shared platform and which was launched on November 19, 2007. TARGET Day means any day on which TARGET2 (or, if such payment system ceases to be operative, such other payment system, if any, determined by the Administrative Agent to be a suitable replacement) is open for the settlement of payments in Euro. Taxes means all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding), value added taxes, or any other goods and services, use or sales taxes, assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. 
 42 

Term Benchmark when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, are bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, the Adjusted EURIBOR Rate or the Adjusted TIBOR Rate. Term SOFR Determination Day has the meaning assigned to it under the definition of Term SOFR Reference Rate. Term SOFR Rate means, with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars and for any tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period, the Term SOFR Reference Rate at approximately 5:00 a.m., Chicago time, two U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the commencement of such tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period, as such rate is published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator. Term SOFR Reference Rate means, for any day and time (such day, the Term SOFR Determination Day ), with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars and for any tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period, the rate per annum published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator and identified by the Administrative Agent as the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR. If by 5:00 pm (New York City time) on such Term SOFR Determination Day, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Rate has not occurred, then, so long as such day is otherwise a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such Term SOFR Determination Day will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate as published in respect of the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate was published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator, so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than five (5) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such Term SOFR Determination Day. TIBOR Rate means, with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Yen and for any Interest Period, the TIBOR Screen Rate two Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period. TIBOR Screen Rate means the Tokyo interbank offered rate administered by the Ippan Shadan Hojin JBA TIBOR Administration (or any other person which takes over the administration of that rate) for the relevant currency and period displayed on page DTIBOR01 of the Reuters screen (or, in the event such rate does not appear on such Reuters page or screen, on any successor or substitute page on such screen that displays such rate, or on the appropriate page of such other information service that publishes such rate as selected by the Administrative Agent from time to time in its reasonable discretion) as published at approximately 1:00 p.m. Japan time two Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period. Total Revolving Credit Exposure means, at any time, the sum of (a) the outstanding principal amount of the Revolving Loans and Swingline Loans at such time and (b) the total LC Exposure at such time. Transactions means the execution, delivery and performance by the Loan Parties of this Agreement and each other Loan Document to which it is a party, the borrowing of Loans and other credit extensions, the use of the proceeds thereof and the issuance of Letters of Credit hereunder. 
 43 

Type , when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether the rate of interest on such Loan, or on the Loans comprising such Borrowing, is determined by reference to the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, the Adjusted EURIBOR Rate, the Adjusted TIBOR Rate, the Alternate Base Rate or the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR. UK Financial Institutions means any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person falling within IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms. UK Resolution Authority means the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution. Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement means the applicable Benchmark Replacement excluding the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. Unfunded Commitment means, with respect to each Lender, the Commitment of such Lender less its Revolving Credit Exposure. Unliquidated Obligations means, at any time, any Obligations (or portion thereof) that are contingent in nature or unliquidated at such time, including any Obligation that is: (i) an obligation to reimburse a bank for drawings not yet made under a letter of credit issued by it; (ii) any other obligation (including any guarantee) that is contingent in nature at such time; or (iii) an obligation to provide collateral to secure any of the foregoing types of obligations. Unrestricted Cash Amoun t means, as of any date of determination, the aggregate amount of unrestricted and unencumbered cash and cash equivalents (including Permitted Investments) held by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries. U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for (i) a Saturday, (ii) a Sunday or (iii) a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government securities. U.S. Person means a United States person within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code. U.S. Special Resolution Regime has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.18. U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.17(f)(ii)(B)(3). Wholly-Owned means, with respect to a subsidiary of any Person, that all of the Equity Interests of such subsidiary are, directly or indirectly, owned or controlled by such Person and/or one or more of its Wholly-Owned subsidiaries (except for directors qualifying shares or other shares required by applicable law to be owned by a Person other than such Person and/or one or more of its Wholly Owned subsidiaries). 
 44 

Withdrawal Liability means liability to a Multiemployer Plan as a result of a complete or partial withdrawal from such Multiemployer Plan, as such terms are defined in Part I of Subtitle E of Title IV of ERISA. Write-Down and Conversion Powers means, (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers. Yen or mean the lawful currency of Japan. Section 1.02. Classification of Loans and Borrowings . For purposes of this Agreement, Loans may be classified and referred to by Class (e.g., a Revolving Loan or by Type (e.g., a Term Benchmark Loan or an RFR Loan or by Class and Type (e.g., a Term Benchmark Revolving Loan or an RFR Revolving Loan ). Borrowings also may be classified and referred to by Class (e.g., a Revolving Borrowing or by Type (e.g., a Term Benchmark Borrowing or an RFR Borrowing or by Class and Type (e.g., a Term Benchmark Revolving Borrowing or an RFR Revolving Borrowing ).
 Section 1.03. Terms Generally . The definitions of terms herein shall apply equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined. Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. The words include , includes and including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without limitation . The word will shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word shall . Unless the context requires otherwise any definition of or reference to any agreement, instrument or other document herein shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time amended, supplemented or otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, supplements or modifications set forth herein), any reference herein to any Person shall be construed to include such Person s successors and assigns, the words herein , hereof and hereunder , and words of similar import, shall be construed to refer to this Agreement in its entirety and not to any particular provision hereof, all references herein to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules shall be construed to refer to Articles and Sections of, and Exhibits and Schedules to, this Agreement, any reference to any law, rule or regulation herein shall, unless otherwise specified, refer to such law, rule or regulation as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time and the words asset and property shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all tangible and intangible assets and properties, including cash, securities, accounts and contract rights.
 Section 1.04. Accounting Terms; GAAP . 
 (a) Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all terms of an accounting or financial nature shall be construed in accordance with GAAP, as in effect from time to time; 

 45 

provided that, if the Borrower notifies the Administrative Agent that the Borrower requests an amendment to any provision hereof to eliminate the effect of any change occurring after the Effective Date in GAAP or in the application thereof on the operation of such provision (or if the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower that the Required Lenders request an amendment to any provision hereof for such purpose), regardless of whether any such notice is given before or after such change in GAAP or in the application thereof, then such provision shall be interpreted on the basis of GAAP as in effect and applied immediately before such change shall have become effective until such notice shall have been withdrawn or such provision amended in accordance herewith. Notwithstanding any other provision contained herein, all terms of an accounting or financial nature used herein shall be construed, and all computations of amounts and ratios referred to herein shall be made, without giving effect to any election under Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification 825 (or any other Financial Accounting Standard having a similar result or effect) to value any Indebtedness or other liabilities of the Borrower or any Subsidiary at fair value , as defined therein and any treatment of Indebtedness under Accounting Standards Codification 470-20 or 2015- 03 (or any other Accounting Standards Codification or Financial Accounting Standard having a similar result or effect) to value any such Indebtedness in a reduced or bifurcated manner as described therein, and such Indebtedness shall at all times be valued at the full stated principal amount thereof.
 (b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in Section 1.04(a) or in the definition of Capital Lease Obligations, any change in accounting for leases pursuant to GAAP resulting from the adoption of Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842), to the extent such adoption would require treating any lease (or similar arrangement conveying the right to use) as a capital lease where such lease (or similar arrangement) would not have been required to be so treated under GAAP as in effect on December 31, 2015, such lease shall not be considered a capital lease, and all calculations and deliverables under this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall be made or delivered, as applicable, in accordance therewith.
 Section 1.05. Interest Rates; Benchmark Notification . The interest rate on a Loan denominated in dollars or an Alternative Currency may be derived from an interest rate benchmark that may be discontinued or is, or may in the future become, the subject of regulatory reform. Upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, Section 2.14(b) provides a mechanism for determining an alternative rate of interest. The Administrative Agent does not warrant or accept any responsibility for, and shall not have any liability with respect to, the administration, submission, performance or any other matter related to any interest rate used in this Agreement, or with respect to any alternative or successor rate thereto, or replacement rate thereof, including without limitation, whether the composition or characteristics of any such alternative, successor or replacement reference rate will be similar to, or produce the same value or economic equivalence of, the existing interest rate being replaced or have the same volume or liquidity as did any existing interest rate prior to its discontinuance or unavailability. The Administrative Agent and its affiliates and/or other related entities may engage in transactions that affect the calculation of any interest rate used in this Agreement or any alternative, successor or alternative rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) and/or any relevant adjustments thereto, in each case, in a manner adverse to the Borrower. The Administrative Agent may select information sources or services in its reasonable discretion to ascertain any interest rate used in this Agreement, any component thereof, or rates referenced in the definition thereof, in each case pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and shall have no liability to the Borrower, any Lender or any other person or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract 

 46 

or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error or calculation of any such rate (or component thereof) provided by any such information source or service. 
 Section 1.06. Letter of Credit Amounts . Unless otherwise specified herein, the amount of a Letter of Credit at any time shall be deemed to be the Dollar Equivalent of the stated amount of such Letter of Credit available to be drawn at such time; provided that with respect to any Letter of Credit that, by its terms, provides for one or more automatic increases in the available amount thereof, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be the Dollar Equivalent of the maximum amount of such Letter of Credit after giving effect to all such increases, whether or not such maximum amount is available to be drawn at such time. 
 Section 1.07. Divisions . For all purposes under the Loan Documents, in connection with any division or plan of division under Delaware law (or any comparable event under a different jurisdiction s laws): if any asset, right, obligation or liability of any Person becomes the asset, right, obligation or liability of a different Person, then it shall be deemed to have been transferred from the original Person to the subsequent Person, and if any new Person comes into existence, such new Person shall be deemed to have been organized and acquired on the first date of its existence by the holders of its Equity Interests at such time.
 Section 1.08. Exchange Rates; Currency Equivalents . 
 (a) The Administrative Agent or the Issuing Bank, as applicable, shall determine the Dollar Equivalent amounts of Term Benchmark Borrowings or RFR Borrowings or Letter of Credit extensions denominated in Alternative Currencies. Such Dollar Equivalent shall become effective as of such Revaluation Date and shall be the Dollar Equivalent of such amounts until the next Revaluation Date to occur. Except for purposes of financial statements delivered by the Borrower hereunder or calculating financial covenants hereunder or except as otherwise provided herein, the applicable amount of any Agreed Currency (other than Dollars) for purposes of the Loan Documents shall be such Dollar Equivalent amount as so determined by the Administrative Agent or the Issuing Bank, as applicable. 
 (b) Wherever in this Agreement in connection with a Borrowing, conversion, continuation or prepayment of a Term Benchmark Loan or an RFR Loan or the issuance, amendment or extension of a Letter of Credit, an amount, such as a required minimum or multiple amount, is expressed in Dollars, but such Borrowing, Loan or Letter of Credit is denominated in an Alternative Currency, such amount shall be the Dollar Equivalent of such amount (rounded to the nearest unit of such Alternative Currency, with 0.5 of a unit being rounded upward), as determined by the Administrative Agent or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be.
 Article 2 The Credits
 Section 2.01. Commitments . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Lender, severally and not jointly, agrees to make Revolving Loans in Dollars or in one or more Alternative Currencies to the Borrower from time to time during the Availability Period in an aggregate principal amount that will not result (after giving effect to any application of proceeds of such Borrowing pursuant to Section 2.10) in such Lender s Revolving Credit Exposure exceeding such Lender s Commitment or the Total Revolving Credit Exposure denominated in Alternative Currencies exceeding the Alternative Currency Sublimit. Within the foregoing limits 

 47 

and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Borrower may borrow, prepay and reborrow Revolving Loans. 
 Section 2.02. Loans and Borrowings . 
 (a) Each Revolving Loan shall be made as part of a Borrowing consisting of Revolving Loans made by the Lenders ratably in accordance with their respective Commitments. The failure of any Lender to make any Loan required to be made by it shall not relieve any other Lender of its obligations hereunder; provided that the Commitments of the Lenders are several and no Lender shall be responsible for any other Lender s failure to make Loans as required. 
 (b) Subject to Section 2.14, each Revolving Borrowing shall be comprised in the case of Borrowings in Dollars, entirely of ABR Loans, Term Benchmark Loans or RFR Loans and in the case of Borrowings in any other Agreed Currency, entirely of Term Benchmark Loans or RFR Loans, as applicable, in each case of the same Agreed Currency, as the Borrower may request in accordance herewith. Each Swingline Loan shall be an ABR Loan. Each Lender at its option may make any Loan by causing any domestic or foreign branch or Affiliate of such Lender to make such Loan; provided that any exercise of such option shall not affect the obligation of the Borrower to repay such Loan in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.
 (c) At the commencement of each Interest Period for any Term Benchmark Revolving Borrowing, such Borrowing shall be in an aggregate amount that is an integral multiple of the Dollar Equivalent of 50,000 and not less than the Dollar Equivalent of 100,000. At the time that each ABR Revolving Borrowing and/or RFR Borrowing is made, such Borrowing shall be in an aggregate amount that is an integral multiple of the Dollar Equivalent of 50,000 and not less than the Dollar Equivalent of 100,000; provided that an ABR Revolving Borrowing may be in an aggregate amount that is equal to the entire unused balance of the total Commitments or that is required to finance the reimbursement of an LC Disbursement as contemplated by Section 2.06(e) . Each Swingline Loan shall be in an amount that is an integral multiple of 50,000 and not less than 100,000. Borrowings of more than one Type and Class may be outstanding at the same time; provided that there shall not at any time be more than a total of 10 Term Benchmark Revolving Borrowings or RFR Borrowings outstanding.
 (d) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Borrower shall not be entitled to request, or to elect to convert or continue, any Borrowing if the Interest Period requested with respect thereto would end after the Maturity Date.
 Section 2.03. Requests for Revolving Borrowings . To request a Revolving Borrowing, the Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of such request by submitting a Borrowing Request (a) (i)(x) in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars, not later than 12:00 p.m., New York City time, three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days before the date of the proposed Borrowing or (y) in the case of an RFR Borrowing denominated in Dollars, not later than 12:00 p.m., New York City time, five (5) U.S. Government Securities Business Days before the date of the proposed Borrowing, (ii) in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Euros, not later than 12:00 p.m., New York City time, three (3) Business Days before the date of the proposed Borrowing, (iii) in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Yen, not later than 12:00 p.m., New York City time, four (4) Business Days before the date of the proposed Borrowing, (iv) in the case of an RFR Borrowing denominated in Sterling, not later than 12:00 p.m., New York City time, five (5) RFR Business Days before the date of the proposed Borrowing and (v) in the case of an RFR Borrowing 

 48 

denominated in Swiss Francs, not later than 12:00 p.m., New York City time, five (5) RFR Business Days before the date of the proposed Borrowing or (b) in the case of an ABR Borrowing, not later than 11:00 a.m., New York City time, one (1) Business Day before the date of the proposed Borrowing; provided that any such notice of an ABR Revolving Borrowing to finance the reimbursement of an LC Disbursement as contemplated by Section 2.06(e) may be given not later than 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the date of the proposed Borrowing. Each such Borrowing Request shall be irrevocable and shall be signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower. Each such Borrowing Request shall specify the following information in compliance with Section 2.02:
 (i) the Agreed Currency and aggregate amount of the requested Borrowing;
 (ii) the date of such Borrowing, which shall be a Business Day;
 (iii) whether such Borrowing is to be an ABR Borrowing, a Term Benchmark Borrowing or an RFR Borrowing;
 (iv) in the case of a Term Benchmark Borrowing, the initial Interest Period to be applicable thereto, which shall be a period contemplated by the definition of the term Interest Period and
 (v) the location and number of the Borrower s account to which funds are to be disbursed, which shall comply with the requirements of Section 2.07.
 If no election as to the currency of a Borrowing is specified, then the requested Revolving Borrowing shall be made in Dollars. If no election as to the Type of Revolving Borrowing is specified, then the requested Revolving Borrowing shall be an ABR Borrowing made in Dollars. If no Interest Period is specified with respect to any requested Term Benchmark Revolving Borrowing, then the Borrower shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one month s duration. Promptly following receipt of a Borrowing Request in accordance with this Section, the Administrative Agent shall advise each Lender of the details thereof and of the amount of such Lender s Loan to be made as part of the requested Borrowing. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall the Borrowers be permitted to request pursuant to this Section 2.03 an RFR Loan bearing interest based on Daily Simple SOFR prior to a Benchmark Transition Event and Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Rate (it being understood and agreed that Daily Simple SOFR shall only apply to the extent provided in Section 2.14). Section 2.04. [Reserved]. 
 Section 2.05. Swingline Loans. 
 (a) Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, from time to time during the Availability Period, the Swingline Lender may, but shall have no obligation to, make Swingline Loans to the Borrower in an aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding that will not result in the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Swingline Loans made by the Swingline Lender exceeding its Swingline Commitment or any Lender s Revolving Credit Exposure exceeding its Commitment; provided that the Swingline Lender shall not be required to make a Swingline Loan to refinance an outstanding Swingline Loan. Within the foregoing limits and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Borrower may borrow, prepay and reborrow Swingline Loans. 

 49 

(b) To request a Swingline Loan, the Borrower shall submit a written notice to the Administrative Agent by telecopy or electronic mail not later than 12:00 noon, New York City time, on the day of a proposed Swingline Loan. Each such notice shall be in a form approved by the Administrative Agent, shall be irrevocable and shall specify the requested date (which shall be a Business Day) and amount of the requested Swingline Loan. The Administrative Agent will promptly advise the Swingline Lender of any such notice received from the Borrower. The Swingline Lender shall make the requested Swingline Loan available to the Borrower by means of a credit to an account of the Borrower with the Administrative Agent designated for such purpose (or, in the case of a Swingline Loan made to finance the reimbursement of an LC Disbursement as provided in Section 2.06(e), by remittance to the Issuing Bank) by 3:00 p.m., New York City time, on the requested date of such Swingline Loan.
 (c) [Reserved]
 (d) The Swingline Lender may by written notice given to the Administrative Agent require the Lenders to acquire participations in all or a portion of its Swingline Loans outstanding. Such notice shall specify the aggregate amount of Swingline Loans in which Lenders will participate. Promptly upon receipt of such notice, the Administrative Agent will give notice thereof to each Lender, specifying in such notice such Lender s Applicable Percentage of such Swingline Loans. Each Lender hereby absolutely and unconditionally agrees, promptly upon receipt of such notice from the Administrative Agent (and in any event, if such notice is received by 12:00 noon, New York City time, on a Business Day no later than 5:00 p.m. New York City time on such Business Day and if received after 12:00 noon, New York City time, on a Business Day shall mean no later than 10:00 a.m. New York City time on the immediately succeeding Business Day), to pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the Swingline Lender, such Lender s Applicable Percentage of such Swingline Loans. Each Lender acknowledges and agrees that its obligation to acquire participations in Swingline Loans pursuant to this paragraph is absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance whatsoever, including the occurrence and continuance of a Default or reduction or termination of the Commitments, and that each such payment shall be made without any offset, abatement, withholding or reduction whatsoever. Each Lender shall comply with its obligation under this paragraph by wire transfer of immediately available funds, in the same manner as provided in Section 2.07 with respect to Loans made by such Lender (and Section 2.07 shall apply, mutatis mutandis, to the payment obligations of the Lenders), and the Administrative Agent shall promptly pay to the Swingline Lender the amounts so received by it from the Lenders. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower of any participations in any Swingline Loan acquired pursuant to this paragraph, and thereafter payments in respect of such Swingline Loan shall be made to the Administrative Agent and not to the Swingline Lender. Any amounts received by the Swingline Lender from the Borrower (or other party on behalf of the Borrower) in respect of a Swingline Loan after receipt by such Swingline Lender of the proceeds of a sale of participations therein shall be promptly remitted to the Administrative Agent; any such amounts received by the Administrative Agent shall be promptly remitted by the Administrative Agent to the Lenders that shall have made their payments pursuant to this paragraph and to the Swingline Lender, as their interests may appear; provided that any such payment so remitted shall be repaid to the Swingline Lender or to the Administrative Agent, as applicable, if and to the extent such payment is required to be refunded to the Borrower for any reason. The purchase of participations in a Swingline Loan pursuant to this paragraph shall not relieve the Borrower of any default in the payment thereof. 
 (e) The Swingline Lender may be replaced at any time by written agreement among the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the replaced Swingline Lender and the successor 

 50 

Swingline Lender. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Lenders of any such replacement of the Swingline Lender. At the time any such replacement shall become effective, the Borrower shall pay all unpaid interest accrued for the account of the replaced Swingline Lender pursuant to Section 2.13(a) . From and after the effective date of any such replacement, (x) the successor Swingline Lender shall have all the rights and obligations of the replaced Swingline Lender under this Agreement with respect to Swingline Loans made thereafter and (y) references herein to the term Swingline Lender shall be deemed to refer to such successor or to any previous Swingline Lender, or to such successor and all previous Swingline Lenders, as the context shall require. After the replacement of the Swingline Lender hereunder, the replaced Swingline Lender shall remain a party hereto and shall continue to have all the rights and obligations of the Swingline Lender under this Agreement with respect to Swingline Loans made by it prior to its replacement, but shall not be required to make additional Swingline Loans. 
 (f) Subject to the appointment and acceptance of a successor Swingline Lender, the Swingline Lender may resign as the Swingline Lender at any time upon thirty days prior written notice to the Administrative Agent, the Borrower and the Lenders, in which case, the Swingline Lender shall be replaced in accordance with Section 2.05(e) above.
 Section 2.06. Letters of Credit. 
 (a) General . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Borrower may request any Issuing Bank to issue Letters of Credit denominated in any Agreed Currency as the applicant thereof for the support of its or its Subsidiaries obligations, in a form reasonably acceptable to such Issuing Bank, at any time and from time to time during the Availability Period. 
 If (i) any letter of credit has been previously issued by an Issuing Bank, (ii) the reimbursement obligations of the account party (the Original Letter of Credit Account Party relating to such letter of credit have been or are assumed in writing by the Borrower pursuant to a Permitted Acquisition or other transaction permitted under this Agreement, (iii) after giving effect to the inclusion of such letter of credit as a Letter of Credit hereunder, the provisions of Section 2.06(b) shall not be contravened, (iv) such letter of credit satisfies all of the requirements of a Letter of Credit hereunder, and (v) the conditions of Sections 4.01 and 4.02 are satisfied, then upon the written request (which request shall include a statement that the foregoing requirements (i) through (v), inclusive, have been satisfied) of the Borrower to such Issuing Bank (consented to in writing by such Issuing Bank) and the submission by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent of a copy of such request bearing such consent, such letter of credit shall be (from the date of such consent of such Issuing Bank) deemed a Letter of Credit for all purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and considered issued hereunder pursuant to the terms hereof (the terms hereof and of the other Loan Documents shall govern and prevail in the case of any conflict with the provisions of the agreement(s) pursuant to which such letter of credit had been issued (such agreement(s), the Original Letter of Credit Agreements ), and such Issuing Bank shall be deemed to have released the Original Letter of Credit Account Party and the Borrower, as applicable, from the Original Letter of Credit Agreements to the extent of such conflict). Notwithstanding that any such assumed letter of credit is in support of any obligations of, or is for the account of, a Subsidiary, the Borrower agrees that it shall be obligated to reimburse the applicable Issuing Bank hereunder for any and all drawings under such letter of credit. (b) Notice of Issuance, Amendment, Extension; Certain Conditions . To request the issuance of a Letter of Credit (or the amendment or extension of an outstanding Letter of Credit), the Borrower shall hand deliver or telecopy (or transmit by electronic communication, if 

 51 

arrangements for doing so have been approved by the respective Issuing Bank) to an Issuing Bank selected by it and to the Administrative Agent (reasonably in advance of the requested date of issuance, amendment or extension, but in any event no less than three Business Days) a notice requesting the issuance of a Letter of Credit, or identifying the Letter of Credit to be amended or extended, and specifying the date of issuance, amendment or extension (which shall be a Business Day), the date on which such Letter of Credit is to expire (which shall comply with paragraph (c) of this Section ), the amount and currency of such Letter of Credit, the name and address of the beneficiary thereof and such other information as shall be necessary to prepare, amend or extend such Letter of Credit. In addition, as a condition to any such Letter of Credit issuance, the Borrower shall have entered into a continuing agreement (or other letter of credit agreement) for the issuance of letters of credit and/or shall submit a letter of credit application, in each case, as required by the respective Issuing Bank and using such Issuing Bank s standard form (each, a Letter of Credit Agreement ). In the event of any conflict between the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the terms and conditions of any Letter of Credit Agreement, the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall control. A Letter of Credit shall be issued, amended or extended only if (and upon issuance, amendment or extension of each Letter of Credit the Borrower shall be deemed to represent and warrant that), after giving effect to such issuance, amendment or extension (x) the aggregate undrawn amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit issued by any Issuing Bank at such time plus (y) the aggregate amount of all LC Disbursements made by such Issuing Bank that have not yet been reimbursed by or on behalf of the Borrower at such time shall not exceed its Letter of Credit Commitment, the LC Exposure shall not exceed the total Letter of Credit Commitments, and no Lender s Revolving Credit Exposure shall exceed its Commitment and the Revolving Credit Exposure of all Lenders in all Alternative Currencies shall not exceed the Alternative Currency Sublimit. The Borrower may, at any time and from time to time, reduce the Letter of Credit Commitment of any Issuing Bank with the consent of such Issuing Bank; provided that the Borrower shall not reduce the Letter of Credit Commitment of any Issuing Bank if, after giving effect of such reduction, the conditions set forth in clauses (i) through (iv) above shall not be satisfied.
 An Issuing Bank shall not be under any obligation to issue any Letter of Credit if: (i) any order, judgment or decree of any Governmental Authority or arbitrator shall by its terms purport to enjoin or restrain such Issuing Bank from issuing such Letter of Credit, or request that such Issuing Bank refrain from issuing such Letter of Credit, or any law applicable to such Issuing Bank shall prohibit, the issuance of letters of credit generally or such Letter of Credit in particular, or any such order, judgment or decree, or law shall impose upon such Issuing Bank with respect to such Letter of Credit any restriction, reserve or capital or liquidity requirement (for which such Issuing Bank is not otherwise compensated hereunder) not in effect on the Effective Date, or shall impose upon such Issuing Bank any unreimbursed loss, cost or expense that was not applicable on the Effective Date and that such Issuing Bank in good faith deems material to it; or
 (ii) the issuance of such Letter of Credit would violate one or more policies of such Issuing Bank applicable to letters of credit generally.
 (c) Expiration Date . Each Letter of Credit shall expire (or be subject to termination by notice from the applicable Issuing Bank to the beneficiary thereof) at or prior to the close of business on the earlier of the date one year after the date of the issuance of such Letter of Credit (or, in the case of any extension of the expiration date thereof, one year after such extension) and the date that is five Business Days prior to the Maturity Date.

 52 

(d) Participations . By the issuance of a Letter of Credit (or an amendment to a Letter of Credit increasing the amount or extending the term thereof) and without any further action on the part of the applicable Issuing Bank or the Lenders, such Issuing Bank hereby grants to each Lender, and each Lender hereby acquires from such Issuing Bank, a participation in such Letter of Credit equal to such Lender s Applicable Percentage of the aggregate amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit. In consideration and in furtherance of the foregoing, each Lender hereby absolutely and unconditionally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the respective Issuing Bank, such Lender s Applicable Percentage of each LC Disbursement made by such Issuing Bank and not reimbursed by the Borrower on the date due as provided in paragraph (e) of this Section , or of any reimbursement payment required to be refunded to the Borrower for any reason, including after the Maturity Date. Each such payment shall be made without any offset, abatement, withholding or reduction whatsoever. Each Lender acknowledges and agrees that its obligation to acquire participations pursuant to this paragraph in respect of Letters of Credit is absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance whatsoever, including any amendment or extension of any Letter of Credit or the occurrence and continuance of a Default or reduction or termination of the Commitments. 
 (e) Reimbursement . If an Issuing Bank shall make any LC Disbursement in respect of a Letter of Credit, the Borrower shall reimburse such LC Disbursement by paying to the Administrative Agent an amount in the currency of such LC Disbursement equal to such LC Disbursement not later than 12:00 noon, New York City time, on the date that such LC Disbursement is made, if the Borrower shall have received notice of such LC Disbursement prior to 10:00 a.m., New York City time, on such date, or, if such notice has not been received by the Borrower prior to such time on such date, then not later than 12:00 noon, New York City time, on the Business Day immediately following the day that the Borrower receives such notice, if such notice is not received prior to such time on the day of receipt; provided that (x) if such LC Disbursement is denominated in Dollars and is not less than 1,000,000, the Borrower may, subject to the conditions to borrowing set forth herein, request in accordance with Section 2.03 or 2.05 that such payment be financed with an ABR Revolving Borrowing or Swingline Loan in an equivalent amount or (y) if such LC Disbursement is denominated in an Alternative Currency and is not less than the Dollar Equivalent of 1,000,000, the Borrower may, subject to the conditions to borrowing set forth herein, request in accordance with Section 2.03 that such payment be converted into an equivalent amount of an ABR Revolving Borrowing denominated in Dollars in an amount equal to the Dollar Equivalent of such Alternative Currency, and, in each case, to the extent so financed, the Borrower s obligation to make such payment shall be discharged and replaced by the resulting ABR Revolving Borrowing or Swingline Loan, as applicable. If the Borrower fails to make such payment when due, the Administrative Agent shall notify each Lender of the applicable LC Disbursement, the payment then due from the Borrower in respect thereof and such Lender s Applicable Percentage thereof. Promptly following receipt of such notice, each Lender shall pay to the Administrative Agent its Applicable Percentage of the payment then due from the Borrower, in the same manner as provided in Section 2.07 with respect to Loans made by such Lender (and Section 2.07 shall apply, mutatis mutandis, to the payment obligations of the Lenders), and the Administrative Agent shall promptly pay to the respective Issuing Bank the amounts so received by it from the Lenders. Promptly following receipt by the Administrative Agent of any payment from the Borrower pursuant to this paragraph, the Administrative Agent shall distribute such payment to the respective Issuing Bank or, to the extent that Lenders have made payments pursuant to this paragraph to reimburse such Issuing Bank, then to such Lenders and such Issuing Bank as their interests may appear. Any payment made by a Lender pursuant to this paragraph to reimburse an Issuing Bank for any LC Disbursement (other than the funding of ABR Revolving 

 53 

Loans or a Swingline Loan as contemplated above) shall not constitute a Loan and shall not relieve the Borrower of its obligation to reimburse such LC Disbursement. 
 (f) Obligations Absolute . The Borrower s obligation to reimburse LC Disbursements as provided in paragraph (e) of this Section shall be absolute, unconditional and irrevocable, and shall be performed strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement under any and all circumstances whatsoever and irrespective of any lack of validity or enforceability of any Letter of Credit, any Letter of Credit Agreement or this Agreement, or any term or provision therein, any draft or other document presented under a Letter of Credit proving to be forged, fraudulent or invalid in any respect or any statement therein being untrue or inaccurate in any respect, payment by the respective Issuing Bank under a Letter of Credit against presentation of a draft or other document that does not comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit, any other event or circumstance whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing, that might, but for the provisions of this Section, constitute a legal or equitable discharge of, or provide a right of setoff against, the Borrower s obligations hereunder or any adverse change in the relevant exchange rates or in the availability of the relevant Alternative Currency to the Borrower or any Subsidiary or in the relevant currency markets generally. Neither the Administrative Agent, the Lenders nor any Issuing Bank, nor any of their respective Related Parties, shall have any liability or responsibility by reason of or in connection with the issuance or transfer of any Letter of Credit or any payment or failure to make any payment thereunder (irrespective of any of the circumstances referred to in the preceding sentence), or any error, omission, interruption, loss or delay in transmission or delivery of any draft, document, notice or other communication under or relating to any Letter of Credit (including any document required to make a drawing thereunder), any error in interpretation of technical terms, any error in translation or any consequence arising from causes beyond the control of the respective Issuing Bank; provided that the foregoing shall not be construed to excuse an Issuing Bank from liability to the Borrower to the extent of any direct damages (as opposed to special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages, claims in respect of which are hereby waived by the Borrower to the extent permitted by applicable law) suffered by the Borrower that are caused by such Issuing Bank s failure to exercise care when determining whether drafts and other documents presented under a Letter of Credit comply with the terms thereof. The parties hereto expressly agree that, in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct on the part of an Issuing Bank (as finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction), such Issuing Bank shall be deemed to have exercised care in each such determination. In furtherance of the foregoing and without limiting the generality thereof, the parties agree that, with respect to documents presented which appear on their face to be in substantial compliance with the terms of a Letter of Credit, an Issuing Bank may, in its sole discretion, either accept and make payment upon such documents without responsibility for further investigation, regardless of any notice or information to the contrary, or refuse to accept and make payment upon such documents if such documents are not in strict compliance with the terms of such Letter of Credit. 
 (g) Disbursement Procedures . The Issuing Bank for any Letter of Credit shall, within the time allowed by applicable law or the specific terms of the Letter of Credit following its receipt thereof, examine all documents purporting to represent a demand for payment under such Letter of Credit. Such Issuing Bank shall promptly after such examination notify the Administrative Agent and the Borrower by telephone (confirmed by telecopy or electronic mail) of such demand for payment if such Issuing Bank has made or will make an LC Disbursement thereunder; provided that such notice need not be given prior to payment by the Issuing Bank and any failure to give or delay in giving such notice shall not relieve the Borrower of its obligation to reimburse such Issuing Bank and the Lenders with respect to any such LC Disbursement.

 54 

(h) Interim Interest . If the Issuing Bank for any Letter of Credit shall make any LC Disbursement, then, unless the Borrower shall reimburse such LC Disbursement in full in the applicable currency on the date such LC Disbursement is made, the unpaid amount thereof shall bear interest, for each day from and including the date such LC Disbursement is made to but excluding the date that the reimbursement is due and payable at the rate per annum then applicable to ABR Revolving Loans and such interest shall be due and payable on the date when such reimbursement is payable; provided that, if the Borrower fails to reimburse such LC Disbursement when due pursuant to paragraph (e) of this Section, then Section 2.13(d) shall apply. Interest accrued pursuant to this paragraph shall be for the account of such Issuing Bank, except that interest accrued on and after the date of payment by any Lender pursuant to paragraph (e) of this Section to reimburse such Issuing Bank for such LC Disbursement shall be for the account of such Lender to the extent of such payment.
 (i) Replacement and Resignation of an Issuing Bank . An Issuing Bank may be replaced at any time by written agreement among the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the replaced Issuing Bank and the successor Issuing Bank. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Lenders of any such replacement of an Issuing Bank. At the time any such replacement shall become effective, the Borrower shall pay all unpaid fees accrued for the account of the replaced Issuing Bank pursuant to Section 2.12(b) . From and after the effective date of any such replacement, (x) the successor Issuing Bank shall have all the rights and obligations of an Issuing Bank under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit to be issued by it thereafter and (y) references herein to the term Issuing Bank shall be deemed to refer to such successor or to any previous Issuing Bank, or to such successor and all previous Issuing Banks, as the context shall require. After the replacement of an Issuing Bank hereunder, the replaced Issuing Bank shall remain a party hereto and shall continue to have all the rights and obligations of an Issuing Bank under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit issued by it prior to such replacement, but shall not be required to issue additional Letters of Credit or extend or otherwise amend any existing Letter of Credit. 
 (i) Subject to the appointment and acceptance of a successor Issuing Bank, any Issuing Bank may resign as an Issuing Bank at any time upon thirty days prior written notice to the Administrative Agent, the Borrower and the Lenders, in which case, such resigning Issuing Bank shall be replaced in accordance with Section 2.06(i)(i) above.
 (j) Cash Collateralization . If any Event of Default shall occur and be continuing, on the Business Day that the Borrower receives notice from the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders (or, if the maturity of the Loans has been accelerated, Lenders with LC Exposure representing greater than 105 of the total LC Exposure) demanding the deposit of cash collateral pursuant to this paragraph, the Borrower shall deposit in an account or accounts with the Administrative Agent, in the name of the Administrative Agent and for the benefit of the Lenders (the Collateral Account ), an amount in cash equal to 105 of the LC Exposure in the applicable currencies as of such date plus any accrued and unpaid interest thereon; provided that the obligation to deposit such cash collateral shall become effective immediately, and such deposit shall become immediately due and payable, without demand or other notice of any kind, upon the occurrence of any Event of Default with respect to the Borrower described in Section 7.01(h) or (i) . Such deposit shall be held by the Administrative Agent as collateral for the payment and performance of the obligations of the Borrower under this Agreement. In addition, and without limiting the foregoing or paragraph (c) of this Section, if any LC Exposure remain outstanding after the expiration date specified in said paragraph (c), the Borrower shall immediately deposit 

 55 

into the Collateral Account an amount in cash equal to 105 of such LC Exposure as of such date plus any accrued and unpaid interest thereon.
 The Administrative Agent shall have exclusive dominion and control, including the exclusive right of withdrawal, over such account. Other than any interest earned on the investment of such deposits, which investments shall be made at the option and sole discretion of the Administrative Agent and at the Borrower s risk and expense, such deposits shall not bear interest. Interest or profits, if any, on such investments shall accumulate in such account. Moneys in such account shall be applied by the Administrative Agent to reimburse each Issuing Bank for LC Disbursements for which it has not been reimbursed, together with related fees, costs and customary processing charges, and, to the extent not so applied, shall be held for the satisfaction of the reimbursement obligations of the Borrower for the LC Exposure at such time or, if the maturity of the Loans has been accelerated (but subject to the consent of Lenders with LC Exposure representing greater than 105 of the total LC Exposure), be applied to satisfy other Obligations. If the Borrower is required to provide an amount of cash collateral hereunder as a result of the occurrence of an Event of Default, such amount (to the extent not applied as aforesaid) shall be returned to the Borrower within three Business Days after all Events of Default have been cured or waived. (k) Letters of Credit Issued for Account of Subsidiaries . Notwithstanding that a Letter of Credit issued or outstanding hereunder supports any obligations of, or is for the account of, a Subsidiary, or states that a Subsidiary is the account party, applicant, customer, instructing party, or the like of or for such Letter of Credit, and without derogating from any rights of the applicable Issuing Bank (whether arising by contract, at law, in equity or otherwise) against such Subsidiary in respect of such Letter of Credit, the Borrower (i) shall reimburse, indemnify and compensate the applicable Issuing Bank hereunder for such Letter of Credit (including to reimburse any and all drawings thereunder) as if such Letter of Credit had been issued solely for the account of the Borrower and (ii) irrevocably waives any and all defenses that might otherwise be available to it as a guarantor or surety of any or all of the obligations of such Subsidiary in respect of such Letter of Credit. The Borrower hereby acknowledges that the issuance of such Letters of Credit for its Subsidiaries inures to the benefit of the Borrower, and that the Borrower s business derives substantial benefits from the businesses of such Subsidiaries.
 Section 2.07. Funding of Borrowings . 
 (a) Each Lender shall make each Loan to be made by it hereunder on the proposed date thereof solely by wire transfer of immediately available funds, by 12:00 noon, New York City time, to the account of the Administrative Agent most recently designated by it for such purpose by notice to the Lenders; provided that Swingline Loans shall be made as provided in Section 2.05 . Except in respect of the provisions of this Agreement covering the reimbursement of Letters of Credit, the Administrative Agent will make such Loans available to the Borrower by promptly crediting the funds so received in the aforesaid account of the Administrative Agent to an account of the Borrower maintained with the Administrative Agent in New York City and designated by the Borrower in the applicable Borrowing Request; provided that ABR Revolving Loans made to finance the reimbursement of an LC Disbursement as provided in Section 2.06(e) shall be remitted by the Administrative Agent to the Issuing Bank.
 (b) Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from a Lender prior to the proposed date of any Borrowing that such Lender will not make available to the Administrative Agent such Lender s share of such Borrowing, the Administrative Agent may assume that such 

 56 

Lender has made such share available on such date in accordance with paragraph (a) of this Section and may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the Borrower a corresponding amount. In such event, if a Lender has not in fact made its share of the applicable Borrowing available to the Administrative Agent, then the applicable Lender and the Borrower severally agree to pay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand such corresponding amount with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is made available to the Borrower to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at in the case of such Lender, the greater of the applicable Overnight Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation or in the case of the Borrower, the interest rate applicable to ABR Loans, or in the case of Alternative Currencies, in accordance with such market practice, in each case, as applicable. If such Lender pays such amount to the Administrative Agent, then such amount shall constitute such Lender s Loan included in such Borrowing. 
 Section 2.08. Interest Elections . 
 (a) Each Revolving Borrowing initially shall be of the Type and Agreed Currency specified in the applicable Borrowing Request and, in the case of a Term Benchmark Revolving Borrowing, shall have an initial Interest Period as specified in such Borrowing Request. Thereafter, the Borrower may elect to convert such Borrowing to a different Type or to continue such Borrowing and, in the case of a Term Benchmark Revolving Borrowing, may elect Interest Periods therefor, all as provided in this Section . The Borrower may elect different options with respect to different portions of the affected Borrowing, in which case each such portion shall be allocated ratably among the Lenders holding the Loans comprising such Borrowing, and the Loans comprising each such portion shall be considered a separate Borrowing. This Section shall not apply to Swingline Borrowings, which may not be converted or continued.
 (b) To make an election pursuant to this Section, the Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of such election by the time that a Borrowing Request would be required under Section 2.03 if the Borrower were requesting a Revolving Borrowing of the Type resulting from such election to be made on the effective date of such election. Each such Interest Election Request shall be irrevocable and shall be signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower. 
 (c) Each Interest Election Request shall specify the following information in compliance with Section 2.02:
 (i) the Agreed Currency and principal amount of Borrowing to which such Interest Election Request applies and, if different options are being elected with respect to different portions thereof, the portions thereof to be allocated to each resulting Borrowing (in which case the information to be specified pursuant to clauses (iii) and (iv) below shall be specified for each resulting Borrowing);
 (ii) the effective date of the election made pursuant to such Interest Election Request, which shall be a Business Day;
 (iii) whether the resulting Borrowing is to be an ABR Borrowing (in the case of Borrowings denominated in Dollars) or a Term Benchmark Borrowing or an RFR Borrowing; and

 57 

(iv) if the resulting Borrowing is a Term Benchmark Borrowing, the Interest Period to be applicable thereto after giving effect to such election, which shall be a period contemplated by the definition of the term Interest Period .
 If any such Interest Election Request requests a Term Benchmark Borrowing but does not specify an Interest Period, then the Borrower shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one month s duration. (d) Promptly following receipt of an Interest Election Request, the Administrative Agent shall advise each Lender of the details thereof and of such Lender s portion of each resulting Borrowing.
 (e) If the Borrower fails to deliver a timely Interest Election Request with respect to a Term Benchmark Revolving Borrowing in Dollars prior to the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto, then, unless such Borrowing is repaid as provided herein, at the end of such Interest Period such Borrowing shall be deemed to have an Interest Period that is the same as the immediately preceding Interest Period. If the Borrower fails to deliver a timely and complete Interest Election Request with respect to a Term Benchmark Borrowing in an Alternative Currency prior to the end of the Interest Period therefor, then, unless such Term Benchmark Borrowing is repaid as provided herein, the Borrower shall be deemed to have selected that such Term Benchmark Borrowing shall automatically be continued as a Term Benchmark Borrowing in its original Agreed Currency with an Interest Period of one month at the end of such Interest Period. Notwithstanding any contrary provision hereof, if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and the Administrative Agent, at the request of the Required Lenders, so notifies the Borrower, then, so long as an Event of Default is continuing no outstanding Revolving Borrowing may be converted to or continued as a Term Benchmark Borrowing and unless repaid, (x) each Term Benchmark Borrowing and each RFR Borrowing, in each case denominated in Dollars shall be converted to an ABR Borrowing at the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto and (y) each Term Benchmark Borrowing and each RFR Borrowing, in each case denominated in an Alternative Currency shall bear interest at the Central Bank Rate (or in the case of the Yen, the Japanese Prime Rate) for the applicable Agreed Currency plus the CBR Spread; provided that, if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that the Central Bank Rate (or in the case of the Yen, the Japanese Prime Rate) for the applicable Agreed Currency cannot be determined, any outstanding affected Term Benchmark Loans denominated in any Agreed Currency other than Dollars shall either be converted to an ABR Borrowing denominated in Dollars (in an amount equal to the Dollar Equivalent of such Alternative Currency) at the end of the Interest Period, as applicable, therefor or prepaid at the end of the applicable Interest Period, as applicable, in full; provided that if no election is made by the Borrower by the earlier of (x) the date that is three Business Days after receipt by the Borrower of such notice and (y) the last day of the current Interest Period for the applicable Term Benchmark Loan, the Borrower shall be deemed to have elected clause (A) above.
 Section 2.09. Termination and Reduction of Commitments . 
 (a) Unless previously terminated, the Commitments shall terminate on the Maturity Date.
 (b) The Borrower may at any time terminate, or from time to time reduce, the Commitments; provided that each reduction of the Commitments shall be in an amount that is an integral multiple of the Dollar Equivalent of 2,500,000 and not less than the Dollar Equivalent of 

 58 

10,000,000 and the Borrower shall not terminate or reduce the Commitments if, after giving effect to any concurrent prepayment of the Loans in accordance with Section 2.11, any Lender s Revolving Credit Exposure would exceed its Commitment.
 (c) The Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of any election to terminate or reduce the Commitments under paragraph (b) of this Section at least three Business Days prior to the effective date of such termination or reduction, specifying such election and the effective date thereof. Promptly following receipt of any notice, the Administrative Agent shall advise the Lenders of the contents thereof. Each notice delivered by the Borrower pursuant to this Section shall be irrevocable; provided that a notice of termination of the Commitments delivered by the Borrower may state that such notice is conditioned upon the effectiveness of other credit facilities, in which case such notice may be revoked by the Borrower (by notice to the Administrative Agent on or prior to the specified effective date) if such condition is not satisfied. Any termination or reduction of the Commitments shall be permanent. Each reduction of the Commitments shall be made ratably among the Lenders in accordance with their respective Commitments. 
 Section 2.10. Repayment of Loans; Evidence of Debt . 
 (a) The Borrower hereby unconditionally promises to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender the then unpaid principal amount of each Revolving Loan on the Maturity Date and to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Swingline Lender the then unpaid principal amount of each Swingline Loan on the earlier of the Maturity Date and the fifth Business Days after such Swingline Loan is made; provided that on each date that a Revolving Borrowing is made, the Borrower shall repay all Swingline Loans then outstanding and the proceeds of any such Borrowing shall be applied by the Administrative Agent to repay any Swingline Loans outstanding.
 (b) Each Lender shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice an account or accounts evidencing the indebtedness of the Borrower to such Lender resulting from each Loan made by such Lender, including the amounts of principal and interest payable and paid to such Lender from time to time hereunder.
 (c) The Administrative Agent shall maintain accounts in which it shall record the amount of each Loan made hereunder, the Class and Type thereof and the Interest Period applicable thereto, the amount of any principal or interest due and payable or to become due and payable from the Borrower to each Lender hereunder and the amount of any sum received by the Administrative Agent hereunder from a Borrower for the account of the Lenders and each Lender s share thereof.
 (d) The entries made in the accounts maintained pursuant to paragraph (b) or (c) of this Section shall be prima facie evidence of the existence and amounts of the obligations recorded therein; provided that the failure of any Lender or the Administrative Agent to maintain such accounts or any error therein shall not in any manner affect the obligation of the Borrower to repay the Loans in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.
 (e) Any Lender may request that Loans made by it be evidenced by a promissory note. In such event, the Borrower shall prepare, execute and deliver to such Lender a promissory note payable to such Lender (or, if requested by such Lender, to such Lender and its registered assigns) and in a form approved by the Administrative Agent. Thereafter, the Loans evidenced by such 

 59 

promissory note and interest thereon shall at all times (including after assignment pursuant to Section 9.04) be represented by one or more promissory notes in such form.
 (f) If the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower at any time that the aggregate amount of all Loans and Letter of Credit Obligations denominated in Alternative Currencies at such time exceeds an amount equal to 105 of the Alternative Currency Sublimit then in effect, then, within two Business Days after receipt of such notice, the Borrower shall prepay Loans and/or cash collateralize Letters of Credit in accordance with Section 2.06(j), in an aggregate amount sufficient to reduce such amount as of such date of payment to an amount not to exceed 100 of the Alternative Currency Sublimit then in effect.
 Section 2.11. Prepayment of Loans . 
 (a) The Borrower shall have the right at any time and from time to time to prepay any Borrowing in whole or in part, subject to prior notice in accordance with paragraph (b) of this Section.
 (b) The Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent (and, in the case of prepayment of Swingline Loans, the Swingline Lender) by telephone (confirmed by telecopy or electronic mail) of any prepayment hereunder (v) in the case of prepayment of (1) a Term Benchmark Revolving Borrowing denominated in Dollars, not later than 12:00 p.m., New York City time, three (3) Business Days before the date of prepayment or (2) an RFR Revolving Borrowing denominated in Dollars, not later than 12:00 p.m., New York City time, five Business Days before the date of prepayment, (w) in the case of prepayment of a Term Benchmark Revolving Borrowing denominated in Euros, not later than 12:00 p.m., New York City time, three (3) Business Days before the date of prepayment, (x) in the case of prepayment of a Term Benchmark Revolving Borrowing denominated in Yen, not later than 12:00 p.m., New York City time, four (4) Business Days before the date of prepayment, (y) in the case of prepayment of an RFR Revolving Borrowing denominated in Sterling, not later than 12:00 p.m., New York City time, five (5) RFR Business Days before the date of prepayment and (z) in the case of prepayment of an RFR Revolving Borrowing denominated in Swiss Francs, not later than 12:00 p.m., New York City time, five (5) RFR Business Days before the date of prepayment or in the case of prepayment of an ABR Revolving Borrowing, not later than 11:00 a.m., New York City time, one (1) Business Day before the date of prepayment or in the case of prepayment of a Swingline Loan, not later than 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the date of prepayment. Each such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the prepayment date and the principal amount of each Borrowing or portion thereof to be prepaid; provided that, if a notice of prepayment is given in connection with a conditional notice of termination of the Commitments as contemplated by Section 2.09, then such notice of prepayment may be revoked if such notice of termination is revoked in accordance with Section 2.09 . Promptly following receipt of any such notice relating to a Revolving Borrowing, the Administrative Agent shall advise the Lenders of the contents thereof. Each partial prepayment of any Revolving Borrowing shall be in an amount that would be permitted in the case of an advance of a Revolving Borrowing of the same Type as provided in Section 2.02 . Each prepayment of a Revolving Borrowing shall be applied ratably to the Loans included in the prepaid Borrowing. Prepayments shall be accompanied by accrued interest to the extent required by Section 2.13 and any break funding payments required by Section 2.16.
 Section 2.12. Fees. 

 60 

(a) The Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender a commitment fee, which shall accrue at the applicable Commitment Fee Rate on the daily amount of the unused amount of the Commitment of such Lender during the period from and including the date of this Agreement to but excluding the date on which the Commitments terminate (it being understood that LC Exposure shall constitute usage of the Commitments for purposes of this Section 2.12(a)).
 (b) The Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender a participation fee with respect to its participations in each outstanding Letter of Credit, which shall accrue on the Dollar Equivalent of the daily maximum stated amount then available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit at the same Applicable Rate used to determine the interest rate applicable to Term Benchmark Revolving Loans, during the period from and including the Effective Date to but excluding the later of the date on which such Lender s Commitment terminates and the date on which such Lender ceases to have any LC Exposure, and to each Issuing Bank for its own account a fronting fee with respect to each Letter of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank, which shall accrue at the rate of 0.125 per annum on the Dollar Equivalent of the daily maximum stated amount then available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit, during the period from and including the Effective Date to but excluding the later of the date of termination of the Commitments and the date on which there ceases to be any LC Exposure with respect to Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank, as well as such Issuing Bank s standard fees with respect to the issuance, amendment or extension of any Letter of Credit and other processing fees, and other standard costs and charges, of such Issuing bank relating the Letters of Credit as from time to time in effect. Participation fees and fronting fees accrued through and including the last day of March, June, September and December of each year shall be payable on the fifteenth day following such last day, commencing on the first such date to occur after the Effective Date; provided that all such fees shall be payable on the date on which the Commitments terminate and any such fees accruing after the date on which the Commitments terminate shall be payable on demand. Any other fees payable to an Issuing Bank pursuant to this paragraph shall be payable within 10 days after demand. All participation fees and fronting fees shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days and shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day). 
 (c) The Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, for its own account, fees payable in the amounts and at the times separately agreed upon between the Borrower and the Administrative Agent.
 (d) All fees payable hereunder shall be paid on the dates due, in dollars in immediately available funds, to the Administrative Agent (or to an Issuing Bank, in the case of fees payable to it) for distribution, in the case of commitment fees and participation fees, to the Lenders. Fees paid shall not be refundable under any circumstances. 
 Section 2.13. Interest . 
 (a) The Loans comprising each ABR Borrowing (including each Swingline Loan) shall bear interest at the Alternate Base Rate plus the Applicable Rate.
 (b) The Loans comprising each Term Benchmark Borrowing shall bear interest in the case of a Term Benchmark Revolving Loan, at the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, the Adjusted EURIBOR Rate or the Adjusted TIBOR Rate, as applicable, for the Interest Period in effect for such Borrowing plus the Applicable Rate.

 61 

(c) Each RFR Loan shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the applicable Adjusted Daily Simple RFR plus the Applicable Rate.
 (d) Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any principal of or interest on any Loan or any fee or other amount payable by the Borrower hereunder is not paid when due, whether at stated maturity, upon acceleration or otherwise, such overdue amount shall bear interest, after as well as before judgment, at a rate per annum equal to in the case of overdue principal of any Loan, 2 plus the rate otherwise applicable to such Loan as provided in the preceding paragraphs of this Section or in the case of any other amount, 2 plus the rate applicable to ABR Loans as provided in paragraph (a) of this Section.
 (e) Accrued interest on each Loan shall be payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date for such Loan and, in the case of Revolving Loans, upon termination of the Commitments; provided that interest accrued pursuant to paragraph (d) of this Section shall be payable on demand, in the event of any repayment or prepayment of any Loan (other than a prepayment of an ABR Revolving Loan prior to the end of the Availability Period), accrued interest on the principal amount repaid or prepaid shall be payable on the date of such repayment or prepayment and in the event of any conversion of any Term Benchmark Revolving Loan prior to the end of the current Interest Period therefor, accrued interest on such Loan shall be payable on the effective date of such conversion.
 (f) Interest computed by reference to the Term SOFR Rate or Daily Simple SOFR , the EURIBOR Rate or Daily Simple RFR with respect to Swiss Francs and Dollars, and the Alternate Base Rate hereunder shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days. Interest computed by reference to the Daily Simple RFR with respect to Sterling, the TIBOR Rate or the Alternate Base Rate only at times when the Alternate Base Rate is based on the Prime Rate shall be computed on the basis of a year of 365 days (or 366 days in a leap year). In each case interest shall be payable for the actual nu mber of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day). All interest hereunder on any Loan shall be computed on a daily basis based upon the outstanding principal amount of such Loan as of the applicable date of determination. A determination of the applicable Alternate Base Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, Term SOFR Rate, Daily Simple SOFR, Adjusted EURIBOR Rate, EURIBOR Rate, Adjusted TIBOR Rate, TIBOR Rate, Adjusted Daily Simple RFR or Daily Simple RFR shall be determined by the Administrative Agent, and such determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error.
 Section 2.14. Alternate Rate of Interest . 
 (a) Subject to clauses (b), (c), (d), (e) and (f) of this Section 2.14, if:
 (i) the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) (A) prior to the commencement of any Interest Period for a Term Benchmark Borrowing, that adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, the Adjusted EURIBOR Rate or the Adjusted TIBOR Rate (including because the Relevant Screen Rate is not available or published on a current basis), for the applicable Agreed Currency and such Interest Period or (B) at any time, that adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the applicable Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for the applicable Agreed Currency; or

 62 

(ii) the Administrative Agent is advised by the Required Lenders that (A) prior to the commencement of any Interest Period for a Term Benchmark Borrowing, the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, the Adjusted EURIBOR Rate or the Adjusted TIBOR Rate for the applicable Agreed Currency and such Interest Period will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders (or Lender) of making or maintaining their Loans (or its Loan) included in such Borrowing for the applicable Agreed Currency and such Interest Period or (B) at any time, the applicable Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for the applicable Agreed Currency will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders (or Lender) of making or maintaining their Loans (or its Loan) included in such Borrowing for the applicable Agreed Currency;
 then the Administrative Agent shall give notice thereof to the Borrower and the Lenders by telephone, telecopy or electronic mail as promptly as practicable thereafter and, until (x) the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower and the Lenders that the circumstances giving rise to such notice no longer exist with respect to the relevant Benchmark and (y) the Borrower delivers a new Interest Election Request in accordance with the terms of Section 2.08 or a new Borrowing Request in accordance with the terms of Section 2.03, (A) for Loans denominated in Dollars, (1) any Interest Election Request that requests the conversion of any Revolving Borrowing to, or continuation of any Revolving Borrowing as, a Term Benchmark Borrowing and any Borrowing Request that requests a Term Benchmark Revolving Borrowing shall instead be deemed to be an Interest Election Request or a Borrowing Request, as applicable, for (x) an RFR Borrowing denominated in Dollars so long as the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for Dollar Borrowings is not also the subject of Section 2.14(a)(i) or (ii) above or (y) an ABR Borrowing if the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for Dollar Borrowings also is the subject of Section 2.14(a)(i) or (ii) above and (2) any Borrowing Request that requests an RFR Borrowing shall instead be deemed to be a Borrowing Request, as applicable, for an ABR Borrowing and (B) for Loans denominated in an Alternative Currency, any Interest Election Request that requests the conversion of any Revolving Borrowing to, or continuation of any Revolving Borrowing as, a Term Benchmark Borrowing and any Borrowing Request that requests a Term Benchmark Borrowing or an RFR Borrowing, in each case, for the relevant Benchmark, shall be ineffective; provided that if the circumstances giving rise to such notice affect only one Type of Borrowings, then all other Types of Borrowings shall be permitted. Furthermore, if any Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan in any Agreed Currency is outstanding on the date of the Borrower s receipt of the notice from the Administrative Agent referred to in this Section 2.14(a) with respect to a Relevant Rate applicable to such Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan, then until (x) the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower and the Lenders that the circumstances giving rise to such notice no longer exist with respect to the relevant Benchmark and (y) the Borrower delivers a new Interest Election Request in accordance with the terms of Section 2.08 or a new Borrowing Request in accordance with the terms of Section 2.03, (A) for Loans denominated in Dollars, (1) any Term Benchmark Loan shall on the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Loan, be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute, (x) an RFR Borrowing denominated in Dollars so long as the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for Dollar Borrowings is not also the subject of Section 2.14(a)(i) or (ii) above or (y) an ABR Loan if the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for Dollar Borrowings also is the subject of Section 2.14(a)(i) or (ii) above, on such day, and (2) any RFR Loan shall on and from such day be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute an ABR Loan and (B) for Loans denominated in an Alternative Currency, (1) any Term Benchmark Loan shall, on the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Loan bear interest at the Central Bank Rate (or in the case of the Yen, the Japanese Prime Rate) for the applicable Alternative Currency plus the CBR Spread; provided that, if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that the Central Bank 
 63 

Rate (or in the case of the Yen, the Japanese Prime Rate) for the applicable Alternative Currency cannot be determined, any outstanding affected Term Benchmark Loans denominated in any Alternative Currency shall, at the Borrower s election prior to such day: (A) be prepaid by the Borrower on such day or (B) solely for the purpose of calculating the interest rate applicable to such Term Benchmark Loan, such Term Benchmark Loan denominated in any Alternative Currency shall be deemed to be a Term Benchmark Loan denominated in Dollars and shall accrue interest at the same interest rate applicable to Term Benchmark Loans denominated in Dollars at such time and (2) any RFR Loan shall bear interest at the Central Bank Rate (or in the case of the Yen, the Japanese Prime Rate) for the applicable Alternative Currency plus the CBR Spread; provided that, if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that the Central Bank Rate (or in the case of the Yen, the Japanese Prime Rate) for the applicable Alternative Currency cannot be determined, any outstanding affected RFR Loans denominated in any Alternative Currency, at the Borrower s election, shall either (A) be converted into ABR Loans denominated in Dollars (in an amount equal to the Dollar Equivalent of such Alternative Currency) immediately or (B) be prepaid in full immediately. (b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document (and any Swap Agreement shall be deemed not to be a Loan Document for purposes of this Section 2.14), if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to the Reference Time in respect of any setting of the then-current Benchmark, then (x) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (1) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement with respect to Dollars for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of such Benchmark setting and subsequent Benchmark settings without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document and (y) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (2) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement with respect to any Agreed Currency for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of any Benchmark setting at or after 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date notice of such Benchmark Replacement is provided to the Lenders without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such Benchmark Replacement from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders of each affected Class.
 (c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document.
 (d) The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of any occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, the effectiveness of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, the removal or reinstatement of any tenor of a Benchmark pursuant to clause (f) below and the commencement or conclusion of any Benchmark Unavailability Period. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Administrative Agent or, if applicable, any Lender (or group of Lenders) pursuant to this Section 2.14, including any determination with respect to a 

 64 

tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its or their sole discretion and without consent from any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section 2.14.
 (e) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, at any time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate (including the Term SOFR Rate, EURIBOR Rate or TIBOR Rate) and either any tenor for such Benchmark is not displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion or the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark has provided a public statement or publication of information announcing that any tenor for such Benchmark is or will be no longer representative, then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period for any Benchmark settings at or after such time to remove such unavailable or non-representative tenor and if a tenor that was removed pursuant to clause (i) above either is subsequently displayed on a screen or information service for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement) or is not, or is no longer, subject to an announcement that it is or will no longer be representative for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement), then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period for all Benchmark settings at or after such time to reinstate such previously removed tenor.
 (f) Upon the Borrower s receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period, the Borrower may revoke any request for a Term Benchmark Borrowing or RFR Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Term Benchmark Loans to be made, converted or continued during any Benchmark Unavailability Period and, failing that, either (x) the Borrower will be deemed to have converted any request for (1) a Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars into a request for a Borrowing of or conversion to (A) an RFR Borrowing denominated in Dollars so long as the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for Dollar Borrowings is not the subject of a Benchmark Transition Event or (B) an ABR Borrowing if the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for Dollar Borrowings is the subject of a Benchmark Transition Event or (y) any Term Benchmark Borrowing or RFR Borrowing denominated in an Alternative Currency shall be ineffective. During any Benchmark Unavailability Period or at any time that a tenor for the then-current Benchmark is not an Available Tenor, the component of ABR based upon the then-current Benchmark or such tenor for such Benchmark, as applicable, will not be used in any determination of ABR. Furthermore, if any Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan in any Agreed Currency is outstanding on the date of the Borrower s receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period with respect to a Relevant Rate applicable to such Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan, then until such time as a Benchmark Replacement for such Agreed Currency is implemented pursuant to this Section 2.14, (A) for Loans denominated in Dollars (1) any Term Benchmark Loan shall on the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Loan be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute, (x) an RFR Borrowing denominated in Dollars so long as the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for Dollar Borrowings is not the subject of a Benchmark Transition Event or (y) an ABR Loan if the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for Dollar Borrowings is the subject of a Benchmark Transition Event, on such day and (2) any RFR Loan shall on and from such day be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute an ABR Loan and (B) for Loans denominated in an Alternative Currency, (1) any Term Benchmark Loan shall, on the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Loan bear interest at the Central Bank Rate (or in the case of the Yen, the Japanese Prime Rate) for the applicable Alternative Currency plus the CBR Spread; provided that, if the Administrative Agent determines (which 

 65 

determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that the Central Bank Rate (or in the case of the Yen, the Japanese Prime Rate) for the applicable Alternative Currency cannot be determined, any outstanding affected Term Benchmark Loans denominated in any Alternative Currency shall, at the Borrower s election prior to such day: be prepaid by the Borrower on such day or solely for the purpose of calculating the interest rate applicable to such Term Benchmark Loan, such Term Benchmark Loan denominated in any Alternative Currency shall be deemed to be a Term Benchmark Loan denominated in Dollars and shall accrue interest at the same interest rate applicable to Term Benchmark Loans denominated in Dollars at such time and (2) any RFR Loan shall bear interest at the Central Bank Rate (or in the case of the Yen, the Japanese Prime Rate) for the applicable Alternative Currency plus the CBR Spread; provided that, if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that the Central Bank Rate (or in the case of the Yen, the Japanese Prime Rate) for the applicable Alternative Currency cannot be determined, any outstanding affected RFR Loans denominated in any Alternative Currency, at the Borrower s election, shall either (A) be converted into ABR Loans denominated in Dollars (in an amount equal to the Dollar Equivalent of such Alternative Currency) immediately or (B) be prepaid in full immediately.
 Section 2.15. Increased Costs . 
 (a) If any Change in Law shall:
 (i) impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit, liquidity or similar requirement (including any compulsory loan requirement, insurance charge or other assessment) against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended by, any Lender or Issuing Bank (except any such reserve requirement reflected in the Adjusted EURIBOR Rate or Adjusted TIBOR Rate, as applicable) or Issuing Bank;
 (ii) impose on any Lender or Issuing Bank or the applicable offshore interbank market for the applicable Agreed Currency any other condition, cost or expense (other than Taxes) affecting this Agreement or Loans made by such Lender or any Letter of Credit or participation therein; or
 (iii) subject any Recipient to any Taxes (other than Indemnified Taxes, Taxes described in clauses (b) through (d) of the definition of Excluded Taxes and Connection Income Taxes) on its loans, loan principal, letters of credit, commitments, or other obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto;
 and the result of any of the foregoing shall be to increase the cost to such Lender, Issuing Bank or such other Recipient of making, continuing, converting or maintaining any Loan (or of maintaining its obligation to make any such Loan) or to increase the cost to such Lender, such Issuing Bank or such other Recipient of participating in, issuing or maintaining any Letter of Credit or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Lender, Issuing Bank or such other Recipient hereunder (whether of principal, interest or otherwise), then the Borrower will pay to such Lender, such Issuing Bank or such other Recipient, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender, such Issuing Bank or such other Recipient, as the case may be, for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered. (b) If any Lender or Issuing Bank determines that any Change in Law regarding capital or liquidity requirements has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lender s or the Issuing Bank s capital or on the capital of such Lender s or Issuing Bank s holding 

 66 

company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement or the Loans made by, or participations in Letters of Credit held by, such Lender, or the Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank, to a level below that which such Lender or Issuing Bank or such Lender s or Issuing Bank s holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lender s or Issuing Bank s policies and the policies of such Lender s or Issuing Bank s holding company with respect to capital adequacy and liquidity), then from time to time the Borrower will pay to such Lender or Issuing Bank, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or Issuing Bank or such Lender s or Issuing Bank s holding company for any such reduction suffered.
 (c) A certificate of a Lender or Issuing Bank setting forth the amount or amounts necessary to compensate such Lender or Issuing Bank or its holding company, as the case may be, as specified in paragraph (a) or (b) of this Section shall be delivered to the Borrower and shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrower shall pay such Lender or Issuing Bank, as the case may be, the amount shown as due on any such certificate within 10 days after receipt thereof. 
 (d) Failure or delay on the part of any Lender or Issuing Bank to demand compensation pursuant to this Section shall not constitute a waiver of such Lender s or Issuing Bank s right to demand such compensation; provided that the Borrower shall not be required to compensate a Lender or Issuing Bank pursuant to this Section for any increased costs or reductions incurred more than 270 days prior to the date that such Lender or Issuing Bank, as the case may be, notifies the Borrower of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions and of such Lender s or Issuing Bank s intention to claim compensation therefor; provided further that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the 270-day period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof.
 Section 2.16. Break Funding Payments . 
 (a) With respect to Loans that are not RFR Loans, in the event of (i) the payment of any principal of any Term Benchmark Loan other than on the last day of an Interest Period applicable thereto (including as a result of an Event of Default or an optional or mandatory prepayment of Loans), (ii) the conversion of any Term Benchmark Loan other than on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto, (iii) the failure to borrow, convert, continue or prepay any Term Benchmark Loan on the date specified in any notice delivered pursuant hereto (regardless of whether such notice may be revoked under Section 2.11(b) and is revoked in accordance therewith), (iv) the assignment of any Term Benchmark Loan other than on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto as a result of a request by the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.19 or (v) the failure by the Borrower to make any payment of any Loan or drawing under any Letter of Credit (or interest due thereof) denominated in an Alternative Currency on its scheduled due date or any payment thereof in a different currency, then, in any such event, the Borrower shall compensate each Lender for the loss, cost and expense attributable to such event. A certificate of any Lender setting forth any amount or amounts that such Lender is entitled to receive pursuant to this Section shall be delivered to the Borrower and shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrower shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within 10 days after receipt thereof .
 (b) With respect to RFR Loans, in the event of (i) the payment of any principal of any RFR Loan other than on the Interest Payment Date applicable thereto (including as a result of an Event of Default or an optional or mandatory prepayment of Loans), (ii) the failure to borrow or prepay any RFR Loan on the date specified in any notice delivered pursuant hereto (regardless of 

 67 

whether such notice may be revoked under Section 2.11(b) and is revoked in accordance therewith), (iii) the assignment of any RFR Loan other than on the Interest Payment Date applicable thereto as a result of a request by the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.19 or (iv) the failure by the Borrower to make any payment of any Loan or drawing under any Letter of Credit (or interest due thereof) denominated in an Alternative Currency on its scheduled due date or any payment thereof in a different currency, then, in any such event, the Borrower shall compensate each Lender for the loss, cost and expense attributable to such event. A certificate of any Lender setting forth any amount or amounts that such Lender is entitled to receive pursuant to this Section shall be delivered to the Borrower and shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrower shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within 10 days after receipt thereof. 
 Section 2.17. Withholding of Taxes; Gross-Up. 
 (a) Payments Free of Taxes . Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document shall be made without deduction or withholding for any Taxes, except as required by applicable law. If any applicable law (as determined in the good faith discretion of an applicable withholding agent) requires the deduction or withholding of any Tax from any such payment by a withholding agent, then the applicable withholding agent shall be entitled to make such deduction or withholding and shall timely pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law and, if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax, then the sum payable by the applicable Loan Party shall be increased as necessary so that after such deduction or withholding has been made (including such deductions and withholdings applicable to additional sums payable under this Section) the applicable Recipient receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deduction or withholding been made.
 (b) Payment of Other Taxes by the Borrower . The Loan Parties shall timely pay to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law, or at the option of the Administrative Agent timely reimburse it for, Other Taxes. 
 (c) Evidence of Payments . As soon as practicable after any payment of Taxes by any Loan Party to a Governmental Authority pursuant to this Section, such Loan Party shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent.
 (d) Indemnification by the Borrower . The Loan Parties shall jointly and severally indemnify each Recipient, within 10 days after demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section payable or paid by such Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to such Recipient and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the Borrower by a Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), or by the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender, shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
 (e) Indemnification by the Lenders . Each Lender shall severally indemnify the Administrative Agent, within 10 days after demand therefor, for any Indemnified Taxes 

 68 

attributable to such Lender (but only to the extent that any Loan Party has not already indemnified the Administrative Agent for such Indemnified Taxes and without limiting the obligation of the Loan Parties to do so), any Taxes attributable to such Lender s failure to comply with the provisions of Section 9.04(c) relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register and any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender, in each case, that are payable or paid by the Administrative Agent in connection with any Loan Document, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to setoff and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender under any Loan Document or otherwise payable by the Administrative Agent to the Lenders from any other source against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under this paragraph (e).
 (f) Status of Lenders . Any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments made under any Loan Document shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Lender, if reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable law or reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in Section 2.17(f)(ii)(A), (ii) (B) and (ii) (D) below) shall not be required if in the Lender s reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender.
 (i) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, in the event that the Borrower is a U.S. Person,
 (A) any Lender that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), an executed copy of IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding tax;
 (B) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), whichever of the following is applicable:
 (1) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party (x) with respect to payments of interest under any Loan Document, an executed copy of IRS Form W-8BEN-E or IRS Form W-8BEN establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant 

 69 

to the interest article of such tax treaty and (y) with respect to any other applicable payments under any Loan Document, IRS Form W-8BEN-E or IRS Form W-8BEN establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the business profits or other income article of such tax treaty;
 (2) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming that its extension of credit will generate U.S. effectively connected income, an executed copy of IRS Form W-8ECI;
 (3) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code, (x) a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit E-1 to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, a 10 percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or a controlled foreign corporation described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code (a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate and (y) an executed copy of IRS Form W-8BEN-E or IRS Form W-8BEN; or
 (4) to the extent a Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner, an executed copy of IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN-E, IRS Form W-8BEN, a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit E-2 or Exhibit E-3, IRS Form W-9, and/or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable; provided that if the Foreign Lender is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit E-4 on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner;
 (C) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), executed copies of any other form prescribed by applicable law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable law to permit the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made; and
 (D) if a payment made to a Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by applicable law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative 

 70 

Agent as may be necessary for the Borrower and the Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Lender has complied with such Lender s obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (D), FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement.
 Each Lender agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification or promptly notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so. (g) Treatment of Certain Refunds . If any party determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified pursuant to this Section (including by the payment of additional amounts pursuant to this Section), it shall pay to the indemnifying party an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made under this Section with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) of such indemnified party and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund). Such indemnifying party, upon the request of such indemnified party, shall repay to such indemnified party the amount paid over pursuant to this paragraph (h) (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) in the event that such indemnified party is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this paragraph (h), in no event will the indemnified party be required to pay any amount to an indemnifying party pursuant to this paragraph (h) the payment of which would place the indemnified party in a less favorable net after-Tax position than the indemnified party would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect to such Tax had never been paid. This paragraph shall not be construed to require any indemnified party to make available its Tax returns (or any other information relating to its Taxes that it deems confidential) to the indemnifying party or any other Person. 
 (h) Survival . Each party s obligations under this Section shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all obligations under any Loan Document.
 (i) Defined Terms . For purposes of this Section, the term Lender includes any Issuing Bank and the term applicable law includes FATCA.
 Section 2.18. Payments Generally; Pro Rata Treatment; Sharing of Setoffs . 
 (a) Except with respect to principal of and interest on Loans denominated in an Alternative Currency, the Borrower shall make each payment or prepayment required to be made by it hereunder (whether of principal, interest, fees or reimbursement of LC Disbursements, or of amounts payable under Section 2.15, 2.16 or 2.17, or otherwise) in Dollars prior to 12:00 noon, New York City time, on the date when due or the date fixed for any prepayment hereunder and all payments with respect to principal and interest on Loans denominated in an Alternative Currency shall be made in such Alternative Currency not later than the Applicable Time specified by the Administrative Agent on the dates specified herein, in each case, in immediately available funds, without setoff, recoupment or counterclaim. Any amounts received after such time on any date 

 71 

may, in the discretion of the Administrative Agent, be deemed to have been received on the next succeeding Business Day for purposes of calculating interest thereon. All such payments shall be made to the Administrative Agent at its offices at 383 Madison Avenue, New York, New York, except payments to be made directly to Issuing Banks or the Swingline Lender as expressly provided herein and except that payments pursuant to Sections 2.15, 2.16, 2.17 and 9.03 shall be made directly to the Persons entitled thereto. The Administrative Agent shall distribute any such payments received by it for the account of any other Person to the appropriate recipient promptly following receipt thereof. If any payment hereunder shall be due on a day that is not a Business Day, the date for payment shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day, and, in the case of any payment accruing interest, interest thereon shall be payable for the period of such extension. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Administrative Agent may require that any payments due under this Agreement be made in the United States. If, for any reason, the Borrower is prohibited by any Law from making any required payment hereunder in an Alternative Currency, such Borrower shall make such payment in Dollars in the Dollar Equivalent of the Alternative Currency payment amount. 
 (b) At any time that payments are not required to be applied in the manner required by Section 7.03, if at any time insufficient funds are received by and available to the Administrative Agent to pay fully all amounts of principal, unreimbursed LC Disbursements, interest and fees then due hereunder, such funds shall be applied first, towards payment of interest and fees then due hereunder, ratably among the parties entitled thereto in accordance with the amounts of interest and fees then due to such parties, and second, towards payment of principal and unreimbursed LC Disbursements then due hereunder, ratably among the parties entitled thereto in accordance with the amounts of principal and unreimbursed LC Disbursements then due to such parties.
 (c) If any Lender shall, by exercising any right of setoff or counterclaim or otherwise, obtain payment in respect of any principal of or interest on any of its Revolving Loans or participations in LC Disbursements or Swingline Loans resulting in such Lender receiving payment of a greater proportion of the aggregate amount of its Revolving Loans and participations in LC Disbursements and Swingline Loans and accrued interest thereon than the proportion received by any other Lender, then the Lender receiving such greater proportion shall purchase (for cash at face value) participations in the Revolving Loans and participations in LC Disbursements and Swingline Loans of other Lenders to the extent necessary so that the benefit of all such payments shall be shared by the Lenders ratably in accordance with the aggregate amount of principal of and accrued interest on their respective Revolving Loans and participations in LC Disbursements and Swingline Loans; provided that if any such participations are purchased and all or any portion of the payment giving rise thereto is recovered, such participations shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, without interest, and the provisions of this paragraph shall not be construed to apply to any payment made by the Borrower pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement or any payment obtained by a Lender as consideration for the assignment of or sale of a participation in any of its Loans or participations in LC Disbursements to any assignee or participant, other than to the Borrower or any Subsidiary or Affiliate thereof (as to which the provisions of this paragraph shall apply). The Borrower consents to the foregoing and agrees, to the extent it may effectively do so under applicable law, that any Lender acquiring a participation pursuant to the foregoing arrangements may exercise against the Borrower rights of setoff and counterclaim with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were a direct creditor of the Borrower in the amount of such participation. 

 72 

(d) Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received, prior to any date on which any payment is due to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders or the Issuing Banks pursuant to the terms hereof or any other Loan Document (including any date that is fixed for prepayment by notice from the Borrower to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 2.11(b) ), notice from the Borrower that the Borrower will not make such payment or prepayment, the Administrative Agent may assume that the Borrower has made such payment on such date in accordance herewith and may, in reliance upon such assumption, distribute to the Lenders or the Issuing Banks, as the case may be, the amount due. In such event, if the Borrower has not in fact made such payment, then each of the Lenders or the Issuing Banks, as the case may be, severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the amount so distributed to such Lender or Issuing Bank with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the applicable Overnight Rate. 
 (e) At the election of the Administrative Agent, all payments of principal, interest, LC Disbursements, fees, premiums, reimbursable expenses (including, without limitation, all reimbursement for fees, costs and expenses pursuant to Section 9.03), and other sums payable under the Loan Documents, may be paid from the proceeds of Borrowings made hereunder, whether made following a request by the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.03 or a deemed request as provided in this Section or may be deducted from any deposit account of the Borrower maintained with the Lender. The Borrower hereby irrevocably authorizes (i) the Administrative Agent to make a Borrowing for the purpose of paying each payment of principal, interest and fees as it becomes due hereunder or any other amount due under the Loan Documents and agrees that all such amounts charged shall constitute Loans, and that all such Borrowings shall be deemed to have been requested pursuant to Sections 2.03 and (ii) the Administrative Agent to charge any deposit account of the Borrower maintained with the Administrative Agent for each payment of principal, interest and fees as it becomes due hereunder or any other amount due under the Loan Documents.
 Section 2.19. Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders . 
 (a) If any Lender requests compensation under Section 2.15, or if the Borrower is required to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.17, then such Lender shall use reasonable efforts to designate a different lending office for funding or booking its Loans hereunder or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or affiliates, if, in the judgment of such Lender, such designation or assignment would eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to Sections 2.15 or 2.17, as the case may be, in the future and would not subject such Lender to any unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender. The Borrower hereby agrees to pay all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by any Lender in connection with any such designation or assignment. 
 (b) If any Lender requests compensation under Section 2.15, or if the Borrower is required to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.17, or if any Lender becomes Defaulting Lender, then the Borrower may, at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to such Lender and the Administrative Agent, require such Lender to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in Section 9.04), all its interests, rights (other than its existing rights to payments pursuant to Sections 2.15 or 2.17) and obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to an assignee that shall assume such obligations (which assignee may be another Lender, if a Lender accepts such assignment); provided that the 

 73 

Borrower shall have received the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent (and if a Commitment is being assigned, the Issuing Banks and the Swingline Lender), which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld, such Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal of its Loans and participations in LC Disbursements and Swingline Loans, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder, from the assignee (to the extent of such outstanding principal and accrued interest and fees) or the Borrower (in the case of all other amounts) and in the case of any such assignment resulting from a claim for compensation under Section 2.15 or payments required to be made pursuant to Section 2.17 , such assignment will result in a reduction in such compensation or payments. A Lender shall not be required to make any such assignment and delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or otherwise, the circumstances entitling the Borrower to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply. Each party hereto agrees that an assignment required pursuant to this paragraph may be effected pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption executed by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the assignee (or, to the extent applicable, an agreement incorporating an Assignment and Assumption by reference pursuant to an Approved Electronic Platform as to which the Administrative Agent and such parties are participants), and the Lender required to make such assignment need not be a party thereto in order for such assignment to be effective and shall be deemed to have consented to an be bound by the terms thereof; provided that, following the effectiveness of any such assignment, the other parties to such assignment agree to execute and deliver such documents necessary to evidence such assignment as reasonably requested by the applicable Lender; provided that any such documents shall be without recourse to or warranty by the parties thereto.
 Section 2.20. Defaulting Lenders. 
 Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then the following provisions shall apply for so long as such Lender is a Defaulting Lender: (a) fees shall cease to accrue on the unfunded portion of the Commitment of such Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 2.12(a);
 (b) any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Defaulting Lender (whether voluntary or mandatory, at maturity, pursuant to Section 7.03 or otherwise) or received by the Administrative Agent from a Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 9.08 shall be applied at such time or times as may be determined by the Administrative Agent as follows: first, to the payment of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent hereunder; second, to the payment on a pro rata basis of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to any Issuing Bank or Swingline Lender hereunder; third, to cash collateralize LC Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender in accordance with this Section; fourth, as the Borrower may request (so long as no Default or Event of Default exists), to the funding of any Loan in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has failed to fund its portion thereof as required by this Agreement, as determined by the Administrative Agent; fifth, if so determined by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, to be held in a deposit account and released pro rata in order to (x) satisfy such Defaulting Lender s potential future funding obligations with respect to Loans under this Agreement and (y) cash collateralize future LC Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender with respect to future Letters of Credit issued under this Agreement, in accordance with this Section; sixth, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Lenders, the Issuing Banks or the Swingline Lender as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by any Lender, the Issuing 

 74 

Banks or the Swingline Lender against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender s breach of its obligations under this Agreement or under any other Loan Document; seventh, so long as no Default or Event of Default exists, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Borrower as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by the Borrower against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender s breach of its obligations under this Agreement or under any other Loan Document; and eighth, to such Defaulting Lender or as otherwise directed by a court of competent jurisdiction; provided that if (x) such payment is a payment of the principal amount of any Loans or LC Disbursements in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has not fully funded its appropriate share, and (y) such Loans were made or the related Letters of Credit were issued at a time when the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 were satisfied or waived, such payment shall be applied solely to pay the Loans of, and LC Disbursements owed to, all non-Defaulting Lenders on a pro rata basis prior to being applied to the payment of any Loans of, or LC Disbursements owed to, such Defaulting Lender until such time as all Loans and funded and unfunded participations in the Borrower s obligations corresponding to such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure and Swingline Loans are held by the Lenders pro rata in accordance with the Commitments without giving effect to clause (d) below. Any payments, prepayments or other amounts paid or payable to a Defaulting Lender that are applied (or held) to pay amounts owed by a Defaulting Lender or to post cash collateral pursuant to this Section shall be deemed paid to and redirected by such Defaulting Lender, and each Lender irrevocably consents hereto.
 (c) the Commitment and Revolving Credit Exposure of such Defaulting Lender shall not be included in determining whether the Required Lenders have taken or may take any action hereunder (including any consent to any amendment, waiver or other modification pursuant to Section 9.02); provided that this clause (c) shall not apply to the vote of a Defaulting Lender in the case of an amendment, waiver or other modification requiring the consent of such Lender or each Lender affected thereby;
 (d) if any Swingline Exposure or LC Exposure exists at the time such Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender then:
 (i) all or any part of the Swingline Exposure and LC Exposure of such Defaulting Lender (other than, in the case of a Defaulting Lender that is the Swingline Lender, the portion of such Swingline Exposure referred to in clause (b) of the definition of such term) shall be reallocated among the non-Defaulting Lenders in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentages but only to the extent that such reallocation does not, as to any non-Defaulting Lender, cause such non-Defaulting Lender s Revolving Credit Exposure to exceed its Commitment; 
 (ii) if the reallocation described in clause (i) above cannot, or can only partially, be effected, the Borrower shall within one Business Day following notice by the Administrative Agent (x) first, prepay such Swingline Exposure and (y) second, cash collateralize for the benefit of the Issuing Banks only the Borrower s obligations corresponding to such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure (after giving effect to any partial reallocation pursuant to clause (i) above) in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 2.06(j) for so long as such LC Exposure is outstanding;
 (iii) if the Borrower cash collateralizes any portion of such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure pursuant to clause (ii) above, the Borrower shall not be required to pay any fees to such Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 2.12(b) with respect to such 

 75 

Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure during the period such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure is cash collateralized;
 (iv) if the LC Exposure of the non-Defaulting Lenders is reallocated pursuant to clause (i) above, then the fees payable to the Lenders pursuant to Section 2.12(a) and Section 2.12(b) shall be adjusted in accordance with such non-Defaulting Lenders Applicable Percentages; and
 (v) if all or any portion of such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure is neither reallocated nor cash collateralized pursuant to clause (i) or (ii) above, then, without prejudice to any rights or remedies of any Issuing Bank or any other Lender hereunder, all commitment fees that otherwise would have been payable to such Defaulting Lender (solely with respect to the portion of such Defaulting Lender s Commitment that was utilized by such LC Exposure) and letter of credit fees payable under Section 2.12(b) with respect to such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure shall be payable to the Issuing Banks until and to the extent that such LC Exposure is reallocated and/or cash collateralized; and
 (e) so long as such Lender is a Defaulting Lender, the Swingline Lender shall not be required to fund any Swingline Loan and no Issuing Bank shall be required to issue, amend or increase any Letter of Credit, unless it is satisfied that the related exposure and the Defaulting Lender s then outstanding LC Exposure will be 100 covered by the Commitments of the non-Defaulting Lenders and/or cash collateral will be provided by the Borrower in accordance with Section 2.20(d), and Swingline Exposure related to any newly made Swingline Loan or LC Exposure related to any newly issued or increased Letter of Credit shall be allocated among non-Defaulting Lenders in a manner consistent with Section 2.20(d)(i) (and such Defaulting Lender shall not participate therein).
 If (i) a Bankruptcy Event or a Bail-In Action with respect to a Lender Parent shall occur following the date hereof and for so long as such event shall continue or (ii) the Swingline Lender or any Issuing Bank has a good faith belief that any Lender has defaulted in fulfilling its obligations under one or more other agreements in which such Lender commits to extend credit, no Swingline Lender shall be required to fund any Swingline Loan and no Issuing Bank shall be required to issue, amend or increase any Letter of Credit, unless the Swingline Lender or the Issuing Banks, as the case may be, shall have entered into arrangements with the Borrower or such Lender, satisfactory to the Swingline Lender or Issuing Bank, as the case may be, to defease any risk to it in respect of such Lender hereunder. In the event that each of the Administrative Agent, the Borrower, the Swingline Lender and each Issuing Bank agrees that a Defaulting Lender has adequately remedied all matters that caused such Lender to be a Defaulting Lender, then the Swingline Exposure and LC Exposure of the Lenders shall be readjusted to reflect the inclusion of such Lender s Commitment and on such date such Lender shall purchase at par such of the Loans of the other Lenders (other than Swingline Loans) as the Administrative Agent shall determine may be necessary in order for such Lender to hold such Loans in accordance with its Applicable Percentage. Section 2.21. Revolving Commitment Increase . In the event that the Borrower wishes to increase the aggregate amount of the Commitment, it shall notify the Lenders of the amount of such proposed increase (such notice, a Commitment Increase Offer ). If each Lender, in its sole discretion, accepts a Commitment Increase Offer in writing, then such Lender shall be bound by 

 76 

and entitled to the benefits of this Agreement with respect to the full amount of its Commitment as so increased, and the definition of Commitment shall be deemed to be amended to so increase the Commitment of such Lender. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section, (i) in no event shall any transaction effected pursuant to this Section cause the aggregate Commitment to exceed 300,000,000, (ii) no Lender shall have an obligation to increase its Commitment unless it agrees to do so in its sole discretion, (iii) any increase shall be in a minimum amount of 5,000,000, and (iv) the Borrower may make a maximum of three such Commitment Increase Offers.
 Article 3 Representations and Warranties
 Each Loan Party represents and warrants to the to the Lenders that (and where applicable, agrees): Section 3.01. Organization; Powers . Each Loan Party and its Subsidiaries is duly organized or formed, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization, has all requisite power and authority to carry on its business as now conducted and, except where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, is not reasonably likely to result in a Material Adverse Effect, is qualified to do business in, and is in good standing in, every jurisdiction where such qualification is required. 
 Section 3.02. Authorization; Enforceability . The Transactions are within each Loan Party s corporate or other organizational powers and have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or other organizational and, if required, stockholder action. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Loan Parties and constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of each Loan Party, enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other laws affecting creditors rights generally and subject to general principles of equity, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law. 
 Section 3.03. Governmental Approvals; No Conflicts . The Transactions do not require any consent or approval of, registration or filing with, or any other action by, any Governmental Authority, except such as have been obtained or made and are in full force and effect, will not violate any applicable law or regulation or the charter, by-laws or other organizational documents of the Loan Parties or any of the Subsidiaries or any order of any Governmental Authority, except where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, is not reasonably likely to result in a Material Adverse Effect will not violate or result in a default under any indenture, agreement or other instrument binding upon the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or its assets, or give rise to a right thereunder to require any payment to be made by the Loan Parties or any of the Subsidiaries, except where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, is not reasonably likely to result in a Material Adverse Effect and will not result in the creation or imposition of, or the requirement to create, any Lien on any asset of the Loan Parties or any of the Subsidiaries.
 Section 3.04. Financial Condition; No Material Adverse Change; No Default . 
 (a) The Loan Parties have heretofore furnished to the Lenders its consolidated balance sheet and statements of income, stockholders equity and cash flows as of and for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, reported on by Grant Thornton LLP, independent public 

 77 

accountants, and as of and for the fiscal quarter and the portion of the fiscal year ended September 30, 2022, certified by its chief financial officer. Such financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position and results of operations and cash flows of the Loan Parties and the consolidated Subsidiaries as of such dates and for such periods in accordance with GAAP, subject to year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes in the case of the statements referred to in clause (ii) above. 
 (b) Since December 31, 2021, there has been no material adverse change in the business, assets, operations, or condition, financial or otherwise, of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole.
 Section 3.05. Properties . 
 (a) Each of the Loan Parties and the Subsidiaries have good title to, or valid leasehold interests in, all its real and personal property material to its business, except for minor defects in title that do not interfere with its ability to conduct its business as currently conducted or to utilize such properties for their intended purposes.
 (b) Each of the Loan Parties and the Subsidiaries owns, or is licensed to use, all trademarks, trade names, copyrights, patents and other intellectual property material to its business, and the use thereof by the Loan Parties and the Subsidiaries does not infringe upon the rights of any other Person, except for any such infringements that, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.
 Section 3.06. Litigation and Environmental Matters . 
 (a) There are no actions, suits or proceedings by or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority pending against or, to the knowledge of the Loan Parties, threatened against or affecting the Loan Parties or any of the Subsidiaries as to which there is a reasonable possibility of an adverse determination and that, if adversely determined, could reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect (other than the Disclosed Matters) or that involve this Agreement or the Transactions.
 (b) Except for the Disclosed Matters and except with respect to any other matters that, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, neither the Loan Parties nor any of the Subsidiaries has failed to comply with any Environmental Law or to obtain, maintain or comply with any permit, license or other approval required under any Environmental Law, has become subject to any Environmental Liability, has received notice of any claim with respect to any Environmental Liability or knows of any basis for any Environmental Liability.
 (c) Since the date of this Agreement, there has been no change in the status of the Disclosed Matters that, individually or in the aggregate, has resulted in, or materially increased the likelihood of, a Material Adverse Effect.
 Section 3.07. Compliance with Laws and Agreements . Each of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries are in compliance with all laws, regulations and orders of any Governmental Authority applicable to it or its property and all indentures, agreements and other instruments binding upon it or its property, except where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, 

 78 

could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. No Default has occurred and is continuing. 
 Section 3.08. Investment Company Status . Neither the Loan Parties nor any of the Subsidiaries is an investment company as defined in, or subject to regulation under, the Investment Company Act of 1940. 
 Section 3.09. Taxes . Each of the Loan Parties and the Subsidiaries has timely filed or caused to be filed all Tax returns and reports required to have been filed and has paid or caused to be paid all Taxes required to have been paid by it, except Taxes that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which such Loan Parties or such Subsidiaries, as applicable, has set aside on its books adequate reserves or to the extent that the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.
 Section 3.10. ERISA . No ERISA Event has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur that, when taken together with all other such ERISA Events for which liability is reasonably expected to occur, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. The present value of all accumulated benefit obligations under each Plan (based on the assumptions used for purposes of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 87) did not, as of the date of the most recent financial statements reflecting such amounts, exceed the fair market value of the assets of such Plan, and the present value of all accumulated benefit obligations of all underfunded Plans (based on the assumptions used for purposes of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 87) did not, as of the date of the most recent financial statements reflecting such amounts, exceed the fair market value of the assets of all such underfunded Plans. 
 Section 3.11. Disclosure . 
 (a) The Loan Parties have disclosed to the Lenders all agreements, instruments and corporate or other restrictions to which it or any of its Subsidiaries is subject, and all other matters known to it, that, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. None of the reports, financial statements, certificates or other information furnished by or on behalf of the Loan Parties or any Subsidiary to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection with the negotiation of this Agreement or delivered hereunder (as modified or supplemented by other information so furnished) contains any material misstatement of fact or omits to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; provided that, with respect to projected financial information, the Loan Parties represent only that such information was prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time. 
 (b) As of the Effective Date, to the best knowledge of the Loan Parties, the information included in the Beneficial Ownership Certification provided on or prior to the Effective Date to any Lender in connection with this Agreement is true and correct in all respects.
 Section 3.12. Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions . Each Loan Party has implemented and maintains in effect policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance by such Loan Party, its Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions, and such Loan Party, its Subsidiaries and their respective officers and directors and to the knowledge of the Borrower its employees and agents, are in compliance with applicable Sanctions and Anti-Corruption Laws. None of the Loan 

 79 

Parties, any Subsidiary, any of their respective directors or officers or to the knowledge of the Loan Parties or their Subsidiaries employees, or to the knowledge of the Loan Parties, any agent of any Loan Parties or any Subsidiary that will act in any capacity in connection with or benefit from the credit facility established hereby, is a Sanctioned Person. No Borrowing or Letter of Credit, use of proceeds or other Transaction contemplated by this Agreement will violate any Anti-Corruption Law or applicable Sanctions.
 Section 3.13. Affected Financial Institutions . No Loan Party is an Affected Financial Institution. 
 Section 3.14. Plan Assets; Prohibited Transactions . The Loan Parties nor any of the Subsidiaries is an entity deemed to hold plan assets (within the meaning of the Plan Asset Regulations), and neither the execution, delivery nor performance of the transactions contemplated under this Agreement, including the making of any Loan and the issuance of any Letter of Credit hereunder, will give rise to a non-exempt prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code.
 Section 3.15. Margin Regulations . The Loan Parties have not engaged and will not engage, principally or as one of its important activities, in the business of purchasing or carrying Margin Stock, or extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying Margin Stock, and no part of the proceeds of any Borrowing or Letter of Credit extension hereunder will be used to buy or carry any Margin Stock. Following the application of the proceeds of each Borrowing or drawing under each Letter of Credit, not more than 25 of the value of the assets (either of the Borrower only or of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis) will be Margin Stock. 
 Section 3.16. Solvency . 
 (a) Immediately after the consummation of the Transactions to occur on the Effective Date, (i) the fair value of the assets of each Loan Party, at a fair valuation, will exceed its debts and liabilities, subordinated, contingent or otherwise; (ii) the present fair saleable value of the property of each Loan Party will be greater than the amount that will be required to pay the probable liability of its debts and other liabilities, subordinated, contingent or otherwise, as such debts and other liabilities become absolute and matured; (iii) each Loan Party will be able to pay its debts and liabilities, subordinated, contingent or otherwise, as such debts and liabilities become absolute and matured; and (iv) no Loan Party will have unreasonably small capital with which to conduct the business in which it is engaged as such business is now conducted and is proposed to be conducted after the Effective Date.
 (b) No Loan Party intends to, nor will permit any Subsidiary to, and no Loan Party believes that it or any Subsidiary will, incur debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as they mature, taking into account the timing of and amounts of cash to be received by it or any such Subsidiary and the timing of the amounts of cash to be payable on or in respect of its Indebtedness or the Indebtedness of any such Subsidiary.
 Section 3.17. Insurance . Schedule 3.17 sets forth a description of all insurance maintained by or on behalf of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries as of the Effective Date. As of the Effective Date, all premiums in respect of such insurance have been paid. The Loan Parties believe that the insurance maintained by or on behalf of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries is 

 80 

adequate and is customary for companies engaged in the same or similar businesses operating in the same or similar locations. 
 Section 3.18. [ Reserved ]
 Section 3.19. Subsidiaries . Except as disclosed to the Administrative Agent by the Borrower in writing from time to time after the Effective Date, which shall be a supplement to Schedule 3.19, (a) Schedule 3.19 sets forth (i) each Subsidiary s name as listed in the public records of its jurisdiction of organization and jurisdiction of organization, and the location of its principal place of business and chief executive office and, as to each such Subsidiary, the percentage of each class of Equity Interests issued by such Subsidiary and, if such percentage is not 100 (excluding directors qualifying shares as required by law), a description of each class issued and outstanding and (ii) the identity of each Guarantor. All of the outstanding shares or other Equity Interests of each such Subsidiary owned by the Borrower or any other Subsidiary are validly issued and outstanding and, to the extent applicable, fully paid and not assessable, and all such shares or other Equity Interests are owned, beneficially and of record, free and clear of all Liens other than restrictions on transfer imposed by applicable law. There are no outstanding subscriptions, options, warrants, calls, rights or other agreements or commitments (other than stock options granted to employees or directors and directors qualifying shares) of any nature relating to any Equity Interests of the Borrower or any Subsidiary, except as created by the Loan Documents and securities laws and other Liens permitted hereunder that arise by operation of law. 
 Section 3.20. [ Reserved ]
 Section 3.21. Material Agreements . No Loan Party or any Subsidiary is in default in the performance, observance or fulfillment of any of the obligations, covenants or conditions contained in any Material Agreement or instrument evidencing or governing Material Indebtedness. 
 Section 3.22. Employment Matters . As of the Effective Date, there are no strikes, lockouts or slowdowns against any Loan Party or any Subsidiary pending or, to the knowledge of any Loan Party, threatened. The hours worked by and payments made to employees of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries have not been in violation of the Fair Labor Standards Act or any other applicable federal, state, local or foreign law dealing with such matters, the violation of which is not reasonably likely to result in a Material Adverse Effect. All payments due from any Loan Party or any Subsidiary, or for which any claim may be made against any Loan Party or any Subsidiary, on account of wages and employee health and welfare insurance and other benefits, have been paid or accrued as a liability on the books of such Loan Party or such Subsidiary. 
 Section 3.23. [ Reserved ]
 Section 3.24. Use of Proceeds . The proceeds of the Loans have been used and will be used, whether directly or indirectly as set forth in Section 5.08. 
 Section 3.25. No Burdensome Restrictions . No Loan Party is subject to any Burdensome Restrictions except Burdensome Restrictions permitted under Section 6.11. 

 81 

Article 4 Conditions
 Section 4.01. Effective Date . The obligations of the Lenders to make Loans and of the Issuing Banks to issue Letters of Credit hereunder shall not become effective until the date on which each of the following conditions is satisfied (or waived in accordance with Section 9.02):
 (a) The Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received (i) from each party hereto a counterpart of this Agreement signed on behalf of such party and (ii) duly executed copies of the other Loan Documents and such other certificates, documents, instruments and agreements as the Lenders shall reasonably request in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other Loan Documents (which, subject to Section 9.06(b), may include any Electronic Signatures transmitted by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page).
 (b) The Administrative Agent shall have received a favorable written opinion (addressed to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders and dated the Effective Date) of Morgan, Lewis Bockius LLP, counsel for the Borrower, and covering such other matters relating to the Loan Parties, the Loan Documents or the Transactions as the Required Lenders shall reasonably request.
 (c) The Administrative Agent shall have received such documents and certificates as the Administrative Agent or its counsel may reasonably request relating to the organization, existence and good standing of the Borrower, the authorization of the Transactions and any other legal matters relating to the Borrower, this Agreement or the Transactions, all in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and its counsel.
 (d) The Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate, dated the Effective Date and signed by the President, a Vice President or a Financial Officer of the Borrower, confirming compliance with the conditions set forth in paragraphs (a) and (b) of Section 4.02.
 (e) The Administrative Agent shall have received all fees and other amounts due and payable on or prior to the Effective Date, including, to the extent invoiced, reimbursement or payment of all out of pocket expenses required to be reimbursed or paid by the Borrower hereunder.
 (f) The Administrative Agent shall have received the audited financial statements and the unaudited quarterly financial statements of the Borrower referred to in Section 3.04(a).
 (g) The Administrative Agent shall have received, at least five days prior to the Effective Date, all documentation and other information regarding the Borrower requested in connection with applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the Patriot Act, to the extent requested in writing of the Borrower at least 10 days prior to the Effective Date and to the extent the Borrower qualifies as a legal entity customer under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, at least five days prior to the Effective Date, any Lender that has requested, in a written notice to the Borrower at least 10 days prior to the Effective Date, a Beneficial Ownership Certification in relation to the Borrower shall have received such Beneficial Ownership Certification (provided that, upon the execution and delivery by such Lender of its signature page to this Agreement, the condition set forth in this clause (ii) shall be deemed to be satisfied).

 82 

(h) [Reserved]
 (i) The Administrative Agent shall have received the results of a recent lien search in the jurisdiction of organization of each Loan Party and each jurisdiction where assets of the Loan Parties are located, and such search shall reveal no Liens on any of the assets of the Loan Parties except for liens permitted by Section 6.02 or discharged on or prior to the Effective Date pursuant to a pay-off letter or other documentation satisfactory to the Lenders.
 (j) The Administrative Agent shall have received evidence of insurance coverage in form, scope, and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and otherwise in compliance with the terms of Section 5.05 of this Agreement.
 (k) [Reserved].
 (l) The Administrative Agent shall have received satisfactory pay-off and release letters with respect to the credit facility evidenced by that certain Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of December 31, 2018, (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or modified) between the Borrower, certain other Loan Parties party thereto from time to time and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. as Lender).
 (m) The Lenders shall have received such other documents as the Administrative Agent, the Lenders or their counsel may have reasonably requested.
 The Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower and the Lenders of the Effective Date, and such notice shall be conclusive and binding. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the obligations of the Lenders to make Loans and of the Issuing Banks to issue Letters of Credit hereunder shall not become effective unless each of the foregoing conditions is satisfied (or waived pursuant to Section 9.02) at or prior to 3:00 p.m., New York City time, on December 15, 2022 (and, in the event such conditions are not so satisfied or waived, the Commitments shall terminate at such time). Section 4.02. Each Credit Event . The obligation of each Lender to make a Loan on the occasion of any Borrowing, and of each Issuing Bank to issue, amend or extend any Letter of Credit, is subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions: 
 (a) The representations and warranties of the Borrower set forth in this Agreement shall be true and correct in all material respects with same effect as though made on and as of the date of such Borrowing or the date of issuance, amendment or extension of such Letter of Credit, as applicable (it being understood and agreed that any representation or warranty that by its terms is made as of a specified date shall be required to be true and correct in all material respects only as of such specified date).
 (b) At the time of and immediately after giving effect to such Borrowing or the issuance, amendment or extension of such Letter of Credit, as applicable, no Default shall have occurred and be continuing.
 (c) The Administrative Agent shall have received a Borrowing Request (or any request for the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of a Letter of Credit) as required by Section 2.03 in respect of a Borrowing, or in the case of the issuance, amendment, extension or renewal of a Letter of Credit, the applicable Issuing Bank and the Administrative Agent shall have received a request as required by Section 2.06(b).

 83 

(d) After giving effect to any Borrowing or the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit, Availability shall not be less than zero.
 (e) No event shall have occurred and no condition shall exist which has or could be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
 Each Borrowing and each issuance, amendment or extension of a Letter of Credit shall be deemed to constitute a representation and warranty by the Borrower on the date thereof as to the matters specified in paragraphs (a), (b), (c) and (d) of this Section. Article 5 Affirmative Covenants
 Until the Commitments have expired or been terminated and the principal of and interest on each Loan and all fees payable hereunder shall have been paid in full and all Letters of Credit shall have expired or terminated, in each case, without any pending draw, and all LC Disbursements shall have been reimbursed, the Borrower covenants and agrees with the Lenders that: Section 5.01. Financial Statements; Ratings Change and Other Information . The Borrower will furnish to the Administrative Agent and each Lender, including their Public-Siders: 
 (a) within 90 days after the end of each fiscal year of the Borrower (commencing with the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022), its audited consolidated and consolidating balance sheet and related statements of operations, stockholders equity and cash flows as of the end of and for such year (on Form 10-K), setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous fiscal year, all reported on by Grant Thornton LLP or other independent public accountants acceptable to the Lenders (without a going concern or like qualification, commentary or exception, and without any qualification or exception as to the scope of such audit) to the effect that such consolidated financial statements present fairly in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP consistently applied and, as soon as it shall become available, the annual report to its shareholders for the applicable fiscal year, all of which may be delivered via the EDGAR System or via posting on the Borrower s website;
 (b) within 45 days after the end of each of the fiscal quarters of the Borrower (commencing with the fiscal quarter ending March 31, 2023), its consolidated balance sheet and related statements of operations, stockholders equity and cash flows as of the end of and for such fiscal quarter and the then elapsed portion of such fiscal year (on Form 10-Q in a manner, and with such information, consistent with past practices), setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the corresponding period or periods of (or, in the case of the balance sheet, as of the end of) the previous fiscal year, all certified by one of its Financial Officers as presenting fairly in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP consistently applied, subject to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes which may be delivered via the EDGAR System or via posting on the Borrower s website;
 (c) [reserved];

 84 

(d) concurrently with any delivery of financial statements under Section 5.01(a) and Section 5.01(b) (collectively or individually, as the context requires, the Financial Statements ), a certificate of a Financial Officer of the Borrower, substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit F (a Compliance Certificate ), certifying, in the case of the Financial Statements delivered under clause (a) or (b) above, as presenting fairly in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP consistently applied, subject to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes, certifying as to whether a Default has occurred and, if a Default has occurred, specifying the details thereof and any action taken or proposed to be taken with respect thereto, setting forth reasonably detailed calculations demonstrating compliance with each of the financial covenants set forth in Section 6.13, stating whether any change in GAAP or in the application thereof has occurred since the date of the audited financial statements referred to in Section 3.04 and, if any such change has occurred, specifying the effect of such change on the financial statements accompanying such certificate , and specifying the identity of each Guarantor as of the end of such fiscal quarter or fiscal year (and including reasonable detail, in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, with respect thereto), as the case may be; 
 (e) [reserved];
 (f) promptly after the same become publicly available, copies of all periodic and other reports, proxy statements and other materials filed by the Borrower or any Subsidiary with the SEC or any Governmental Authority succeeding to any or all of the functions of said Commission, or distributed by the Borrower to its shareholders generally, as the case may be;
 (g) promptly following any request therefor, and with the consent of the Borrower s independent accountants, copies of any management letters submitted to the board of directors of the Borrower by independent accountants in connection with the accounts or books of the Borrower or any Subsidiary, or any audit of any of them as the Administrative Agent or any Lender (through the Administrative Agent) may reasonably request;
 (h) promptly following any request therefor, (x) such other information regarding the operations, business affairs and financial condition of the Borrower or any Subsidiary, or compliance with the terms of this Agreement, as the Administrative Agent or any Lender (through the Administrative Agent) may reasonably request and (y) information and documentation reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or any Lender for purposes of compliance with applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the Patriot Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation; and
 (i) as soon as available, but in any event no later than the end of, and no earlier than 120 days after the end of, each fiscal year of the Borrower, a copy of the plan and forecast (including a consolidated budget) of the Borrower for the upcoming fiscal year (the Projections in form reasonably satisfactory to the Lender.
 Documents required to be delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a), (b) or (f) (to the extent any such documents are included in materials otherwise filed with the SEC) may be delivered electronically and, if so delivered, shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date (i) on which such materials are publicly available as posted on the Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis and Retrieval system (EDGAR); or (ii) on which such documents are posted on the Borrower s behalf on an Internet or intranet website, if any, to which each Lender and the Administrative 
 85 

Agent have access (whether a commercial, third-party website or whether made available by the Administrative Agent) Section 5.02. Notices of Material Events . The Borrower will furnish to the Administrative Agent and each Lender prompt written notice of the following: 
 (a) the occurrence of any Default;
 (b) the filing or commencement of any Proceeding by or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority against or affecting the Borrower or any Affiliate thereof, including pursuant to any applicable Environmental Laws, that, if adversely determined, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect;
 (c) the occurrence of any ERISA Event that, alone or together with any other ERISA Events that have occurred, could reasonably be expected to result in liability of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in an aggregate amount exceeding 25,000,000;
 (d) notice of any action arising under any Environmental Law or of any noncompliance by the Borrower or any Subsidiary with any Environmental Law or any permit, approval, license or other authorization required thereunder that, if adversely determined, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect;
 (e) any change in the credit ratings from a credit rating agency, or the placement by a credit rating agency of the Borrower on a CreditWatch or WatchList or any similar list, in each case with negative implications, or the cessation by a credit rating agency of, or its intent to cease, rating the Borrower s debt;
 (f) any other development that results in, or could reasonably be expected to result in, a Material Adverse Effect;
 (g) receipt of any notice of any investigation by a Governmental Authority or any litigation or proceeding commenced or threatened against any Loan Party or any Subsidiary that (i) could reasonably be expected to result in liability of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries in an aggregate amount exceeding 25,000,000 over amounts covered by insurance for which a claim has been made, (ii) is asserted or instituted against any Plan, its fiduciaries or its assets, (iii) with respect to any investigation by a Governmental Authority, alleges criminal misconduct by any Loan Party or any Subsidiary, (iv) alleges the violation of, or seeks to impose remedies under any Environmental Law or related Requirement of Law, or seeks to impose Environmental Liability, or (v) asserts liability on the part of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary in excess of 25,000,000 in respect of any tax, fee, assessment, or other governmental charge;
 (h) any change in the information provided in the Beneficial Ownership Certification delivered to such Lender that would result in a change to the list of beneficial owners identified in such certification; and
 (i) each material public notice or other public correspondence received from the SEC concerning any investigation by the SEC regarding financial or other operational results of the Borrower or any Subsidiary thereof ).

 86 

Each notice delivered under this Section 5.02 (i) shall be in writing, (ii) shall contain a heading or a reference line that reads Notice under Section 5.02 of Credit Agreement dated December 15, 2022 and (iii) shall be accompanied by a statement of a Financial Officer or other executive officer of the Borrower setting forth the details of the event or development requiring such notice and any action taken or proposed to be taken with respect thereto. Section 5.03. Existence; Conduct of Business . Each Loan Party will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, do or cause to be done all things necessary to preserve, renew and keep in full force and effect its legal existence and the rights, licenses, permits, privileges and franchises material to the conduct of its business; provided that the foregoing shall not prohibit any merger, consolidation, liquidation or dissolution permitted under Section 6.03.
 Section 5.04. Payment of Obligations . Each Loan Party will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, pay its obligations, including Tax liabilities, that, if not paid, could result in a Material Adverse Effect before the same shall become delinquent or in default, except where the validity or amount thereof is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, the Borrower or such Subsidiary has set aside on its books adequate reserves with respect thereto in accordance with GAAP and the failure to make payment pending such contest could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.
 Section 5.05. Maintenance of Properties; Insurance . Each Loan Party will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, keep and maintain all property material to the conduct of its business in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted, and maintain with financially sound and reputable carriers having a financial strength rating of at least A- by A.M. Best Company insurance in such amounts (with no greater risk retention) and against such risk (including, without limitation, loss or damage by fire and loss in transit; theft, burglary, pilferage, larceny, embezzlement, and other criminal activities; business interruption; and general liability) and such other hazards, as is customarily maintained by companies of established repute engaged in the same or similar businesses operating in the same or similar locations. Upon request by the Administrative Agent, the Borrower will furnish to the Administrative Agent information in reasonable detail as to the insurance so maintained.
 Section 5.06. Books and Records; Inspection Rights . Each Loan Party will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, keep proper books of record and account in which full, true and correct entries are made of all dealings and transactions in relation to its business and activities. Each Loan Party will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, permit any representatives designated by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, upon at least 3 Business Days notice, to visit and inspect its properties, to examine and make extracts from its books and records, to discuss its affairs, finances and condition with its officers and independent accountants. 
 Section 5.07. Compliance with Laws and Material Contractual Obligations . Each Loan Party will, and will cause each Subsidiary to, (i) comply with each Requirement of Law applicable to it or its property (including, without limitation, Environmental Laws) and (ii) perform in all material respects its obligations under material agreements to which it is a party, except, in each case, where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Each Loan Party will maintain in effect and enforce policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance by such Loan Party, its Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions. 

 87 

Section 5.08. Use of Proceeds and Letters of Credit . 
 (a) The proceeds of the Loans and the Letters of Credit will be used only for general corporate purposes, including working capital and Permitted Acquisitions (to the extent such Permitted Acquisitions are executed by a Loan Party). No part of the proceeds of any Loan and no Letter of Credit will be used, whether directly or indirectly, (i) for any purpose that entails a violation of any of the Regulations of the Board, including Regulations T, U and X or (ii) to make any Acquisition, other than Permitted Acquisitions that are executed by a Loan Party.
 (b) The Borrower will not request any Borrowing or Letter of Credit, and the Borrower shall not use, and shall procure that its Subsidiaries and its or their respective directors, officers, employees and agents shall not use, the proceeds of any Borrowing or Letter of Credit (a) in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization of the payment or giving of money, or anything else of value, to any Person in violation of any Anti-Corruption Laws, (b) for the purpose of funding, financing or facilitating any activities, business or transaction of or with any Sanctioned Person, or in any Sanctioned Country, except to the extent permitted for a Person required to comply with Sanctions, or (c) in any manner that would result in the violation of any Sanctions applicable to any party hereto. 
 Section 5.09. Further Assurances . 
 (a) With respect to any Person that after the Effective Date is or becomes a Required Subsidiary Guarantor, the Borrower shall cause such Person to, promptly (and in any event within thirty (30) days of the delivery of the Compliance Certificate for any fiscal quarter or fiscal year, as applicable, pursuant to Section 5.01(d)), to become a Loan Party by executing a Joinder Agreement. Upon execution and delivery thereof, each such Person shall automatically become a Guarantor hereunder and thereupon shall have all of the rights, benefits, duties, and obligations in such capacity under the Loan Documents. At the time of the execution of any Joinder Agreement, Borrower shall update Schedule 3.19. 
 (b) Without limiting the foregoing, each Loan Party will, and will cause each Subsidiary to, execute and deliver, or cause to be executed and delivered, to the Administrative Agent such documents, agreements and instruments, and will take or cause to be taken such further actions which may be required by any Requirement of Law or which the Administrative Agent may, from time to time, reasonably request to carry out the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, all at the expense of the Loan Parties. Notwithstanding the foregoing, at any time after an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, each Loan Party will, upon the request of the Administrative Agent, cause each Domestic and each Foreign Subsidiary to become a Loan Party and a Guarantor. 
 Section 5.10. Accuracy of Information . The Loan Parties will ensure that any information, including financial statements or other documents, furnished to the Administrative Agent or the Lenders in connection with this Agreement or any amendment or modification hereof or waiver hereunder contains no material misstatement of fact or omits to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, and the furnishing of such information shall be deemed to be a representation and warranty by the Borrower on the date thereof as to the matters specified in this Section 5.10; provided that, with respect to the Projections, the Loan Parties will cause the Projections to be prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time.

 88 

Section 5.11. Depository Banks . The Loan Parties will maintain the Administrative Agent as their principal domestic depository bank, including for the maintenance of operating, administrative, cash management, collection activity, and other deposit accounts for the conduct of its business, except for zero-balance deposit accounts of the Loan Parties and other deposit accounts of the Loan Parties with an aggregate balance not to exceed 100,000,000 in the aggregate at any one time. 
 Article 6 Negative Covenants
 Until the Commitments have expired or terminated and the principal of and interest on each Loan and all fees payable hereunder have been paid in full and all Letters of Credit have expired or terminated, in each case, without any pending draw, and all LC Disbursements shall have been reimbursed, each Loan Party covenants and agrees, jointly and severally with all of the other Loan Parties, with the Lenders that: Section 6.01. Indebtedness . No Loan Party will, nor will it permit any Subsidiary to, create, incur, assume or permit to exist any Indebtedness, except: 
 (a) the Obligations;
 (b) Indebtedness existing on the date hereof and set forth in Schedule 6.01 and any extensions, renewals, refinancings and replacements of any such Indebtedness in accordance with clause (f) hereof;
 (c) Indebtedness of the Borrower to any Subsidiary and of any Subsidiary to the Borrower or any other Subsidiary; provided that (i) Indebtedness of any Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party to the Borrower or any other Loan Party shall be subject to Section 6.05 and (ii) Indebtedness of any Loan Party to any Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party shall be subordinated to the Obligations on terms reasonably satisfactory to the Lender;
 (d) Guarantees by the Borrower of Indebtedness of any Subsidiary and by any Subsidiary of Indebtedness of the Borrower or any other Subsidiary; provided that (i) the Indebtedness so Guaranteed is permitted by this Section 6.01, (ii) Guarantees by the Borrower or any other Loan Party of Indebtedness of any Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party shall be subject to Section 6.05 and (iii) Guarantees permitted under this clause (d) shall be subordinated to the Obligations on the same terms, if any, as the Indebtedness so Guaranteed is subordinated to the Obligations;
 (e) Indebtedness of the Borrower or any Subsidiary constituting purchase money Indebtedness or incurred to finance the acquisition, construction or improvement of any fixed or capital assets (whether or not constituting purchase money Indebtedness), including Capital Lease Obligations and any Indebtedness assumed in connection with the acquisition of any such assets or secured by a Lien on any such assets prior to the acquisition thereof, and extensions, renewals and replacements of any such Indebtedness in accordance with clause (f) below; provided that such Indebtedness is incurred prior to or within 90 days after such acquisition or the completion of such construction or improvement and the aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness at any time outstanding permitted by this clause (e) together with any Refinance Indebtedness in respect thereof permitted by clause (f) below, shall not exceed the greater of 50,000,000 and 5 of 

 89 

EBITDA for the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters then ended for which financial statements have been delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or Section 5.01(b);
 (f) Indebtedness which represents extensions, renewals, refinancings or replacements (such Indebtedness being so extended, renewed, refinanced or replaced being referred to herein as the Refinance Indebtedness of any of the Indebtedness described in clauses (b) and (e) hereof (such Indebtedness being referred to herein as the Original Indebtedness provided that (i) such Refinance Indebtedness does not increase the principal amount of the Original Indebtedness, (ii) any Liens securing such Refinance Indebtedness are not extended to any additional property of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary unless such Lien is otherwise permitted by Section 6.02, (iii) no Loan Party or any Subsidiary that is not originally obligated with respect to repayment of such Original Indebtedness is required to become obligated with respect to such Refinance, (iv) such Refinance Indebtedness does not result in a shortening of the average weighted maturity of such Original Indebtedness, (v) the terms of such Refinance Indebtedness are not materially less favorable to the obligor thereunder than the original terms of such Original Indebtedness, and (vi) if such Original Indebtedness was subordinated in right of payment to the Obligations, then the terms and conditions of such Refinance Indebtedness must include subordination terms and conditions that are at least as favorable to the Lenders as those that were applicable to such Original Indebtedness;
 (g) Indebtedness owed to any Person providing workers compensation, health, disability or other employee benefits or property, casualty or liability insurance, pursuant to reimbursement or indemnification obligations to such Person, in each case incurred in the ordinary course of business;
 (h) Indebtedness of any Loan Party in respect of performance bonds, bid bonds, appeal bonds, surety bonds and similar obligations, in each case provided in the ordinary course of business;
 (i) Indebtedness of any Person that becomes a Subsidiary after the date hereof or is merged into or consolidated with the Borrower or any Subsidiary or any Indebtedness assumed in connection with the acquisition of any such assets or secured by a Lien on any such assets prior to the acquisition thereof, and any Refinance Indebtedness permitted pursuant to clause (f); provided that such Indebtedness exists at the time such Person becomes a Subsidiary or such assets are acquired and is not created in contemplation of or in connection with such Person becoming a Subsidiary or such assets being acquired;
 (j) Indebtedness of the Borrower or any Subsidiary as an account party in respect of trade letters of credit;
 (k) other secured Indebtedness in an aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding not exceeding the greater of 25,000,000 and 10 of EBITDA for the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters then ended for which financial statements have been delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or Section 5.01(b);
 (l) other unsecured Indebtedness in an aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding not exceeding the greater of 50,000,000 and 20 of EBITDA for the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters then ended for which financial statements have been delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or Section 5.01(b); 
 (m) Indebtedness constituting Permitted Convertible Indebtedness; 

 90 

(n) Indebtedness in connection with Qualified Securitization Financings, in an aggregate principal amount outstanding that, immediately after giving effect to the incurrence of such Indebtedness and the use of proceeds thereof, together with the aggregate principal amount of any other Indebtedness outstanding pursuant to this Section 6.01(n), would not exceed the greater of (x) 50,000,000 and (y) 20 of EBITDA for the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters then ended for which financial statements have been delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or Section 5.01(b), and extensions, renewals and replacements of any such Indebtedness in accordance with clause (f) above; and 
 (o) Guarantees in the ordinary course of business (x) consisting of customary trade arrangements with customers and (y) in connection with obtaining, maintaining or renewing client contracts and loans or advances made to distributors or suppliers, in each case, not to exceed 25,000,000 at any time outstanding. 
 Section 6.02. Liens . No Loan Party will, nor will it permit any Subsidiary to, create, incur, assume or permit to exist any Lien on any property or asset now owned or hereafter acquired by it, or assign or sell any income or revenues (including accounts receivable) or rights in respect of any thereof, except: 
 (a) Permitted Encumbrances;
 (b) any Lien on any property or asset of the Borrower or any Subsidiary existing on the date hereof and set forth in Schedule 6.02; provided that such Lien shall not apply to any other property or asset of the Borrower or any Subsidiary and such Lien shall secure only those obligations which it secures on the date hereof and extensions, renewals and replacements thereof that do not increase the outstanding principal amount thereof;
 (c) any Lien existing on any property or asset (other than Accounts and Inventory) prior to the acquisition thereof by the Borrower or any Subsidiary or existing on any property or asset (other than Accounts and Inventory) of any Person that becomes a Subsidiary after the date hereof prior to the time such Person becomes a Loan Party; provided that such Lien is not created in contemplation of or in connection with such acquisition or such Person becoming a Loan Party, as the case may be, such Lien shall not apply to any other property or assets of the Loan Party and such Lien shall secure only those obligations which it secures on the date of such acquisition or the date such Person becomes a Loan Party, as the case may be and extensions, renewals and replacements thereof that do not increase the outstanding principal amount thereof;
 (d) Liens on fixed or capital assets acquired, constructed or improved by the Borrower or any Subsidiary; provided that such security interests secure Indebtedness permitted by clause (e) of Section 6.01, such security interests and the Indebtedness secured thereby are incurred prior to or within 90 days after such acquisition or the completion of such construction or improvement, the Indebtedness secured thereby does not exceed 100 of the cost of acquiring, constructing or improving such fixed or capital assets and (iv) such security interests shall not apply to any other property or assets of the Borrower or any Subsidiary;
 (e) Liens securing obligations in respect of commercial or trade-related Letters of Credit as provided for hereunder and covering the goods (or the documents of title in respect of such goods) financed by such Letters of Credit together with the proceeds and products thereof;

 91 

(f) Liens of a collecting bank arising in the ordinary course of business under Section 4-208 of the UCC in effect in the relevant jurisdiction covering only the items being collected upon;
 (g) Liens arising out of Sale and Leaseback Transactions permitted by Section 6.07;
 (h) Liens granted by a Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party in favor of the Borrower or another Loan Party in respect of Indebtedness owed by such Subsidiary;
 (i) Liens to secure Indebtedness permitted by clause (k) of Section 6.01; 
 (j) Liens created pursuant to any Loan Document; and 
 (k) Liens on accounts receivable, Securitization Assets and related assets (including Equity Interests of Securitization Subsidiaries) incurred in connection with a Qualified Securitization Facility. 
 Section 6.03. Fundamental Changes. 
 (a) No Loan Party will, nor will it permit, any Subsidiary to, merge into or consolidate with any other Person, or permit any other Person to merge into or consolidate with it, or otherwise Dispose of all or substantially all of its assets, or all or substantially all of the stock of any of its Subsidiaries (in each case, whether now owned or hereafter acquired), or liquidate or dissolve, except that, if at the time thereof and immediately after giving effect thereto no Default shall have occurred and be continuing Borrower and its Subsidiaries may enter into a Permitted Acquisition, any Subsidiary of the Borrower may merge into the Borrower in a transaction in which the Borrower is the surviving entity, any Loan Party (other than the Borrower) may merge into any other Loan Party, any Subsidiary may merge into any other Loan Party in a transaction in which the Loan Party is the surviving entity, any Subsidiary may merge into any other Subsidiary and any Subsidiary may liquidate or dissolve if the Borrower determines in good faith that such liquidation or dissolution is in the best interests of the Borrower and is not materially disadvantageous to the Lenders; provided that any such merger involving a Person that is not a wholly owned Subsidiary immediately prior to such merger shall not be permitted unless also permitted by Section 6.05.
 (b) No Loan Party will, nor will it permit any Subsidiary to, engage to any material extent in any business other than businesses of the type conducted by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on the date hereof and businesses substantially similar, related, incidental or complementary thereto or useful in the operation of the businesses of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries. For the avoidance of doubt, Borrower s issuance and performance of any Permitted Convertible Indebtedness, and entry into and performance of any Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction or Permitted Warrant Transaction, shall not be deemed to be engaging in any such other businesses.
 (c) No Loan Party will, nor will it permit any Subsidiary to change its fiscal year or any fiscal quarter from the basis in effect on the Effective Date.
 Section 6.04. Asset Sales . No Loan Party will, nor will it permit any Subsidiary to, sell, transfer, lease or otherwise dispose of any asset, including any Equity Interest owned by it, nor will the Borrower permit any Subsidiary to issue any additional Equity Interest in such 

 92 

Subsidiary (other than to the Borrower or another Subsidiary in compliance with Section 6.05), except: 
 (a) sales, transfers and Dispositions of (i) Inventory in the ordinary course of business, (ii) used, obsolete, worn out or surplus Equipment or property in the ordinary course of business, (iii) nonexclusive licenses of intellectual property in the ordinary course of business, (iv) leases by the Borrower and the Subsidiaries of intellectual property to other Persons, in accordance with normal industry practice and (v) sales of real property and related personal property and fixtures for fair market value to the extent Borrower has determined such assets are no longer useful in the ordinary course of its business;
 (b) sales, transfers and Dispositions of assets to the Borrower or any Subsidiary, provided that any such sales, transfers or dispositions involving a Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party shall be made in compliance with Section 6.10;
 (c) sales, transfers and Dispositions of Accounts (excluding sales or dispositions in a factoring arrangement) in connection with the compromise, settlement or collection thereof;
 (d) sales, transfers and Dispositions of Permitted Investments and other investments permitted by clauses (i) and (k) of Section 6.05;
 (e) Sale and Leaseback Transactions permitted or not restricted by Section 6.07;
 (f) Dispositions resulting from any casualty or other insured damage to, or any taking under power of eminent domain or by condemnation or similar proceeding of, any property or asset of the Borrower or any Subsidiary; 
 (g) sales of any Securitization Assets pursuant to a Qualified Securitization Facility;
 (h) sales of real property for fair value and for at least 75 cash or cash equivalent consideration; and
 (i) sales, transfers and other Dispositions of assets (other than Equity Interests in a Subsidiary unless all Equity Interests in such Subsidiary are sold) that are not permitted by any other clause of this Section, provided that the aggregate fair market value of all assets sold, transferred or otherwise disposed of in reliance upon this paragraph (h) shall not exceed the greater of 50,000,000 and 20 of EBITDA (for the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters then ended for which financial statements have been delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a)) during any fiscal year of the Borrower;
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, (A) this Section 6.04 shall not preclude (w) the sale of any Permitted Convertible Indebtedness by the Borrower, (x) the sale of any Permitted Warrant Transaction by the Borrower, (y) the disposition of any Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction by the Borrower or (z) the performance by Borrower of its obligations under any Permitted Convertible Indebtedness, any Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction or any Permitted Warrant Transaction and (B) no Loan Party may Dispose of (including by granting an exclusive license in) any Material Intellectual Property owned by such Loan Party to any Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party. Section 6.05. Investments, Loans, Advances, Guarantees and Acquisitions . No Loan Party will, nor will it permit any of its Subsidiaries to, purchase, hold or acquire (including 

 93 

pursuant to any merger with any Person that was not a Loan Party and a wholly owned Subsidiary prior to such merger) any Equity Interests, evidences of indebtedness or other securities (including any option, warrant or other right to acquire any of the foregoing) of, make or permit to exist any loans or advances to, Guarantee any obligations of, or make or permit to exist any investment or any other interest in, any other Person, or purchase or otherwise acquire (in one transaction or a series of transactions) any assets of any other Person constituting a business unit (whether through the purchase of assets, merger or otherwise), or make a capital contribution (each, an Investment ), except, and in each case as measured on a cost basis:
 (a) Permitted Investments;
 (b) Investments in existence on the date hereof and as provided in writing prior to the date hereof to the Lenders, together with any amendments, modifications, conversions or supplements subsequent to the date hereof that do not increase the amount of such Investment;
 (c) Investments by a Loan Party in another Loan Party;
 (d) Investments by a Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party in another Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party;
 (e) Investments by a Loan Party in its Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties in an aggregate amount not to exceed the greater of 150,000,000 and 20 of EBITDA (for the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters then ended for which financial statements have been delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a)) in any fiscal year of the Borrower and the greater of 300,000,000 and 30 of EBITDA (for the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters then ended for which financial statements have been delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a)) from and after the Effective Date; 
 (f) Investments by a Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party in a Loan Party, provided that, without the prior written consent of the Lenders in their sole discretion, (i) any such Investment constituting a loan or advance (exclusive of intercompany trade payables and receivables) made by such Subsidiary shall be evidenced by a promissory note and (ii) any such Investment constituting a loan be subordinated to the Obligations on terms reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent;
 (g) Guarantees constituting Indebtedness permitted by Section 6.01, provided that, without the prior written consent of the Lenders in their sole discretion, the aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness of Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties that is Guaranteed by any Loan Party (together with outstanding intercompany loans permitted under clause (ii) to the proviso to Section 6.05(d)) shall not exceed the greater of 50,000,000 and 20 of EBITDA (for the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters then ended for which financial statements have been delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a)) at any time outstanding;
 (h) loans or advances made by a Loan Party to its employees on an arms-length basis in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practices for travel and entertainment expenses, relocation costs and similar purposes up to a maximum of 500,000 in the aggregate at any one time outstanding;
 (i) notes payable, or stock or other securities issued by Account Debtors to a Loan Party pursuant to negotiated agreements with respect to settlement of such Account Debtor s Accounts in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practices;

 94 

(j) Investments in the form of Swap Agreements permitted by Section 6.08;
 (k) Investments of any Person existing at the time such Person becomes a Subsidiary of the Borrower or consolidates or merges with the Borrower or any Subsidiary (including in connection with a Permitted Acquisition), so long as such Investments were not made in contemplation of such Person becoming a Subsidiary or of such merger;
 (l) Investments received in connection with the disposition of assets permitted by Section 6.04;
 (m) Investments constituting deposits described in clauses (c) and (d) of the definition of the term Permitted Encumbrances 
 (n) Permitted Acquisitions;
 (o) any Investments in any other Person received as non-cash consideration for sales, transfers, leases and other dispositions permitted by Section 6.03 or 6.04;
 (p) extensions of credit in the nature of accounts receivable or notes receivable in the ordinary course of business;
 (q) investments in payroll, travel and similar advances to cover matters that are expected at the time of such advances ultimately to be treated as expenses for accounting purposes and that are made in the ordinary course of business;
 (r) the licensing from other Persons by the Borrower and the Subsidiaries of intellectual property in accordance with normal industry practice; provided that if such licensing involves the effective acquisition of any business of another Person it must be otherwise permitted by this Section 6.05;
 (s) any Investment so long as (i) after giving effect to any such Investment, the Borrower s Net Leverage Ratio is no greater than 3.25 to 1.00 and (ii) before and immediately after giving effect to any such Investment, no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom;
 (t) any Investment (including strategic investments) in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed 150,000,000 in any fiscal year of the Borrower and not to exceed 350,000,000 from and after the Effective Date; 
 (u) the purchase of any Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction by the Borrower and the performance of its obligations thereunder;
 (v) any Investment (or portion thereof) made with the Borrower s common stock; and 
 (w) Investments in an aggregate amount not to exceed the Available Amount so long as before and immediately after giving effect to any such investment, no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Loan Party may make any Investment of (including by granting an exclusive license in) any Material Intellectual Property owned by such Loan Party in any Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party. 
 95 

Section 6.06. [Reserved]. 
 Section 6.07. Sale and Leaseback Transactions . No Loan Party will, nor will it permit any Subsidiary to, enter into any arrangement, directly or indirectly, whereby it shall sell or transfer any property, real or personal, used or useful in its business, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, and thereafter rent or lease such property or other property that it intends to use for substantially the same purpose or purposes as the property sold or transferred (a Sale and Leaseback Transaction ), except for any such sale of any fixed or capital assets by the Borrower or any Subsidiary that is made for cash consideration in an amount not less than the fair value of such fixed or capital asset and is consummated within 90 days after the Borrower or such Subsidiary acquires or completes the construction of such fixed or capital asset; provided that this Section 6.07 shall not restrict any Sale and Leaseback Transaction with respect to any Loan Party s real property. 
 Section 6.08. Swap Agreements . No Loan Party will, nor will it permit any Subsidiary to, enter into any Swap Agreement, except Swap Agreements entered into to hedge or mitigate risks to which the Borrower or any Subsidiary has actual exposure (other than those in respect of Equity Interests of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries), and Swap Agreements entered into in order to effectively cap, collar or exchange interest rates (from fixed to floating rates, from one floating rate to another floating rate or otherwise) with respect to any interest-bearing liability or investment of the Borrower or any Subsidiary.
 Section 6.09. Restricted Payments; Certain Payments of Indebtedness. 
 (a) No Loan Party will, nor will it permit any Subsidiary to, declare or make, or agree to declare or make, directly or indirectly, any Restricted Payment, or incur any obligation (contingent or otherwise) to do so, except (i) the Borrower may declare and pay dividends with respect to its common stock payable solely in additional shares of its common stock, and, with respect to its preferred stock, payable solely in additional shares of such preferred stock or in shares of its common stock, (ii) Subsidiaries may declare and pay dividends ratably with respect to their Equity Interests, (iii) Borrower may issue and permit the exercise of employee, director and consultant stock options and restricted stock, restricted stock units or other awards to employees, directors and consultants in the ordinary course of the Borrower s business, (iv) the Borrower may make repurchases of common shares of its capital stock for cash consideration in an aggregate amount not to exceed the greater of 50,000,000 and 20 of EBITDA (for the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters then ended for which financial statements have been delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a)) during the term of this Agreement so long as (1) both before and after given effect to such repurchase, Borrower is in compliance with all terms and conditions of this Agreement and (2) after giving effect to such repurchase, Borrower has unencumbered cash (determined in accordance with GAAP) of not less than 10,000,000; (v) the Loan Parties and any Subsidiary may make a Restricted Payment so long as (1) both before and immediately after giving effect to any such Restricted Payment, (x) no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom, (y) the Net Leverage Ratio is equal to or less than 2.50 to 1.00 (calculated on a pro forma basis using (I) Consolidated Total Indebtedness as of such day and (II) EBITDA for the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters most recently ended for which financial statements have been delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or Section 5.01(b) and (2) the Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate of a Financial Officer of the Borrower, in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, certifying as to each of the requirements set forth in this Section 6.09; and (vi) the Loan Parties and any Subsidiary may make a Restricted Payment in an aggregate amount not to exceed the Available Amount so long as before and 

 96 

immediately after giving effect to any such Restricted Payment, no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom. 
 (b) No Loan Party will, nor will it permit any Subsidiary to, make or agree to pay or make, directly or indirectly, any payment or other distribution (whether in cash, securities or other property) of or in respect of principal of or interest on any Indebtedness, or any payment or other distribution (whether in cash, securities or other property), including any sinking fund or similar deposit, on account of the purchase, redemption, retirement, acquisition, cancellation or termination of any Indebtedness, except:
 (i) payment of Indebtedness created under the Loan Documents;
 (ii) payment of regularly scheduled interest and principal payments as and when due in respect of any Indebtedness permitted under Section 6.01, other than payments in respect of the Subordinated Indebtedness prohibited by the subordination provisions thereof;
 (iii) refinancings of Indebtedness to the extent permitted by Section 6.01; and
 (iv) payment of secured Indebtedness that becomes due as a result of the voluntary sale or transfer of the property or assets securing such Indebtedness to the extent such sale or transfer is permitted by the terms of Section 6.04.
 (c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the Borrower may make any payments and/or deliveries required or permitted by the terms of, and otherwise perform its obligations under, any Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction and any Permitted Warrant Transaction (including, without limitation, making payments and/or deliveries due upon exercise and settlement or termination thereof); and
 (d) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the Borrower may make any payments and/or deliveries required or permitted by the terms of, and otherwise perform its obligations under, any Permitted Convertible Indebtedness (including, without limitation, making payments of interest and principal thereon, making payments due upon required repurchase thereof in connection with a fundamental change and/or making payments and deliveries due upon conversion thereof).
 Section 6.10. Transactions with Affiliates . No Loan Party will, nor will it permit any Subsidiary to, sell, lease or otherwise transfer any property or assets to, or purchase, lease or otherwise acquire any property or assets from, or otherwise engage in any other transactions with, any of its Affiliates, except in the ordinary course of business at prices and on terms and conditions not less favorable to the Loan Party or such Subsidiary than could be obtained on an arm s-length basis from unrelated third parties, transactions between or among any Loan Parties and any Subsidiary not involving any other Affiliate, (c) any investment permitted by Sections 6.05(c) through 6.05(g), (d) any Indebtedness permitted under Section 6.01(c) or 6.01(d), (e) any Restricted Payment permitted by Section 6.09, (f) loans or advances to employees permitted under Section 6.05(h), (g) the payment of reasonable fees to directors of the Borrower or any Subsidiary who are not employees of the Borrower or any Subsidiary, and compensation and employee benefit arrangements paid to, and indemnities provided for the benefit of, directors, officers or employees of the Borrower or its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business, and (h) any issuances of securities or other payments, awards or grants in cash, securities or otherwise 

 97 

pursuant to, or the funding of, employment agreements, stock options and stock ownership plans approved by the Borrower s board of directors. 
 Section 6.11. Restrictive Agreements . No Loan Party will, nor will it permit any Subsidiary to, directly or indirectly, enter into, incur or permit to exist any agreement or other arrangement that prohibits, restricts or imposes any condition upon the ability of such Loan Party or any Subsidiary to create, incur or permit to exist any Lien upon any of its property or assets, or the ability of any Subsidiary to pay dividends or other distributions with respect to any shares of its capital stock or to make or repay loans or advances to the Borrower or any other Subsidiary or to Guarantee Indebtedness of the Borrower or any other Subsidiary; provided that the foregoing shall not apply to restrictions and conditions imposed by any Requirement of Law or by this Agreement, the foregoing shall not apply to restrictions and conditions existing on the date hereof identified on Schedule 6.11 (but shall apply to any extension or renewal of, or any amendment or modification expanding the scope of, any such restriction or condition), the foregoing shall not apply to customary restrictions and conditions contained in agreements relating to the sale of a Subsidiary pending such sale; provided that such restrictions and conditions apply only to the Subsidiary that is to be sold and such sale is permitted hereunder, clause (a) of the foregoing shall not apply to restrictions or conditions imposed by any agreement relating to secured Indebtedness permitted by this Agreement if such restrictions or conditions apply only to the property or assets securing such Indebtedness and clause (a) of the foregoing shall not apply to customary provisions in leases and other contracts restricting the assignment thereof and (vi) clause (a) of the foregoing shall not apply to restrictions and conditions contained in agreements of any Person that becomes a Subsidiary or is merged into or consolidated with the Borrower or any Subsidiary or agreements assumed from any Person in connection with the acquisition of assets by the Borrower or any Subsidiary of such Person after the date hereof; provided that such agreements exist at the time such Person becomes a Subsidiary or such agreements are assumed and are not created in contemplation of or in connection with such Person becoming a Subsidiary or the agreements being assumed. 
 Section 6.12. Amendment of Material Documents . No Loan Party will, nor will it permit any Subsidiary to (a) amend, modify or waive any of its rights under any agreement relating to any Subordinated Indebtedness, or (b) amend, modify or waive its charter, articles or certificate of organization or incorporation and bylaws or operating, management or partnership agreement, or other organizational or governing documents to prohibit the payment or the performance of the Obligations, restrict its ability to grant a Lien or declare and pay a dividend or distribution or change a Loan Party s name or the jurisdiction of its organization. 
 Section 6.13. Financial Covenants .
 (a) Maximum Net Leverage Ratio . The Borrower will not permit the Net Leverage Ratio, determined as of the end of each of its fiscal quarters (commencing with the fiscal quarter ending December 31, 2022) for the period of the then most-recently ended four (4) consecutive fiscal quarters, to exceed 3.50 to 1.00. 
 (b) Minimum Interest Coverage Ratio . The Borrower will not permit the Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio, determined as of the end of each of its fiscal quarters (commencing with the fiscal quarter ending December 31, 2022) for the period of the then most-recently ended four (4) consecutive fiscal quarters, to be less than 3.50 to 1.00. 

 98 

Article 7 Events of Default
 Section 7.01. Events of Default . If any of the following events Events of Default shall occur:
 (a) the Borrower shall fail to pay any principal of any Loan or any reimbursement obligation in respect of any LC Disbursement when and as the same shall become due and payable and in the Agreed Currency required hereunder, whether at the due date thereof or at a date fixed for prepayment thereof or otherwise and, with respect to any reimbursement obligation in respect of any LC Disbursement, such failure shall continue unremedied for a period of five Business Days;
 (b) the Borrower shall fail to pay any interest on any Loan or any fee or any other amount (other than an amount referred to in clause (a) of this Article) payable under this Agreement or any other Loan Document, when and as the same shall become due and payable and in the Agreed Currency required hereunder, and such failure shall continue unremedied for a period of three Business Days;
 (c) any representation or warranty made or deemed made by or on behalf of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary in or in connection with this Agreement, any other Loan Document, or any amendment or modification hereof or thereof or waiver hereunder or thereunder, or in any report, certificate, financial statement or other document furnished pursuant to or in connection with this Agreement, any other Loan Document, or any amendment or modification hereof or thereof or waiver hereunder or thereunder, shall prove to have been materially incorrect when made or deemed made;
 (d) any Loan Party or any Subsidiary shall fail to observe or perform any covenant, condition or agreement contained in Section 5.02(a), Section 5.03 (with respect to a Loan Party s existence) or Section 5.08, Section 5.09 or in Article 6;
 (e) any Loan Party or any Subsidiary shall fail to observe or perform any covenant, condition or agreement contained in this Agreement (other than those specified in clause (a), (b) or (d) of this Article) or any other Loan Document, and such failure shall continue unremedied for a period of 30 days after notice thereof from the Administrative Agent to the Borrower (which notice will be given at the request of any Lender);
 (f) any Loan Party or any Subsidiary shall fail to pay any principal or interest due in respect of any Material Indebtedness when due and such failure continues after the applicable grace period, if any, specified in the agreement or instrument relating to such Material Indebtedness ;
 (g) (i) any event or condition occurs that results in any Material Indebtedness becoming due prior to its scheduled maturity or that enables or permits (with or without the giving of notice, the lapse of time or both) the holder or holders of any Material Indebtedness or any trustee or agent on its or their behalf to cause any Material Indebtedness to become due, or to require the prepayment, repurchase, redemption or defeasance thereof, prior to its scheduled maturity (other than (I) (x) the occurrence of any event that permits holders of any Permitted Convertible Indebtedness to convert such Indebtedness or (y) the conversion of any Permitted Convertible Indebtedness, in either case, into common stock of Borrower (or other securities or 

 99 

property following a merger event, reclassification or other change of the common stock of Borrower), cash or a combination thereof to the extent otherwise permitted under this Agreement, (II) the exercise by Borrower of any redemption right under any Permitted Convertible Indebtedness to the extent otherwise permitted by this Agreement, and (III) (x) the occurrence of any event that permits holders of any Permitted Convertible Indebtedness to require the repurchase of such Permitted Convertible Indebtedness in connection with a fundamental change thereunder, and (y) the exercise by holders of any such right); provided that this clause (g) shall not apply to secured Indebtedness that becomes due as a result of the voluntary sale or transfer of the property or assets securing such Indebtedness to the extent such sale or transfer is permitted by the terms of Section 6.04;
 (h) an involuntary proceeding shall be commenced or an involuntary petition shall be filed seeking liquidation, reorganization or other relief in respect of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary or its debts, or of a substantial part of its assets, under any federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law now or hereafter in effect or the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, sequestrator, conservator or similar official for any Loan Party or any Subsidiary or for a substantial part of its assets, and, in any such case, such proceeding or petition shall continue undismissed for 60 days or an order or decree approving or ordering any of the foregoing shall be entered;
 (i) any Loan Party or any Subsidiary shall voluntarily commence any proceeding or file any petition seeking liquidation, reorganization or other relief under any Federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law now or hereafter in effect, consent to the institution of, or fail to contest in a timely and appropriate manner, any proceeding or petition described in clause (h) of this Article, apply for or consent to the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, sequestrator, conservator or similar official for any Loan Party or any Subsidiary of any Loan Party or for a substantial part of its assets, file an answer admitting the material allegations of a petition filed against it in any such proceeding, make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors or take any action for the purpose of effecting any of the foregoing;
 (j) any Loan Party or any Subsidiary shall become unable, admit in writing its inability, or publicly declare its intention not to, or fail generally, to pay its debts as they become due;
 (k) one or more judgments for the payment of money in an aggregate amount in excess of 75,000,000 shall be rendered against any Loan Party, any Subsidiary or any combination thereof and the same shall remain undischarged for a period of 30 consecutive days during which execution shall not be effectively stayed, or any action shall be legally taken by a judgment creditor to attach or levy upon any assets of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary to enforce any such judgment or any Loan Party or any Subsidiary shall fail within thirty (30) days to discharge one or more non-monetary judgments or orders which, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, which judgments or orders, in any such case, are not stayed on appeal and being appropriately contested in good faith by proper proceedings diligently pursued;
 (l) an ERISA Event shall have occurred that, in the opinion of the Required Lenders, when taken together with all other ERISA Events that have occurred, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect;
 (m) a Change in Control shall occur;

 100 

(n) [reserved];
 (o) the Loan Guaranty shall fail to remain in full force or effect or any action shall be taken to discontinue or to assert the invalidity or unenforceability of the Loan Guaranty, or any Guarantor shall fail to comply with any of the terms or provisions of the Loan Guaranty to which it is a party, or any Guarantor shall deny that it has any further liability under the Loan Guaranty to which it is a party, or shall give notice to such effect, including, but not limited to notice of termination delivered pursuant to Section 10.08; or
 (p) any material provision of any Loan Document for any reason ceases to be valid, binding and enforceable in accordance with its terms (or any Loan Party shall challenge the enforceability of any Loan Document or shall assert in writing, or engage in any action or inaction that evidences its assertion, that any provision of any of the Loan Documents has ceased to be or otherwise is not valid, binding and enforceable in accordance with its terms).
 Section 7.02. Remedies Upon an Event of Default . If an Event of Default occurs (other than an event with respect to the Borrower described in Sections 7.01(h) or 7.01(i)), and at any time thereafter during the continuance of such Event of Default, the Administrative Agent may with the consent of the Required Lenders, and shall at the request of the Required Lenders, by notice to the Borrower, take any or all of the following actions, at the same or different times:
 (a) terminate the Commitments, and thereupon the Commitments shall terminate immediately;
 (b) declare the Loans then outstanding to be due and payable in whole (or in part, in which case any principal not so declared to be due and payable may thereafter be declared to be due and payable), and thereupon the principal of the Loans so declared to be due and payable, together with accrued interest thereon and all fees and other obligations of the Borrower and the Guarantors accrued hereunder and under any other Loan Document, shall become due and payable immediately, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Borrower;
 (c) require that the Borrower provide cash collateral as required in Section 2.06(j); and
 (d) exercise on behalf of itself, the Lenders and the Issuing Banks all rights and remedies available to it, the Lenders and the Issuing Banks under the Loan Documents and Applicable Law.
 If an Event of Default described in Sections 7.01(h) or 7.01(i) occurs with respect to the Borrower, the Commitments shall automatically terminate and the principal of the Loans then outstanding, together with accrued interest thereon and all fees and other obligations of the Borrower accrued hereunder and under any other Loan Document including any break funding payment, shall automatically become due and payable, and the obligation of the Borrower to cash collateralize the LC Exposure as provided in clause (c) above shall automatically become effective, in each case, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Borrower. Section 7.03. Application of Payments . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, following the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, and notice thereof to the Administrative Agent by the Borrower or the Required Lenders: 

 101 

(a) all payments received on account of the Obligations shall, subject to Section 2.20, be applied by the Administrative Agent as follows:
 (i) first , to payment or reimbursement of that portion of the Obligations constituting fees, indemnities, expenses and other amounts payable to the Administrative Agent (including fees and disbursements and other charges of counsel to the Administrative Agent payable under Section 9.03 and amounts pursuant to Section 2.12(c) payable to the Administrative Agent in its capacity as such);
 (ii) second , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting fees, expenses, indemnities and other amounts (other than principal, reimbursement obligations in respect of LC Disbursements, interest and Letter of Credit fees) payable to the Lenders and the Issuing Banks (including fees and disbursements and other charges of counsel to the Lenders and the Issuing Banks payable under Section 9.03) arising under the Loan Documents, ratably among them in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause (ii) payable to them and to pay any amounts owing with respect to Swap Agreement Obligations, ratably;
 (iii) third , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting accrued and unpaid Letter of Credit fees and charges and interest on the Loans and unreimbursed LC Disbursements, ratably among the Lenders and the Issuing Banks in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause (iii) payable to them;
 (iv) fourth , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting unpaid principal of the Loans and unreimbursed LC Disbursements, to cash collateralize that portion of LC Exposure comprising the undrawn amount of Letters of Credit to the extent not otherwise cash collateralized by the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.06 or 2.20, ratably among the Lenders and the Issuing Banks in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause (iv) payable to them; provided that (x) any such amounts applied pursuant to sub clause (B) above shall be paid to the Administrative Agent for the ratable account of the applicable Issuing Banks to cash collateralize Obligations in respect of Letters of Credit, (y) subject to Section 2.06 or 2.20, amounts used to cash collateralize the aggregate amount of Letters of Credit pursuant to this clause (iv) shall be used to satisfy drawings under such Letters of Credit as they occur and (z) upon the expiration of any Letter of Credit (without any pending drawings), the pro rata share of cash collateral shall be distributed to the other Obligations, if any, in the order set forth in this Section 7.03;
 (v) fifth , to the payment of any amounts owning with respect to Banking Services Obligations;
 (vi) sixth, to the payment in full of all other Obligations, in each case ratably among the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Issuing Banks based upon the respective aggregate amounts of all such Obligations owing to them in accordance with the respective amounts thereof then due and payable; and
 (vii) finally , the balance, if any, after all Obligations have been indefeasibly paid in full, to the Borrower or as otherwise required by law; and

 102 

(b) if any amount remains on deposit as cash collateral after all Letters of Credit have either been fully drawn or expired (without any pending drawings), such remaining amount shall be applied to the other Obligations, if any, in the order set forth above.
 Article 8 The Administrative Agent
 Section 8.01. Authorization and Action . 
 (a) Each Lender and each Issuing Bank hereby irrevocably appoints the entity named as Administrative Agent in the heading of this Agreement and its successors and assigns to serve as the administrative agent under the Loan Documents and each Lender and each Issuing Bank authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such actions as agent on its behalf and to exercise such powers under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as are delegated to the Administrative Agent under such agreements and to exercise such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. Without limiting the foregoing, each Lender and each Issuing Bank hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to execute and deliver, and to perform its obligations under, each of the Loan Documents to which the Administrative Agent is a party, and to exercise all rights, powers and remedies that the Administrative Agent may have under such Loan Documents.
 (b) As to any matters not expressly provided for herein and in the other Loan Documents (including enforcement or collection), the Administrative Agent shall not be required to exercise any discretion or take any action, but shall be required to act or to refrain from acting (and shall be fully protected in so acting or refraining from acting) upon the written instructions of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, pursuant to the terms in the Loan Documents), and, unless and until revoked in writing, such instructions shall be binding upon each Lender and each Issuing Bank; provided , however , that the Administrative Agent shall not be required to take any action that the Administrative Agent in good faith believes exposes it to liability unless the Administrative Agent receives an indemnification and is exculpated in a manner satisfactory to it from the Lenders and the Issuing Banks with respect to such action or is contrary to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or applicable law, including any action that may be in violation of the automatic stay under any requirement of law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization or relief of debtors or that may effect a forfeiture, modification or termination of property of a Defaulting Lender in violation of any requirement of law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization or relief of debtors; provided , further , that the Administrative Agent may seek clarification or direction from the Required Lenders prior to the exercise of any such instructed action and may refrain from acting until such clarification or direction has been provided. Except as expressly set forth in the Loan Documents, the Administrative Agent shall not have any duty to disclose, and shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, any information relating to the Borrower, any Subsidiary or any Affiliate of any of the foregoing that is communicated to or obtained by the Person serving as Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates in any capacity. Nothing in this Agreement shall require the Administrative Agent to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur any financial liability in the performance of any of its duties hereunder or in the exercise of any of its rights or powers if it shall have reasonable grounds for believing that repayment of such funds or adequate indemnity against such risk or liability is not reasonably assured to it. 
 (c) In performing its functions and duties hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, the Administrative Agent is acting solely on behalf of the Lenders and the Issuing Banks (except in limited circumstances expressly provided for herein relating to the maintenance 

 103 

of the Register), and its duties are entirely mechanical and administrative in nature. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing: 
 (i) the Administrative Agent does not assume and shall not be deemed to have assumed any obligation or duty or any other relationship as the agent, fiduciary or trustee of or for any Lender, Issuing Bank or holder of any other obligation other than as expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents, regardless of whether a Default or an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing (and it is understood and agreed that the use of the term agent (or any similar term) herein or in any other Loan Document with reference to the Administrative Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary duty or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any applicable law, and that such term is used as a matter of market custom and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between contracting parties); additionally, each Lender agrees that it will not assert any claim against the Administrative Agent based on an alleged breach of fiduciary duty by the Administrative Agent in connection with this Agreement and/or the transactions contemplated hereby; and
 (ii) nothing in this Agreement or any Loan Document shall require the Administrative Agent to account to any Lender for any sum or the profit element of any sum received by the Administrative Agent for its own account;
 (d) The Administrative Agent may perform any of its duties and exercise its rights and powers hereunder or under any other Loan Document by or through any one or more sub-agents appointed by the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent may perform any of their respective duties and exercise their respective rights and powers through their respective Related Parties. The exculpatory provisions of this Article shall apply to any such sub-agent and to the Related Parties of the Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent, and shall apply to their respective activities pursuant to this Agreement. The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any sub-agent except to the extent that a court of competent jurisdiction determines in a final and nonappealable judgment that the Administrative Agent acted with gross negligence or willful misconduct in the selection of such sub-agent. 
 (e) The Arranger shall have not obligations or duties whatsoever in such capacity under this Agreement or any other Loan Document and shall incur no liability hereunder or thereunder in such capacity, but all such persons shall have the benefit of the indemnities provided for hereunder.
 (f) In case of the pendency of any proceeding with respect to any Loan Party under any Federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law now or hereafter in effect, the Administrative Agent (irrespective of whether the principal of any Loan or any reimbursement obligation shall then be due and payable as herein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent shall have made any demand on the Borrower) shall be entitled and empowered (but not obligated) by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise:
 (i) to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Loans, LC Disbursements and all other Obligations that are owing and unpaid and to file such other documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Lenders, the Issuing Banks and 

 104 

the Administrative Agent (including any claim under Sections 2.12, 2.13, 2.15, 2.17 and 9.03) allowed in such judicial proceeding; and
 (ii) to collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same;
 and any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such proceeding is hereby authorized by each Lender and each Issuing Bank to make such payments to the Administrative Agent and, in the event that the Administrative Agent shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Lenders or the Issuing Banks, to pay to the Administrative Agent any amount due to it, in its capacity as the Administrative Agent, under the Loan Documents (including under Section 9.03 ). Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to authorize the Administrative Agent to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Lender or Issuing Bank any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Obligations or the rights of any Lender or Issuing Bank or to authorize the Administrative Agent to vote in respect of the claim of any Lender or Issuing Bank in any such proceeding. (g) The provisions of this Article are solely for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Issuing Banks, and, except solely to the extent of the Borrower s rights to consent pursuant to and subject to the conditions set forth in this Article, none of the Borrower or any Subsidiary, or any of their respective Affiliates, shall have any rights as a third party beneficiary under any such provisions. Each Lender and Issuing Bank whether or not a party hereto, will be deemed, by its acceptance of the benefits of the Guarantees of the Obligations provided under the Loan Documents, to have agreed to the provisions of this Article.
 Section 8.02. Administrative Agent s Reliance, Limitation of Liability, Etc . 
 (a) Neither the Administrative Agent nor any of its Related Parties shall be liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken by such party, the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties under or in connection with this Agreement or the other Loan Documents (x) with the consent of or at the request of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, or as the Administrative Agent shall believe in good faith to be necessary, under the circumstances as provided in the Loan Documents) or (y) in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct (such absence to be presumed unless otherwise determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by a final and non-appealable judgment) or responsible in any manner to any of the Lenders for any recitals, statements, representations or warranties made by any Loan Party or any officer thereof contained in this Agreement or any other Loan Document or in any certificate, report, statement or other document referred to or provided for in, or received by the Administrative Agent under or in connection with, this Agreement or any other Loan Document or for the value, validity, effectiveness, genuineness, enforceability or sufficiency of this Agreement or any other Loan Document (including, for the avoidance of doubt, in connection with the Administrative Agent s reliance on any Electronic Signature transmitted by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page) or for any failure of any Loan Party to perform its obligations hereunder or thereunder.
 (b) The Administrative Agent shall be deemed not to have knowledge of any notice of any of the events or circumstances set forth or described in Section 5.02 unless and until written notice thereof stating that it is a notice under Section 5.02 in respect of this Agreement and 

 105 

identifying the specific clause under said Section is given to the Administrative Agent by the Borrower, or notice of any Default or Event of Default unless and until written notice thereof (stating that it is a notice of Default or a notice of an Event of Default is given to the Administrative Agent by the Borrower, a Lender or an Issuing Bank. Further, the Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into any statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with any Loan Document, the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered thereunder or in connection therewith, the performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions set forth in any Loan Document or the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default, the sufficiency, validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of any Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document, or the satisfaction of any condition set forth in Article 4 or elsewhere in any Loan Document, other than to confirm receipt of items (which on their face purport to be such items) expressly required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent or satisfaction of any condition that expressly refers to the matters described therein being acceptable or satisfactory to the Administrative Agent,. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Administrative Agent shall not be liable for, or be responsible for any Liabilities, costs or expenses suffered by the Borrower, any Subsidiary, any Lender or any Issuing Bank as a result of, any determination of the Revolving Credit Exposure, any of the component amounts thereof or any portion thereof attributable to each Lender or Issuing Bank, or any or Dollar Equivalent.
 (c) Without limiting the foregoing, the Administrative Agent may treat the payee of any promissory note as its holder until such promissory note has been assigned in accordance with Section 9.04, may rely on the Register to the extent set forth in Section 9.04(b), may consult with legal counsel (including counsel to the Borrower), independent public accountants and other experts selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken in good faith by it in accordance with the advice of such counsel, accountants or experts, makes no warranty or representation to any Lender or Issuing Bank and shall not be responsible to any Lender or Issuing Bank for any statements, warranties or representations made by or on behalf of any Loan Party in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, in determining compliance with any condition hereunder to the making of a Loan, or the issuance of a Letter of Credit, that by its terms must be fulfilled to the satisfaction of a Lender or an Issuing Bank, may presume that such condition is satisfactory to such Lender or Issuing Bank unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice to the contrary from such Lender or Issuing Bank sufficiently in advance of the making of such Loan or the issuance of such Letter of Credit and shall be entitled to rely on, and shall incur no liability under or in respect of this Agreement or any other Loan Document by acting upon, any notice, consent, certificate or other instrument or writing (which writing may be a fax, any electronic message, Internet or intranet website posting or other distribution) or any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to be genuine and signed or sent or otherwise authenticated by the proper party or parties (whether or not such Person in fact meets the requirements set forth in the Loan Documents for being the maker thereof).
 Section 8.03. Posting of Communications . 
 (a) The Borrower agrees that the Administrative Agent may, but shall not be obligated to, make any Communications available to the Lenders and the Issuing Banks by posting the Communications on IntraLinks , DebtDomain, SyndTrak, ClearPar or any other electronic platform chosen by the Administrative Agent to be its electronic transmission system (the Approved Electronic Platform ).

 106 

(b) Although the Approved Electronic Platform and its primary web portal are secured with generally-applicable security procedures and policies implemented or modified by the Administrative Agent from time to time (including, as of the Effective Date, a user ID/password authorization system) and the Approved Electronic Platform is secured through a per-deal authorization method whereby each user may access the Approved Electronic Platform only on a deal-by-deal basis, each of the Lenders, each of the Issuing Banks and the Borrower acknowledges and agrees that the distribution of material through an electronic medium is not necessarily secure, that the Administrative Agent is not responsible for approving or vetting the representatives or contacts of any Lender that are added to the Approved Electronic Platform, and that there may be confidentiality and other risks associated with such distribution. Each of the Lenders, each of the Issuing Banks and the Borrower hereby approves distribution of the Communications through the Approved Electronic Platform and understands and assumes the risks of such distribution. 
 (c) THE APPROVED ELECTRONIC PLATFORM AND THE COMMUNICATIONS ARE PROVIDED AS IS AND AS AVAILABLE . THE APPLICABLE PARTIES (AS DEFINED BELOW) DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE COMMUNICATIONS, OR THE ADEQUACY OF THE APPROVED ELECTRONIC PLATFORM AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM LIABILITY FOR ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN THE APPROVED ELECTRONIC PLATFORM AND THE COMMUNICATIONS. NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS OR FREEDOM FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER CODE DEFECTS, IS MADE BY THE APPLICABLE PARTIES IN CONNECTION WITH THE COMMUNICATIONS OR THE APPROVED ELECTRONIC PLATFORM. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, ANY ARRANGER OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE RELATED PARTIES (COLLECTIVELY, APPLICABLE PARTIES HAVE ANY LIABILITY TO ANY LOAN PARTY, ANY LENDER, ANY ISSUING BANK OR ANY OTHER PERSON OR ENTITY FOR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING DIRECT OR INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, LOSSES OR EXPENSES (WHETHER IN TORT, CONTRACT OR OTHERWISE) ARISING OUT OF ANY LOAN PARTY S OR THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT S TRANSMISSION OF COMMUNICATIONS THROUGH THE INTERNET OR THE APPROVED ELECTRONIC PLATFORM.
 Communications means, collectively, any notice, demand, communication, information, document or other material provided by or on behalf of any Loan Party pursuant to any Loan Document or the transactions contemplated therein which is distributed by the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Issuing Bank by means of electronic communications pursuant to this Section, including through an Approved Electronic Platform. (d) Each Lender and each Issuing Bank agrees that notice to it (as provided in the next sentence) specifying that Communications have been posted to the Approved Electronic Platform shall constitute effective delivery of the Communications to such Lender for purposes of the Loan Documents. Each Lender and Issuing Bank agrees to notify the Administrative Agent in writing (which could be in the form of electronic communication) from time to time of such Lender s or Issuing Bank s (as applicable) email address to which the foregoing notice may be sent by electronic transmission and that the foregoing notice may be sent to such email address.
 (e) Each of the Lenders, each of the Issuing Banks and the Borrower agrees that the Administrative Agent may, but (except as may be required by applicable law) shall not be 

 107 

obligated to, store the Communications on the Approved Electronic Platform in accordance with the Administrative Agent s generally applicable document retention procedures and policies.
 (f) Nothing herein shall prejudice the right of the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Issuing Bank to give any notice or other communication pursuant to any Loan Document in any other manner specified in such Loan Document.
 Section 8.04. The Administrative Agent Individually . With respect to its Commitment, Loans (including Swingline Loans), Letter of Credit Commitments and Letters of Credit, the Person serving as the Administrative Agent shall have and may exercise the same rights and powers hereunder and is subject to the same obligations and liabilities as and to the extent set forth herein for any other Lender or Issuing Bank, as the case may be. The terms Issuing Banks , Lenders , Required Lenders and any similar terms shall, unless the context clearly otherwise indicates, include the Administrative Agent in its individual capacity as a Lender, Issuing Bank or as one of the Required Lenders, as applicable. The Person serving as the Administrative Agent and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, own securities of, act as the financial advisor or in any other advisory capacity for and generally engage in any kind of banking, trust or other business with, the Borrower, any Subsidiary or any Affiliate of any of the foregoing as if such Person was not acting as the Administrative Agent and without any duty to account therefor to the Lenders or the Issuing Banks. 
 Section 8.05. Successor Administrative Agent . 
 (a) The Administrative Agent may resign at any time by giving 30 days prior written notice thereof to the Lenders, the Issuing Banks and the Borrower, whether or not a successor Administrative Agent has been appointed. Upon any such resignation, the Required Lenders shall have the right to appoint a successor Administrative Agent. If no successor Administrative Agent shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders, and shall have accepted such appointment, within 30 days after the retiring Administrative Agent s giving of notice of resignation, then the retiring Administrative Agent may, on behalf of the Lenders and the Issuing Banks, appoint a successor Administrative Agent, which shall be a bank with an office in New York, New York or an Affiliate of any such bank. In either case, such appointment shall be subject to the prior written approval of the Borrower (which approval may not be unreasonably withheld and shall not be required while an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing). Upon the acceptance of any appointment as Administrative Agent by a successor Administrative Agent, such successor Administrative Agent shall succeed to, and become vested with, all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Administrative Agent. Upon the acceptance of appointment as Administrative Agent by a successor Administrative Agent, the retiring Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. Prior to any retiring Administrative Agent s resignation hereunder as Administrative Agent, the retiring Administrative Agent shall take such action as may be reasonably necessary to assign to the successor Administrative Agent its rights as Administrative Agent under the Loan Documents. 
 (b) Notwithstanding paragraph (a) of this Section, in the event no successor Administrative Agent shall have been so appointed and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days after the retiring Administrative Agent gives notice of its intent to resign, the retiring Administrative Agent may give notice of the effectiveness of its resignation to the Lenders, the Issuing Banks and the Borrower, whereupon, on the date of effectiveness of such resignation stated in such notice, the retiring Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents; and the Required Lenders shall 

 108 

succeed to and become vested with all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Administrative Agent; provided that all payments required to be made hereunder or under any other Loan Document to the Administrative Agent for the account of any Person other than the Administrative Agent shall be made directly to such Person and all notices and other communications required or contemplated to be given or made to the Administrative Agent shall directly be given or made to each Lender and each Issuing Bank. Following the effectiveness of the Administrative Agent s resignation from its capacity as such, the provisions of this Article and Section 9.03, as well as any exculpatory, reimbursement and indemnification provisions set forth in any other Loan Document, shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring Administrative Agent, its sub-agents and their respective Related Parties in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them while the retiring Administrative Agent was acting as Administrative Agent.
 Section 8.06. Acknowledgements of Lenders and Issuing Banks . 
 (a) Each Lender and each Issuing Bank represents and warrants that the Loan Documents set forth the terms of a commercial lending facility, it is engaged in making, acquiring or holding commercial loans and in providing other facilities set forth herein as may be applicable to such Lender or Issuing Bank, in each case in the ordinary course of business, and not for the purpose of purchasing, acquiring or holding any other type of financial instrument (and each Lender and each Issuing Bank agrees not to assert a claim in contravention of the foregoing), it has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, any Arranger or any other Lender or Issuing Bank, or any of the Related Parties of any of the foregoing, and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement as a Lender, and to make, acquire or hold Loans hereunder and it is sophisticated with respect to decisions to make, acquire and/or hold commercial loans and to provide other facilities set forth herein, as may be applicable to such Lender or such Issuing Bank, and either it, or the Person exercising discretion in making its decision to make, acquire and/or hold such commercial loans or to provide such other facilities, is experienced in making, acquiring or holding such commercial loans or providing such other facilities. Each Lender and each Issuing Bank also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, any Arranger or any other Lender or Issuing Bank, or any of the Related Parties of any of the foregoing, and based on such documents and information (which may contain material, non-public information within the meaning of the United States securities laws concerning the Borrower and its Affiliates) as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder. 
 (b) Each Lender, by delivering its signature page to this Agreement on the Effective Date, or delivering its signature page to an Assignment and Assumption or any other Loan Document pursuant to which it shall become a Lender hereunder, shall be deemed to have acknowledged receipt of, and consented to and approved, each Loan Document and each other document required to be delivered to, or be approved by or satisfactory to, the Administrative Agent or the Lenders on the Effective Date.
 (c) Each Lender hereby agrees that (x) if the Administrative Agent notifies such Lender that the Administrative Agent has determined in its sole discretion that any funds received by such Lender from the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates (whether as a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees or otherwise; individually and collectively, a Payment were erroneously transmitted to such Lender (whether or not known to such Lender), 

 109 

and demands the return of such Payment (or a portion thereof), such Lender shall promptly, but in no event later than one Business Day thereafter, return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made in same day funds, together with interest thereon in respect of each day from and including the date such Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Lender to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent at the greater of the NYFRB Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect, and (y) to the extent permitted by applicable law, such Lender shall not assert, and hereby waives, as to the Administrative Agent, any claim, counterclaim, defense or right of set-off or recoupment with respect to any demand, claim or counterclaim by the Administrative Agent for the return of any Payments received, including without limitation any defense based on discharge for value or any similar doctrine. A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Lender under this Section 8.06(c) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error.
 (i) Each Lender hereby further agrees that if it receives a Payment from the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates (x) that is in a different amount than, or on a different date from, that specified in a notice of payment sent by the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates) with respect to such Payment (a Payment Notice or (y) that was not preceded or accompanied by a Payment Notice, it shall be on notice, in each such case, that an error has been made with respect to such Payment. Each Lender agrees that, in each such case, or if it otherwise becomes aware a Payment (or portion thereof) may have been sent in error, such Lender shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent of such occurrence and, upon demand from the Administrative Agent, it shall promptly, but in no event later than one Business Day thereafter, return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made in same day funds, together with interest thereon in respect of each day from and including the date such Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Lender to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent at the greater of the NYFRB Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect.
 (ii) The Borrower and each other Loan Party hereby agrees that (x) in the event an erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) are not recovered from any Lender that has received such Payment (or portion thereof) for any reason, the Administrative Agent shall be subrogated to all the rights of such Lender with respect to such amount and (y) an erroneous Payment shall not pay, prepay, repay, discharge or otherwise satisfy any Obligations owed by the Borrower or any other Loan Party.
 (iii) Each party s obligations under this Section 8.06(c) shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any transfer of rights or obligations by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments or the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all Obligations under any Loan Document.
 Section 8.07. [Reserved] 
 Section 8.08. Certain ERISA Matters . 
 (a) Each Lender (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative 

 110 

Agent, the Arranger and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower or any other Loan Party, that at least one of the following is and will be true:
 (i) such Lender is not using plan assets (within the meaning of the Plan Asset Regulations) of one or more Benefit Plans in connection with the Loans, the Letters of Credit or the Commitments,
 (ii) the transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE 84-14 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by independent qualified professional asset managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company general accounts), PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by in-house asset managers), is applicable with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement,
 (iii) (A) such Lender is an investment fund managed by a Qualified Professional Asset Manager (within the meaning of Part VI of PTE 84-14), (B) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Lender to enter into, participate in, administer and perform the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, (C) the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement satisfies the requirements of sub-sections (b) through (g) of Part I of PTE 84-14 and (D) to the best knowledge of such Lender, the requirements of subsection (a) of Part I of PTE 84-14 are satisfied with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, or
 (iv) such other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in writing between the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, and such Lender.
 (b) In addition, unless sub- clause (i) in the immediately preceding clause (a) is true with respect to a Lender or such Lender has provided another representation, warranty and covenant as provided in sub-clause (iv) in the immediately preceding clause (a), such Lender further (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent the Arranger and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower or any other Loan Party, that none of the Administrative Agent, or any Arranger or any of their respective Affiliates is a fiduciary with respect to the assets of such Lender (including in connection with the reservation or exercise of any rights by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement, any Loan Document or any documents related to hereto or thereto). 
 (c) The Administrative Agent, and the Arranger hereby informs the Lenders that each such Person is not undertaking to provide investment advice or to give advice in a fiduciary capacity, in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, and that such Person has a financial interest in the transactions contemplated hereby in that such Person or an Affiliate thereof 

 111 

may receive interest or other payments with respect to the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments, this Agreement and any other Loan Documents may recognize a gain if it extended the Loans, the Letters of Credit or the Commitments for an amount less than the amount being paid for an interest in the Loans, the Letters of Credit or the Commitments by such Lender or may receive fees or other payments in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, the Loan Documents or otherwise, including structuring fees, commitment fees, arrangement fees, facility fees, upfront fees, underwriting fees, ticking fees, agency fees, administrative agent or collateral agent fees, utilization fees, minimum usage fees, letter of credit fees, fronting fees, deal-away or alternate transaction fees, amendment fees, processing fees, term out premiums, banker s acceptance fees, breakage or other early termination fees or fees similar to the foregoing. 
 Article 9 Miscellaneous
 Section 9.01. Notices . 
 (a) Except in the case of notices and other communications expressly permitted to be given by telephone (and subject to paragraph (b) below), all notices and other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by telecopy, as follows:
 (i) if to any Loan Party, to it in care of the Borrower at Axon Enterprise, Inc., 17800 N. 85 th Street, Scottsdale, AZ 85255, Attention of Legal (Fax No. (480) 905-2027);
 (ii) if to the Administrative Agent, to JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., JPMorgan Loan Services, 500 Stanton Christiana Road, Ops 2, 3 rd Floor Newark, DE 19713, Attention of Loan and Agency Services Group (Fax No. 1 (302) 634-3301);
 (iii) if to an Issuing Bank, to it at, in the case of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., 10 South Dearborn, Floor L2, Chicago, IL 60603-2300, Attention of Trenton Littleton (Fax No. 1 (888) 292-9533, E-mail: jpm.agency.servicing.1@jpmorgan.com and trent.littleton@chase.com);
 (iv) if to the Swingline Lender, to JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., 10 South Dearborn, Floor L2, Chicago, IL 60603-2300, Attention of Trenton Littleton (Fax No. 1 (888) 292-9533, E-mail: jpm.agency.servicing.1@jpmorgan.com and trent.littleton@chase.com); and
 (v) if to any other Lender, to it at its address (or telecopy number) set forth in its Administrative Questionnaire.
 Notices sent by hand or overnight courier service, or mailed by certified or registered mail, shall be deemed to have been given when received; notices sent by facsimile shall be deemed to have been given when sent (except that, if not given during normal business hours for the recipient, shall be deemed to have been given at the opening of business on the next business day for the recipient). Notices delivered through Approved Electronic Platforms, to the extent provided in paragraph (b) below, shall be effective as provided in said paragraph (b). 
 112 

(b) Notices and other communications to the Borrower, any Loan Party, the Lenders and the Issuing Banks hereunder may be delivered or furnished by using Approved Electronic Platforms pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent; provided that the foregoing shall not apply to notices pursuant to Article 2 unless otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent and the applicable Lender. The Administrative Agent or the Borrower may, in its discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by it; provided that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications.
 (c) Unless the Administrative Agent otherwise prescribes, notices and other communications sent to an e-mail address shall be deemed received upon the sender s receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended recipient (such as by the return receipt requested function, as available, return e-mail or other written acknowledgement), and notices or communications posted to an Internet or intranet website shall be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient, at its e-mail address as described in the foregoing clause (i), of notification that such notice or communication is available and identifying the website address therefor; provided that, for both clauses (i) and (ii) above, if such notice, email or other communication is not sent during the normal business hours of the recipient, such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the next business day for the recipient.
 (d) Any party hereto may change its address or telecopy number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto.
 Section 9.02. Waivers; Amendments . No failure or delay by the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender in exercising any right or power hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right or power, or any abandonment or discontinuance of steps to enforce such a right or power, preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right or power. The rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders hereunder are cumulative and are not exclusive of any rights or remedies that they would otherwise have. No waiver of any provision of this Agreement or consent to any departure by the Borrower therefrom shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be permitted by paragraph (b) of this Section , and then such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the purpose for which given. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the making of a Loan or issuance of a Letter of Credit shall not be construed as a waiver of any Default, regardless of whether the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Issuing Bank may have had notice or knowledge of such Default at the time. 
 (a) Subject to Section 2.14(b) and (c) and Section 9.02(c) below, neither this Agreement nor any other Loan Document nor any provision hereof or thereof may be waived, amended or modified except (i) in the case of this Agreement, pursuant to an agreement or agreements in writing entered into by the Borrower and the Required Lenders or (ii) in the case of any other Loan Document, pursuant to an agreement or agreements in writing entered into by the Administrative Agent and the Loan Party or Loan Parties that are parties thereto, with the consent of the Required Lenders; provided that no such agreement shall increase the Commitment of any Lender without the written consent of such Lender, reduce the principal amount of any Loan or LC Disbursement or reduce the rate of interest thereon, or reduce any fees payable hereunder, without the written consent of each Lender affected thereby, postpone the scheduled date of payment of the principal amount of any Loan or LC Disbursement, or any interest thereon, or any fees payable hereunder, or reduce the amount of, waive or excuse any such payment, or postpone 

 113 

the scheduled date of expiration of any Commitment, without the written consent of each Lender affected thereby, (A) change Section 2.09(c) or 2.18(b) or (c) in a manner that would alter the ratable reduction of Commitments or the pro rata sharing of payments required thereby, (B) subordinate in right of payment any of the Obligations owed to the Lenders to any other Indebtedness or (C) if at any time the Obligations owed to the Lenders under the Loan Documents are secured by Liens, subordinate any such Liens (excluding any Liens that the Administrative Agent is authorized to release or subordinate pursuant to the express terms of the Loan Documents) to Liens securing any other Indebtedness, in each case under this clause (iv) without the written consent of each Lender, change the payment waterfall provisions of Section 2.20(b) or Section 7.03 without the written consent of each Lender, release any Guarantor from any Loan Guaranty (except as set forth in Article 10) or limit its liability in respect thereof, without the written consent of each Lender, change the definition of Alternative Currency , or change any of the provisions of this Section or the definition of Required Lenders or any other provision hereof specifying the number or percentage of Lenders required to waive, amend or modify any rights hereunder or make any determination or grant any consent hereunder, without the written consent of each Lender; provided further that no such agreement shall amend, modify or otherwise affect the rights or duties of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks or the Swingline Lender hereunder without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks or the Swingline Lender, as the case may be; and provided further that no such agreement shall amend or modify the provisions of Section 2.06 without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Banks.
 (b) If the Administrative Agent and the Borrower acting together identify any ambiguity, omission, mistake, typographical error or other defect in any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, then the Administrative Agent and the Borrower shall be permitted to amend, modify or supplement such provision to cure such ambiguity, omission, mistake, typographical error or other defect, and such amendment shall become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement.
 Section 9.03. Expenses; Limitation of Liability; Indemnity, Etc. 
 (a) Expenses . The Loan Parties, jointly and severally, shall pay all reasonable out of pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent and its Affiliates, including the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of counsel for the Administrative Agent, in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein, the preparation and administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents or any amendments, modifications or waivers of the provisions hereof or thereof (whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall be consummated), all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by any Issuing Bank in connection with the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or any demand for payment thereunder and all out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender, including the fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender, in connection with the enforcement or protection of its rights in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, including its rights under this Section , or in connection with the Loans made or Letters of Credit issued hereunder, including all such out-of-pocket expenses incurred during any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of such Loans or Letters of Credit. Expenses being reimbursed by the Loan Parties under this Section include, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, fees, costs and expenses incurred in connection with:
 (A) insurance reviews;

 114 

(B) field examinations and the preparation of Reports based on the fees charged by a third party retained by the Administrative Agent or the internally allocated fees for each Person employed by the Administrative Agent with respect to each field examination;
 (C) background checks regarding senior management and/or key investors, as deemed necessary or appropriate in the sole discretion of the Administrative Agent;
 (D) sums paid or incurred to take any action required of any Loan Party under the Loan Documents that such Loan Party fails to pay or take.
 All of the foregoing fees, costs and expenses may be charged to the Borrower as Revolving Loans or to another deposit account, all as described in Section 2.18(e). (b) Limitation of Liability . To the extent permitted by applicable law the Borrower and any Loan Party shall not assert, and the Borrower and each Loan Party hereby waives, any claim against the Administrative Agent, any Arranger, any Issuing Bank and any Lender, and any Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called a Lender-Related Person for any Liabilities arising from the use by others of information or other materials (including, without limitation, any personal data) obtained through telecommunications, electronic or other information transmission systems (including the Internet), and no party hereto shall assert, and each such party hereby waives, any Liabilities against any other party hereto, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement, any other Loan Document, or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, the Transactions, any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use of the proceeds thereof; provided that, nothing in this Section 9.03(b) shall relieve the Borrower and each Loan Party of any obligation it may have to indemnify an Indemnitee, as provided in Section 9.03(c), against any special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages asserted against such Indemnitee by a third party.
 (c) Indemnity . The Loan Parties, jointly and severally, shall indemnify the Administrative Agent, the Arranger, each Issuing Bank and each Lender, and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called an Indemnitee against, and hold each Indemnitee harmless from, any and all Liabilities and related expenses, including the fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for any Indemnitee, incurred by or asserted against any Indemnitee arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of the execution or delivery of this Agreement, any other Loan Document, or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, the performance by the parties hereto of their respective obligations hereunder or thereunder or the consummation of the Transactions or any other transactions contemplated hereby, any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use of the proceeds therefrom (including any refusal by an Issuing Bank to honor a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit if the documents presented in connection with such demand do not strictly comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit), any actual or alleged presence or release of Hazardous Materials on or from any property owned or operated by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, or any Environmental Liability related in any way to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, or any actual or prospective Proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether or not such Proceeding is brought by the Borrower or any other Loan Party or its or their respective equity holders, Affiliates, creditors or any other third Person and whether based on contract, tort or any other theory and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto; provided that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such Liabilities or related expenses are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted primarily 

 115 

from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee. This Section 9.03(c) shall not apply with respect to Taxes other than any Taxes that represent losses, claims or damages arising from any non-Tax claim.
 (d) Lender Reimbursement . Each Lender severally agrees to pay any amount required to be paid by any Loan Party under paragraphs (a), (b) or (c) of this Section 9.03 to the Administrative Agent, each Issuing Bank and the Swingline Lender, and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each, an Agent-Related Person (to the extent not reimbursed by the Loan Parties and without limiting the obligation of any Loan Party to do so), ratably according to their respective Applicable Percentage in effect on the date on which such payment is sought under this Section (or, if such payment is sought after the date upon which the Commitments shall have terminated and the Loans shall have been paid in full, ratably in accordance with such Applicable Percentage immediately prior to such date), and agrees to indemnify and hold each Agent-Related Person harmless from and against any and all Liabilities and related expenses, including the fees, charges and disbursements of any kind whatsoever that may at any time (whether before or after the payment of the Loans) be imposed on, incurred by or asserted against such Agent-Related Person in any way relating to or arising out of the Commitments, this Agreement, any of the other Loan Documents or any documents contemplated by or referred to herein or therein or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby or any action taken or omitted by such Agent-Related Person under or in connection with any of the foregoing; provided that the unreimbursed expense or Liability or related expense, as the case may be, was incurred by or asserted against such Agent-Related Person in its capacity as such; provided further that no Lender shall be liable for the payment of any portion of such Liabilities, costs, expenses or disbursements that are found by a final and nonappealable decision of a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted primarily from such Agent-Related Party s gross negligence or willful misconduct. The agreements in this Section shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the payment of the Loans and all other amounts payable hereunder.
 (e) Payments . All amounts due under this Section 9.03 shall be payable promptly after written demand therefor.
 Section 9.04. Successors and Assigns . The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby (including any Affiliate of an Issuing Bank that issues any Letter of Credit), except that the Borrower may not assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each Lender (and any attempted assignment or transfer by the Borrower without such consent shall be null and void) and no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer its rights or obligations hereunder except in accordance with this Section . Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby (including any Affiliate of an Issuing Bank that issues any Letter of Credit), Participants (to the extent provided in paragraph (c) of this Section) and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement.
 (a) Subject to the conditions set forth in paragraph (b)(ii) below, any Lender may assign to one or more Persons (other than an Ineligible Institution) all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment, participations in Letters of Credit and the Loans at the time owing to it) with the prior written consent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) of:

 116 

(A) the Borrower; provided that the Borrower shall be deemed to have consented to an assignment of all or a portion of the Revolving Loans and Commitments unless it shall have objected thereto by written notice to the Administrative Agent within ten (10) Business Days after having received notice thereof provided further that no consent of the Borrower shall be required for an assignment to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender, an Approved Fund or, if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, any other assignee;
 (B) the Administrative Agent; provided that no consent of the Administrative Agent shall be required for an assignment of any Commitment to an assignee that is a Lender (other than a Defaulting Lender) with a Commitment immediately prior to giving effect to such assignment; 
 (C) each Issuing Bank; and
 (D) the Swingline Lender.
 (ii) Assignments shall be subject to the following additional conditions:
 (A) except in the case of an assignment to a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender or an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the assigning Lender s Commitment or Loans of any Class, the amount of the Commitment or Loans of the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment (determined as of the date the Assignment and Assumption with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent) shall not be less than 5,000,000 unless each of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent otherwise consent; provided that no such consent of the Borrower shall be required if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing;
 (B) each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement; provided that this clause shall not be construed to prohibit the assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lender s rights and obligations in respect of one Class of Commitments or Loans;
 (C) the parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent (x) an Assignment and Assumption or (y) to the extent applicable, an agreement incorporating an Assignment and Assumption by reference pursuant to an Approved Electronic Platform as to which the Administrative Agent and the parties to the Assignment and Assumption are participants, together with a processing and recordation fee of 3,500; and
 (D) the assignee, if it shall not be a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire in which the assignee designates one or more Credit Contacts to whom all syndicate-level information (which may contain material non-public information about the Borrower, the Loan Parties and their related parties or their respective securities) will be made available and who may receive such information in accordance with the assignee s compliance procedures and applicable laws, including Federal and state securities laws.
 For the purposes of this Section 9.04(b), the term Approved Fund and Ineligible Institution have the following meanings: 
 117 

Approved Fund means any Person (other than a natural person) that is engaged in making, purchasing, holding or investing in bank loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its business and that is administered or managed by (a) a Lender, (b) an Affiliate of a Lender or (c) an entity or an Affiliate of an entity that administers or manages a Lender. Ineligible Institution means (a) a natural person, (b) a Defaulting Lender or its Lender Parent, (c) a company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of, a natural person or relative(s) thereof or (d) the Borrower or any of its Affiliates; provided that, with respect to clause (c), such company, investment vehicle or trust shall not constitute an Ineligible Institution if it (x) has not been established for the primary purpose of acquiring any Loans or Commitments, (y) is managed by a professional advisor, who is not such natural person or a relative thereof, having significant experience in the business of making or purchasing commercial loans, and (z) has assets greater than 25,000,000 and a significant part of its activities consist of making or purchasing commercial loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its business. (iii) Subject to acceptance and recording thereof pursuant to paragraph (b) (iv) of this Section, from and after the effective date specified in each Assignment and Assumption the assignee thereunder shall be a party hereto and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Assumption covering all of the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.15, 2.16, 2.17 and 9.03 ). Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this Section shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with paragraph (c) of this Section.
 (iv) The Administrative Agent, acting for this purpose as an agent of the Borrower, shall maintain at one of its offices a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Commitment of, and principal amount (and stated interest) of the Loans and LC Disbursements owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the Register ). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive, and the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Borrower, any Issuing Bank and any Lender, at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. 
 (v) Upon its receipt of (x) a duly completed Assignment and Assumption executed by an assigning Lender and an assignee or (y) to the extent applicable, an agreement incorporating an Assignment and Assumption by reference pursuant to an Approved Electronic Platform as to which the Administrative Agent and the parties to the Assignment and Assumption are participants, the assignee s completed Administrative Questionnaire (unless the assignee shall already be a Lender hereunder), the processing and recordation fee referred to in paragraph (b) of this Section and any written consent to such assignment required by paragraph (b) of this Section, the Administrative Agent shall 

 118 

accept such Assignment and Assumption and record the information contained therein in the Register; provided that if either the assigning Lender or the assignee shall have failed to make any payment required to be made by it pursuant to Section 2.05(d), 2.06(d) or (e), 2.07(b), 2.18(d) or 9.03(d) , the Administrative Agent shall have no obligation to accept such Assignment and Assumption and record the information therein in the Register unless and until such payment shall have been made in full, together with all accrued interest thereon. No assignment shall be effective for purposes of this Agreement unless it has been recorded in the Register as provided in this paragraph. 
 (b) Any Lender may, without the consent of, or notice to, the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks or the Swingline Lender, sell participations to one or more banks or other entities (a Participant ), other than an Ineligible Institution, in all or a portion of such Lender s rights and/or obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and/or the Loans owing to it); provided that such Lender s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged; such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations; and the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement. Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement; provided that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, modification or waiver described in the first proviso to Section 9.02(b) that affects such Participant. The Borrower agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 2.15, 2.16 and 2.17 (subject to the requirements and limitations therein, including the requirements under Sections 2.17(f) (it being understood that the documentation required under Section 2.17(f) shall be delivered to the participating Lender and the information)) to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to paragraph (b) of this Section; provided that such Participant agrees to be subject to the provisions of Section 2.19 as if it were an assignee under paragraph (b) of this Section; and shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Section 2.15 or 2.17, with respect to any participation, than its participating Lender would have been entitled to receive, except to the extent such entitlement to receive a greater payment results from a Change in Law that occurs after the Participant acquired the applicable participation. Each Lender that sells a participation agrees, at the Borrower s request and expense, to use reasonable efforts to cooperate with the Borrower to effectuate the provisions of Section 2.19(b) with respect to any Participant. To the extent permitted by law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 9.08 as though it were a Lender; provided that such Participant agrees to be subject to Section 2.18(c) as though it were a Lender. Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as a nonfiduciary agent of the Borrower, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Participant s interest in the Loans or other obligations under the Loan Documents (the Participant Register provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participant s interest in any Commitments, Loans, Letters of Credit or its other obligations under any Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such Commitment, Loan, Letter of Credit or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f .103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to 

 119 

the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register. 
 (c) Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement to secure obligations of such Lender, including any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank, and this Section shall not apply to any such pledge or assignment of a security interest; provided that no such pledge or assignment of a security interest shall release a Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto.
 Section 9.05. Survival . All covenants, agreements, representations and warranties made by the Loan Parties and the Loan Documents and in the certificates or other instruments delivered in connection with or pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Documents shall be considered to have been relied upon by the other parties hereto and shall survive the execution and delivery of the Loan Documents and the making of any Loans and issuance of any Letters of Credit, regardless of any investigation made by any such other party or on its behalf and notwithstanding that the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of any Default or incorrect representation or warranty at the time any credit is extended hereunder, and shall continue in full force and effect as long as the principal of or any accrued interest on any Loan or any fee or any other amount payable under this Agreement is outstanding and unpaid or any Letter of Credit is outstanding and so long as the Commitments have not expired or terminated. The provisions of Sections 2.15, 2.16, 2.17 and 9.03 and Article 8 shall survive and remain in full force and effect regardless of the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, the repayment of the Loans, the expiration or termination of the Letters of Credit and the Commitments or the termination of this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any provision hereof or thereof.
 Section 9.06. Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness; Electronic Execution . 
 (a) This Agreement may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto on different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. This Agreement, the other Loan Documents and any separate letter agreements with respect to fees payable to the Administrative Agent and the reductions of the Letter of Credit Commitment of any Issuing Bank constitute the entire contract among the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the subject matter hereof. Except as provided in Section 4.01, this Agreement shall become effective when it shall have been executed by the Administrative Agent and when the Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts hereof which, when taken together, bear the signatures of each of the other parties hereto, and thereafter shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns.
 (b) Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of (x) this Agreement, (y) any other Loan Document and/or (z) any document, amendment, approval, consent, information, notice (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any notice delivered pursuant to Section 9.01), certificate, request, statement, disclosure or authorization related to this Agreement, any other Loan Document and/or the transactions contemplated hereby and/or thereby (each an Ancillary Document that is an Electronic Signature transmitted by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement, such other Loan Document or 

 120 

such Ancillary Document, as applicable. The words execution, signed, signature, delivery, and words of like import in or relating to this Agreement, any other Loan Document and/or any Ancillary Document shall be deemed to include Electronic Signatures, deliveries or the keeping of records in any electronic form (including deliveries by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page), each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be; provided that nothing herein shall require the Administrative Agent to accept Electronic Signatures in any form or format without its prior written consent and pursuant to procedures approved by it; provided , further , without limiting the foregoing, to the extent the Administrative Agent has agreed to accept any Electronic Signature, the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders shall be entitled to rely on such Electronic Signature purportedly given by or on behalf of the Borrower or any other Loan Party without further verification thereof and without any obligation to review the appearance or form of any such Electronic signature and upon the request of the Administrative Agent or any Lender, any Electronic Signature shall be promptly followed by a manually executed counterpart. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Borrower and each Loan Party hereby agrees that, for all purposes, including without limitation, in connection with any workout, restructuring, enforcement of remedies, bankruptcy proceedings or litigation among the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, the Borrower and the Loan Parties, Electronic Signatures transmitted by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page and/or any electronic images of this Agreement, any other Loan Document and/or any Ancillary Document shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as any paper original, the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders may, at its option, create one or more copies of this Agreement, any other Loan Document and/or any Ancillary Document in the form of an imaged electronic record in any format, which shall be deemed created in the ordinary course of such Person s business, and destroy the original paper document (and all such electronic records shall be considered an original for all purposes and shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a paper record), waives any argument, defense or right to contest the legal effect, validity or enforceability of this Agreement, any other Loan Document and/or any Ancillary Document based solely on the lack of paper original copies of this Agreement, such other Loan Document and/or such Ancillary Document, respectively, including with respect to any signature pages thereto and waives any claim against any Lender-Related Person for any Liabilities arising solely from the Administrative Agent s and/or any Lender s reliance on or use of Electronic Signatures and/or transmissions by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page, including any Liabilities arising as a result of the failure of the Borrower and/or any Loan Party to use any available security measures in connection with the execution, delivery or transmission of any Electronic Signature.
 Section 9.07. Severability . Any provision of this Agreement held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability without affecting the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions hereof; and the invalidity of a particular provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate such provision in any other jurisdiction. 
 Section 9.08. Right of Setoff . If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, each Lender, each Issuing Bank, and each of their respective Affiliates is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by law, to setoff and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final) at any time held, and other obligations at any time owing, by such Lender, such Issuing Bank or any such 

 121 

Affiliate, to or for the credit or the account of the Borrower against any and all of the obligations of such Loan Party now or hereafter existing under this Agreement or any other Loan Document to such Lender or such Issuing Bank or their respective Affiliates, irrespective of whether or not such Lender, Issuing Bank or Affiliate shall have made any demand under this Agreement or any other Loan Document and although such obligations of the Borrower may be contingent or unmatured or are owed to a branch office or Affiliate of such Lender or such Issuing Bank different from the branch office or Affiliate holding such deposit or obligated on such indebtedness; provided that in the event that any Defaulting Lender shall exercise any such right of setoff, (x) all amounts so setoff shall be paid over immediately to the Administrative Agent for further application in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.20 and, pending such payment, shall be segregated by such Defaulting Lender from its other funds and deemed held in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks, and the Lenders, and (y) the Defaulting Lender shall provide promptly to the Administrative Agent a statement describing in reasonable detail the Obligations owing to such Defaulting Lender as to which it exercised such right of setoff. The rights of each Lender, each Issuing Bank and their respective Affiliates under this Section are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff) that such Lender, such Issuing Bank or their respective Affiliates may have. Each Lender and Issuing Bank agrees to notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent promptly after any such setoff and application; provided that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such setoff and application.
 Section 9.09. Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Consent to Service of Process . 
 (a) This Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the law of the State of New York.
 (b) Each of the Lenders and the Administrative Agent hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that, notwithstanding the governing law provisions of any applicable Loan Document, any claims brought against the Administrative Agent by any Lender relating to this Agreement, any other Loan Document or the consummation or administration of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the law of the State of New York.
 (c) Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submits, for itself and its property, to the exclusive jurisdiction of the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York sitting in the Borough of Manhattan (or if such court lacks subject matter jurisdiction, the Supreme Court of the State of New York sitting in the Borough of Manhattan), and any appellate court from any thereof, in any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the transactions relating hereto or thereto, or for recognition or enforcement of any judgment, and each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that all claims in respect of any such action or proceeding may (and any such claims, cross-claims or third party claims brought against the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties may only) be heard and determined in such Federal (to the extent permitted by law) or New York State court. Each of the parties hereto agrees that a final judgment in any such action or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law. Nothing in this Agreement or in any other Loan Document shall (i) affect any right that the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender may otherwise have to bring any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement against the Borrower, any Loan Party or its properties in the courts of any jurisdiction, (ii) waive any statutory, regulatory, common law, or other rule, doctrine, legal 

 122 

restriction, provision or the like providing for the treatment of bank branches, bank agencies, or other bank offices as if they were separate juridical entities for certain purposes, including Uniform Commercial Code Sections 4-106, 4-A-105(1)(b), and 5-116(b), UCP 600 Article 3 and ISP98 Rule 2.02, and URDG 758 Article 3(a), or (iii) affect which courts have or do not have personal jurisdiction over the issuing bank or beneficiary of any Letter of Credit or any advising bank, nominated bank or assignee of proceeds thereunder or proper venue with respect to any litigation arising out of or relating to such Letter of Credit with, or affecting the rights of, any Person not a party to this Agreement, whether or not such Letter of Credit contains its own jurisdiction submission clause.
 (d) Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waives, to the fullest extent it may legally and effectively do so, any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document in any court referred to in paragraph (c) of this Section . Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such action or proceeding in any such court. 
 (e) Each party to this Agreement irrevocably consents to service of process in the manner provided for notices in Section 9.01 . Nothing in this Agreement will affect the right of any party to this Agreement to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 
 Section 9.10. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL . EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION.
 Section 9.11. Headings . Article and Section headings and the Table of Contents used herein are for convenience of reference only, are not part of this Agreement and shall not affect the construction of, or be taken into consideration in interpreting, this Agreement.
 Section 9.12. Confidentiality . Each of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders agrees to maintain the confidentiality of the Information (as defined below), except that Information may be disclosed to its Affiliates and its and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents, including accountants, legal counsel and other advisors (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential), to the extent requested by any Governmental Authority (including any self-regulatory authority, such as the National Association of Insurance Commissioners), to the extent required by applicable laws or regulations or by any subpoena or similar legal process, to any other party to this Agreement, in connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder or under any other Loan Document or any suit, action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or the enforcement of rights hereunder 

 123 

or under any other Loan Document, subject to an agreement containing provisions substantially the same as those of this Section, to any assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective assignee of or Participant in, any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement or any actual or prospective counterparty (or its advisors) to any swap or derivative transaction relating to the Borrower and its obligations, on a confidential basis to any rating agency in connection with rating the Borrower or its Subsidiaries or the credit facilities provided for herein or the CUSIP Service Bureau or any similar agency in connection with the issuance and monitoring of identification numbers with respect to the credit facilities provided for herein, with the consent of the Borrower or to the extent such Information becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section or becomes available to the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender on a non-confidential basis from a source other than the Borrower. For the purposes of this Section, Information means all information received from the Borrower relating to the Borrower or its business, other than any such information that is available to the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender on a non-confidential basis prior to disclosure by the Borrower and other than information pertaining to this Agreement routinely provided by arrangers to data service providers, including league table providers, that serve the lending industry; provided that, in the case of information received from the Borrower after the date hereof, such information is clearly identified at the time of delivery as confidential. Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such Person would accord to its own confidential information.
 Section 9.13. Material Non-Public Information . 
 (a) EACH LENDER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT INFORMATION AS DEFINED IN SECTION 9.12 FURNISHED TO IT PURSUANT TO THIS AGREEMENT MAY INCLUDE MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION CONCERNING THE BORROWER AND ITS RELATED PARTIES OR THEIR RESPECTIVE SECURITIES, AND CONFIRMS THAT IT HAS DEVELOPED COMPLIANCE PROCEDURES REGARDING THE USE OF MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION AND THAT IT WILL HANDLE SUCH MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION IN ACCORDANCE WITH THOSE PROCEDURES AND APPLICABLE LAW, INCLUDING FEDERAL AND STATE SECURITIES LAWS. 
 (b) ALL INFORMATION, INCLUDING REQUESTS FOR WAIVERS AND AMENDMENTS, FURNISHED BY THE BORROWER OR THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT PURSUANT TO, OR IN THE COURSE OF ADMINISTERING, THIS AGREEMENT WILL BE SYNDICATE-LEVEL INFORMATION, WHICH MAY CONTAIN MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION ABOUT THE BORROWER, THE LOAN PARTIES AND THEIR RELATED PARTIES OR THEIR RESPECTIVE SECURITIES. ACCORDINGLY, EACH LENDER REPRESENTS TO THE BORROWER AND THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT THAT IT HAS IDENTIFIED IN ITS ADMINISTRATIVE QUESTIONNAIRE A CREDIT CONTACT WHO MAY RECEIVE INFORMATION THAT MAY CONTAIN MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION IN ACCORDANCE WITH ITS COMPLIANCE PROCEDURES AND APPLICABLE LAW. 
 Section 9.14. Interest Rate Limitation . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if at any time the interest rate applicable to any Loan, together with all fees, charges and other amounts which are treated as interest on such Loan under applicable law (collectively the Charges ), shall exceed the maximum lawful rate (the Maximum Rate which may be 

 124 

contracted for, charged, taken, received or reserved by the Lenders holding such Loan in accordance with applicable law, the rate of interest payable in respect of such Loan hereunder, together with all Charges payable in respect thereof, shall be limited to the Maximum Rate and, to the extent lawful, the interest and Charges that would have been payable in respect of such Loan but were not payable as a result of the operation of this Section shall be cumulated and the interest and Charges payable to such Lender in respect of other Loans or periods shall be increased (but not above the Maximum Rate therefor) until such cumulated amount, together with interest thereon at the applicable Overnight Rate to the date of repayment, shall have been received by such Lender.
 Section 9.15. No Fiduciary Duty, etc. 
 (a) The Borrower acknowledges and agrees, and acknowledges its Subsidiaries understanding, that no Credit Party will have any obligations except those obligations expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents and each Credit Party is acting solely in the capacity of an arm s length contractual counterparty to the Borrower with respect to the Loan Documents and the transactions contemplated herein and therein and not as a financial advisor or a fiduciary to, or an agent of, the Borrower or any other person. The Borrower agrees that it will not assert any claim against any Credit Party based on an alleged breach of fiduciary duty by such Credit Party in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby. Additionally, the Borrower acknowledges and agrees that no Credit Party is advising the Borrower as to any legal, tax, investment, accounting, regulatory or any other matters in any jurisdiction. The Borrower shall consult with its own advisors concerning such matters and shall be responsible for making its own independent investigation and appraisal of the transactions contemplated herein or in the other Loan Documents, and the Credit Parties shall have no responsibility or liability to the Borrower with respect thereto. 
 (b) The Borrower further acknowledges and agrees, and acknowledges its Subsidiaries understanding, that each Credit Party, together with its Affiliates, is a full service securities or banking firm engaged in securities trading and brokerage activities as well as providing investment banking and other financial services. In the ordinary course of business, any Credit Party may provide investment banking and other financial services to, and/or acquire, hold or sell, for its own accounts and the accounts of customers, equity, debt and other securities and financial instruments (including bank loans and other obligations) of, the Borrower and other companies with which the Borrower may have commercial or other relationships. With respect to any securities and/or financial instruments so held by any Credit Party or any of its customers, all rights in respect of such securities and financial instruments, including any voting rights, will be exercised by the holder of the rights, in its sole discretion. 
 (c) In addition, the Borrower acknowledges and agrees, and acknowledges its Subsidiaries understanding, that each Credit Party and its affiliates may be providing debt financing, equity capital or other services (including financial advisory services) to other companies in respect of which the Borrower may have conflicting interests regarding the transactions described herein and otherwise. No Credit Party will use confidential information obtained from the Borrower by virtue of the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents or its other relationships with the Borrower in connection with the performance by such Credit Party of services for other companies, and no Credit Party will furnish any such information to other companies. The Borrower also acknowledges that no Credit Party has any obligation to use in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents, or to furnish to the Borrower, confidential information obtained from other companies. 

 125 

Section 9.16. USA PATRIOT Act . Each Lender that is subject to the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act of 2001 (the Patriot Act hereby notifies the Borrower that pursuant to the requirements of the Patriot Act, it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies the Borrower, which information includes the name and address of the Borrower and other information that will allow such Lender to identify the Borrower in accordance with the Patriot Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation.
 Section 9.17. Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Affected Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document may be subject to the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by: 
 (a) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any party hereto that is an Affected Financial Institution; and
 (b) the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable:
 (i) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability;
 (ii) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected Financial Institution, its parent entity, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document; or
 (iii) the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority.
 Section 9.18. Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs . To the extent that the Loan Documents provide support, through a guarantee or otherwise, for Swap Agreements or any other agreement or instrument that is a QFC (such support QFC Credit Support and each such QFC a Supported QFC ), the parties acknowledge and agree as follows with respect to the resolution power of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (together with the regulations promulgated thereunder, the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes in respect of such Supported QFC and QFC Credit Support (with the provisions below applicable notwithstanding that the Loan Documents and any Supported QFC may in fact be stated to be governed by the laws of the State of New York and/or of the United States or any other state of the United States):
 In the event a Covered Entity that is party to a Supported QFC (each, a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer of such Supported QFC and the benefit of such QFC Credit Support (and any interest and obligation in or under such Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support, and any rights in property securing such Supported QFC or such QFC Credit Support) from such Covered Party will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support (and any such interest, obligation and rights in 
 126 

property) were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. In the event a Covered Party or a BHC Act Affiliate of a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under the Loan Documents that might otherwise apply to such Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support that may be exercised against such Covered Party are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and the Loan Documents were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. Without limitation of the foregoing, it is understood and agreed that rights and remedies of the parties with respect to a Defaulting Lender shall in no event affect the rights of any Covered Party with respect to a Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support. Section 9.19. Judgment Currency . If, for the purposes of obtaining judgment in any court, it is necessary to convert a sum due hereunder or any other Loan Document in one currency into another currency, the rate of exchange used shall be that at which in accordance with normal banking procedures the Administrative Agent could purchase the first currency with such other currency on the Business Day preceding that on which final judgment is given. The obligation of the Borrower in respect of any such sum due from it to the Administrative Agent or any Lender hereunder or under the other Loan Documents shall, notwithstanding any judgment in a currency (the Judgment Currency other than that in which such sum is denominated in accordance with the applicable provisions of this Agreement (the Agreement Currency ), be discharged only to the extent that on the Business Day following receipt by the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as the case may be, of any sum adjudged to be so due in the Judgment Currency, the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as the case may be, may in accordance with normal banking procedures purchase the Agreement Currency with the Judgment Currency. If the amount of the Agreement Currency so purchased is less than the sum originally due to the Administrative Agent or any Lender from the Borrower in the Agreement Currency, the Borrower agrees, as a separate obligation and notwithstanding any such judgment, to indemnify the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as the case may be, against such loss. If the amount of the Agreement Currency so purchased is greater than the sum originally due to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in such Currency, the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as the case may be, agrees to return the amount of any excess to the Borrower (or to any other Person who may be entitled thereto under Applicable law). 
 Article 10 Loan Guaranty
 Section 10.01. Guaranty . Each Guarantor (other than those that have delivered a separate guaranty agreement) hereby agrees that it is jointly and severally liable for, and, as a primary obligor and not merely as surety, continuing, absolutely and unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees to the Lender Parties, the prompt payment when due, whether at stated maturity, upon acceleration or otherwise, and at all times thereafter, of the Obligations and all costs and expenses including, without limitation, all court costs and reasonable attorneys and paralegals fees (including allocated costs of in-house counsel and paralegals) and expenses paid or incurred by the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders in endeavoring to collect all or any part of the Obligations from, or in prosecuting any action against, the Borrower, any Guarantor or any other guarantor of all or any part of the Obligations (such costs and expenses, together with the Obligations, collectively the Guaranteed Obligation s provided, however, that the definition of Guaranteed Obligations shall not create any guarantee by any Guarantor of (or grant of security interest by any Guarantor to support, as applicable) any Excluded Swap Obligations of such Guarantor for purposes of determining any obligations of any 

 127 

Guarantor). Each Guarantor further agrees that the Guaranteed Obligations may be extended or renewed in whole or in part without notice to or further assent from it, and that it remains bound upon its guarantee notwithstanding any such extension or renewal. All terms of this Loan Guaranty apply to and may be enforced by or on behalf of any domestic or foreign branch or Affiliate of any Lender that extended any portion of the Guaranteed Obligations.
 Section 10.02. Guaranty of Payment . This Loan Guaranty is a guaranty of payment and not of collection. Each Guarantor waives any right to require the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any Lender to sue the Borrower, any Guarantor, any other guarantor of, or any other Person obligated for all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations (each, an Obligated Party ), or otherwise to enforce its payment against any collateral securing all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations.
 Section 10.03. No Discharge or Diminishment of Loan Guarant y.
 (a) Except as otherwise provided for herein, the obligations of each Guarantor hereunder are unconditional and absolute and not subject to any reduction, limitation, impairment or termination for any reason (other than the indefeasible payment in full in cash of the Guaranteed Obligations), including: (i) any claim of waiver, release, extension, renewal, settlement, surrender, alteration, or compromise of any of the Guaranteed Obligations, by operation of law or otherwise; (ii) any change in the corporate existence, structure or ownership of the Borrower or any other Obligated Party liable for any of the Guaranteed Obligations; (iii) any insolvency, bankruptcy, reorganization or other similar proceeding affecting any Obligated Party, or their assets or any resulting release or discharge of any obligation of any Obligated Party; or (iv) the existence of any claim, setoff or other rights which any Guarantor may have at any time against any Obligated Party, the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank, any Lender or any other Person, whether in connection herewith or in any unrelated transactions.
 (b) The obligations of each Guarantor hereunder are not subject to any defense or setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, or termination whatsoever by reason of the invalidity, illegality, or unenforceability of any of the Guaranteed Obligations or otherwise, or any provision of applicable law or regulation purporting to prohibit payment by any Obligated Party, of the Guaranteed Obligations or any part thereof.
 (c) Further, the obligations of any Guarantor hereunder are not discharged or impaired or otherwise affected by: (i) the failure of the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank, or any Lender to assert any claim or demand or to enforce any remedy with respect to all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations; (ii) any waiver or modification of or supplement to any provision of any agreement relating to the Guaranteed Obligations; (iii) any release, non-perfection, or invalidity of any indirect or direct security for the obligations of the Borrower for all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations or any obligations of any other Obligated Party liable for any of the Guaranteed Obligations; (iv) any action or failure to act by the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank, or any Lender with respect to any collateral securing any part of the Guaranteed Obligations; or (v) any default, failure or delay, willful or otherwise, in the payment or performance of any of the Guaranteed Obligations, or any other circumstance, act, omission or delay that might in any manner or to any extent vary the risk of such Guarantor or that would otherwise operate as a discharge of any Guarantor as a matter of law or equity (other than the indefeasible payment in full in cash of the Guaranteed Obligations).

 128 

Section 10.04. Defenses Waived . To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, each Guarantor hereby waives any defense based on or arising out of any defense of the Borrower or any Guarantor or the unenforceability of all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations from any cause, or the cessation from any cause of the liability of the Borrower, any Guarantor or any other Obligated Party, other than the indefeasible payment in full in cash of the Guaranteed Obligations. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, each Guarantor irrevocably waives acceptance hereof, presentment, demand, protest and, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any notice not provided for herein, as well as any requirement that at any time any action be taken by any Person against any Obligated Party, or any other Person. Each Guarantor confirms that it is not a surety under any state law and shall not raise any such law as a defense to its obligations hereunder. The Administrative Agent may, at its election, foreclose on any collateral held by it by one or more judicial or nonjudicial sales, accept an assignment of any such collateral in lieu of foreclosure or otherwise act or fail to act with respect to any collateral securing all or a part of the Guaranteed Obligations, compromise or adjust any part of the Guaranteed Obligations, make any other accommodation with any Obligated Party or exercise any other right or remedy available to it against any Obligated Party, without affecting or impairing in any way the liability of such Guarantor under this Loan Guaranty, except to the extent the Guaranteed Obligations have been fully and indefeasibly paid in cash. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, each Guarantor waives any defense arising out of any such election even though that election may operate, pursuant to applicable law, to impair or extinguish any right of reimbursement or subrogation or other right or remedy of any Guarantor against any Obligated Party or any security. 
 Section 10.05. Rights of Subrogation. No Guarantor will assert any right, claim or cause of action, including, without limitation, a claim of subrogation, contribution or indemnification that it has against any Obligated Party, or any collateral, until the Loan Parties and the Guarantors have fully performed all their obligations to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders.
 Section 10.06. Reinstatement; Stay of Acceleration. If at any time any payment of any portion of the Guaranteed Obligations (including a payment effected through exercise of a right of setoff) is rescinded or must otherwise be restored or returned upon the insolvency, bankruptcy, or reorganization of the Borrower or otherwise (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by a Lender Party in its discretion), each Guarantor s obligations under this Loan Guaranty with respect to that payment shall be reinstated at such time as though the payment had not been made and whether or not the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders are in possession of this Loan Guaranty. If acceleration of the time for payment of any of the Guaranteed Obligations is stayed upon the insolvency, bankruptcy or reorganization of the Borrower, all such amounts otherwise subject to acceleration under the terms of any agreement relating to the Guaranteed Obligations shall nonetheless be payable by the Guarantors forthwith on demand by the Administrative Agent. 
 Section 10.07. Information. Each Guarantor assumes all responsibility for being and keeping itself informed of the Borrower s financial condition and assets, and of all other circumstances bearing upon the risk of nonpayment of the Guaranteed Obligations and the nature, scope and extent of the risks that each Guarantor assumes and incurs under this Loan Guaranty, and agrees that none of the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender shall have any duty to advise any Guarantor of information known to it regarding those circumstances or risks. 

 129 

Section 10.08. Termination. Each of the Lenders and the Issuing Bank may continue to make loans or extend credit to the Borrower based on this Loan Guaranty until five (5) days after it receives written notice of termination from any Guarantor. Notwithstanding receipt of any such notice, each Guarantor will continue to be liable to the Lenders for any Guaranteed Obligations created, assumed or committed to prior to the fifth day after receipt of the notice, and all subsequent renewals, extensions, modifications and amendments with respect to, or substitutions for, all or any part of such Guaranteed Obligations. Nothing in this Section 10.08 shall be deemed to constitute a waiver of, or eliminate, limit, reduce or otherwise impair any rights or remedies the Administrative Agent or any Lender may have in respect of, any Default or Event of Default that shall exist under clause (o) of Article VII hereof as a result of any such notice of termination. 
 Section 10.09. Taxes. Each payment of the Guaranteed Obligations will be made by each Guarantor without withholding for any Taxes, unless such withholding is required by law. If any Guarantor determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it is so required to withhold Taxes, then such Guarantor may so withhold and shall timely pay the full amount of withheld Taxes to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law. If such Taxes are Indemnified Taxes, then the amount payable by such Guarantor shall be increased as necessary so that, net of such withholding (including such withholding applicable to additional amounts payable under this Section), the Administrative Agent, Issuing Bank or Lender (as the case may be) receives the amount it would have received had no such withholding been made. 
 Section 10.10. Maximum Liability . Notwithstanding any other provision of this Loan Guaranty, the amount guaranteed by each Guarantor hereunder shall be limited to the extent, if any, required so that its obligations hereunder shall not be subject to avoidance under Section 548 of the Bankruptcy Code or under any applicable state Uniform Fraudulent Transfer Act, Uniform Fraudulent Conveyance Act or similar statute or common law. In determining the limitations, if any, on the amount of any Guarantor s obligations hereunder pursuant to the preceding sentence, it is the intention of the parties hereto that any rights of subrogation, indemnification or contribution which such Guarantor may have under this Loan Guaranty, any other agreement or applicable law shall be taken into account. 
 Section 10.11. Contribution. 
 (a) To the extent that any Guarantor shall make a payment under this Loan Guaranty (a Guarantor Payment which, taking into account all other Guarantor Payments then previously or concurrently made by any other Guarantor, exceeds the amount which otherwise would have been paid by or attributable to such Guarantor if each Guarantor had paid the aggregate Guaranteed Obligations satisfied by such Guarantor Payment in the same proportion as such Guarantor s Allocable Amount (as defined below) (as determined immediately prior to such Guarantor Payment) bore to the aggregate Allocable Amounts of each of the Guarantors as determined immediately prior to the making of such Guarantor Payment, then, following indefeasible payment in full in cash of the Guarantor Payment and the Guaranteed Obligations (other than Unliquidated Obligations that have not yet arisen), and the Commitment and all Letters of Credit have terminated or expired or, in the case of all Letters of Credit, are fully collateralized on terms reasonably acceptable to the Lender, and this Agreement, the Swap Agreement Obligations and the Banking Services Obligations have terminated, such Guarantor shall be entitled to receive contribution and indemnification payments from, and be reimbursed by, each other Guarantor for the amount of such excess, pro rata based upon their respective Allocable Amounts in effect immediately prior to such Guarantor Payment.

 130 

(b) As of any date of determination, the Allocable Amount of any Guarantor shall be equal to the excess of the fair saleable value of the property of such Guarantor over the total liabilities of such Guarantor (including the maximum amount reasonably expected to become due in respect of contingent liabilities, calculated, without duplication, assuming each other Guarantor that is also liable for such contingent liability pays its ratable share thereof), giving effect to all payments made by other Guarantors as of such date in a manner to maximize the amount of such contributions.
 (c) This Section 10.11 is intended only to define the relative rights of the Guarantors, and nothing set forth in this Section 10.11 is intended to or shall impair the obligations of the Guarantors, jointly and severally, to pay any amounts as and when the same shall become due and payable in accordance with the terms of this Loan Guaranty.
 (d) The parties hereto acknowledge that the rights of contribution and indemnification hereunder shall constitute assets of the Guarantor or Guarantors to which such contribution and indemnification is owing.
 (e) The rights of the indemnifying Guarantors against other Guarantors under this Section 10.11 shall be exercisable upon the full and indefeasible payment of the Guaranteed Obligations in cash (other than Unliquidated Obligations that have not yet arisen) and the termination or expiry (or, in the case of all Letters of Credit, full cash collateralization), on terms reasonably acceptable to the Lender, of the Commitment and all Letters of Credit issued hereunder and the termination of this Agreement, the Swap Agreement Obligations and the Banking Services Obligations.
 Section 10.12. Liability Cumulative. The liability of each Loan Party as a Guarantor under this Article 10 is in addition to and shall be cumulative with all liabilities of each Loan Party to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which such Loan Party is a party or in respect of any obligations or liabilities of the other Loan Parties, without any limitation as to amount, unless the instrument or agreement evidencing or creating such other liability specifically provides to the contrary. 
 Section 10.13. Keepwell. Each Qualified ECP Guarantor hereby jointly and severally absolutely, unconditionally and irrevocably undertakes to provide such funds or other support as may be needed from time to time by each other Loan Party to honor all of its obligations under this Guarantee in respect of a Swap Obligation (provided, however, that each Qualified ECP Guarantor shall only be liable under this Section 10.13 for the maximum amount of such liability that can be hereby incurred without rendering its obligations under this Section 10.13 or otherwise under this Loan Guaranty voidable under applicable law relating to fraudulent conveyance or fraudulent transfer, and not for any greater amount). Except as otherwise provided herein, the obligations of each Qualified ECP Guarantor under this Section shall remain in full force and effect until the termination of all Swap Obligations. Each Qualified ECP Guarantor intends that this Section 10.13 constitute, and this Section 10.13 shall be deemed to constitute, a keepwell, support, or other agreement for the benefit of each other Loan Party for all purposes of Section 1a(18)(A)(v)(II) of the Commodity Exchange Act.
 Section 10.14. Release of Loan Guarantors . 
 (a) To the extent that upon the consummation of any transaction permitted by this Agreement as a result of which such Subsidiary that is a Guarantor ceases to be a Subsidiary, the 

 131 

Administrative Agent is authorized by the Lender Parties to release the Loan Guaranty provided by such Subsidiary; provided that, if so required by this Agreement, the Required Lenders shall have consented to such transaction and the terms of such consent shall not have provided otherwise. In connection with any termination or release pursuant to this Section, the Administrative Agent shall (and is hereby irrevocably authorized by each Lender to) execute and deliver to any Loan Party, at such Loan Party s expense, all documents that such Loan Party shall reasonably request to evidence such termination or release. Any execution and delivery of documents pursuant to this Section shall be without recourse to or warranty by the Administrative Agent. 
 (b) Upon full and indefeasible payment in full of all Obligations, the Loan Guaranty and all obligations (other than those expressly stated to survive such termination) of each Loan Guarantor thereunder shall automatically terminate, all without delivery of any instrument or performance of any act by any Person.
 Section 10.15. Subrogation and Subordination . Upon payment by any Guarantor of any Guaranteed Obligations, all rights of such Guarantor against the Borrower or any other Guarantor arising as a result thereof by way of right of subrogation, contribution, reimbursement, indemnity or otherwise shall in all respects be subordinate and junior in right of payment to the payments that must be made in order for the Guaranteed Obligations to be fully and indefeasibly paid in cash. If any amount shall be paid to the Borrower or any other Guarantor in violation of the foregoing restrictions on account of (i) such subrogation, contribution, reimbursement, indemnity or similar right or (ii) any such indebtedness of the Borrower or any other Guarantor, such amount shall be held in trust for the benefit of the Guaranteed Parties and shall forthwith be paid to the Administrative Agent to be credited against the payment of the Guaranteed Obligations, whether matured or unmatured, in accordance with the terms of the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 
 132 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed and delivered by their respective authorized officers as of the day and year first above written. AXON ENTERPRISE, INC. By: /s/ Brittany Bagley Name: Brittany Bagley Title: Chief Financial Officer Chief Business Officer 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., individually and as Administrative Agent, By: /s/ Rebecca A. Ogden Name: Rebecca A. Ogden Title: Authorized Signer 
 JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as a Lender, By: /s/ Rebecca A. Ogden Name: Rebecca A. Ogden Title: Authorized Signer 
 GOLDMAN SACHS LENDING PARTNERS LLC, as a Lender, By: /s/ Rebecca Kratz Name: Rebecca Kratz Title: Authorized Signatory MORGAN STANLEY BANK, N.A., as a Lender, By: /s/ Michael King Name: Michael King Title: Authorized Signatory 
 MUFG BANK, LTD., as a Lender, By: /s/ Spencer Hughes Name: Spencer Hughes Title: Managing Director 
 CITIBANK, N.A., as a Lender, By: /s/ Andres Romagosa Name: Andres Romagosa Title: Senior Vice President 

SCHEDULE 2.01(A) Commitments Omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K 
 135 

SCHEDULE 2.01(B) Swingline Commitments Omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K 

SCHEDULE 2.01(C) Letter of Credit Commitments Omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K 

SCHEDULE 2.06 Existing Letters of Credit Omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K 

SCHEDULE 3.06 Disclosed Matters Omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K 

SCHEDULE 3.17 Insurance Omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K 

SCHEDULE 3.19 Subsidiaries Omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K 

SCHEDULE 6.01 Existing Indebtedness Omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K 

SCHEDULE 6.02 Existing Liens Omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K 

SCHEDULE 6.11 Existing Restrictions Omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K 

Exhibit a ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION Omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K 

EXHIBIT B [FORM OF] BORROWING REQUEST Omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K 

EXHIBIT C [FORM OF] INTEREST ELECTION REQUEST Omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K 

EXHIBIT D JOINDER AGREEMENT Omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K 

EXHIBIT E-1 Omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K 

EXHIBIT E-2 Omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K 

EXHIBIT E-3 [FORM OF] U.S. TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE Omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K 

EXHIBIT E-4 [FORM OF] U.S. TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE Omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K 

EXHIBIT F [FORM OF] COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE Omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K 

</EX-10.24>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 axon-20221231xex21d1.htm
 EX-21.1

EXHIBIT 21.1 List of Subsidiaries 

Jurisdiction of Incorporation 

 Axon Public Safety B.V. 

The Netherlands 

Pursuant to Item 601(b)(21)(ii) of Regulation S-K, the names of other subsidiaries of Axon Enterprise, Inc. are omitted because, considered in the aggregate, they would not constitute a significant subsidiary as of the end of the year covered by this report. 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 axon-20221231xex23d1.htm
 EX-23.1

EXHIBIT 23.1 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM We have issued our reports dated February 28, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements and internal control over financial reporting included in the Annual Report of Axon Enterprise, Inc. on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. We consent to the incorporation by reference of said reports in the Registration Statements of Axon Enterprise, Inc. on Form S-3 (File No. 333-255380) and on Forms S-8 (File Nos. 333-212069, 333-190442, 333-125455, 333-225660, 333-225661, 333-230549, 333-233904, 333-266203, and 333-267581). /s/ GRANT THORNTON LLP Phoenix, Arizona February 28, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 axon-20221231xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of Chief Executive Officer I, Patrick W. Smith, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Axon Enterprise, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 28, 2023 By: /s/ PATRICK W. SMITH Patrick W. Smith Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 axon-20221231xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of Principal Accounting Officer I, Brittany Bagley, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Axon Enterprise, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 28, 2023 By: /s/ BRITTANY BAGLEY Brittany Bagley Chief Financial Officer and Chief Business Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 7
 axon-20221231xex32.htm
 EX-32

EXHIBIT 32 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Axon Enterprise, Inc. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Patrick W. Smith, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ PATRICK W. SMITH Patrick W. Smith Chief Executive Officer February 28, 2023 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Axon Enterprise, Inc. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Brittany Bagley, Principal Financial Officer of the Company, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ BRITTANY BAGLEY Brittany Bagley Chief Financial Officer and Chief Business Officer (Principal Financial Officer) February 28, 2023 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 axon-20221231.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 axon-20221231_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 axon-20221231_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 axon-20221231_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

