<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230317_10-K_edgar_data_1913577_0001575872-23-000375.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6542533</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>279581</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>813140</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3348539</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>979103</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>945487</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001575872-23-000375.hdr.sgml : 20230317
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230317160602
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001575872-23-000375
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		46
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230317
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230317

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Denali Capital Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001913577
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41351
		FILM NUMBER:		23742549

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		437 MADISON AVENUE
		STREET 2:		27TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6469785180

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		437 MADISON AVENUE
		STREET 2:		27TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001575872-23-000375.txt : 20230317

10-K
 1
 deca-20221231.htm
 FORM 10-K

Denali Capital Acquisition Corp 

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 

(Mark One)

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the fiscal year ended 

or

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from ____ to ____.

Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation 

or organization)

(I.R.S. Employer Identification Number)

, 

, 

(Address of principal executive offices)

(Zip Code)

) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class

Trading

symbol(s)

Name of each exchange on which registered

Securities registered

pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None

Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.

Yes 

x

Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.

Yes 

x

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.

x
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files).

x
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

Large accelerated filer

Accelerated filer

x

Smaller reporting company

Emerging growth company

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the Registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements.

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b).

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act).

Yes 
 
 No 

The aggregate market value of the ordinary shares held by non-affiliates of the registrant, computed as of June 30, 2022 (the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter) was . 
The registrant s units commenced public trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC on April 7, 2022, and its Class A ordinary shares and warrants commenced separate public trading on the 

 Nasdaq Stock Market LLC 
 on May 31, 2022.

As of 
 March
 17
 , 2023, 
there were Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares of the registrant issued and outstanding.

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking S t atements 

1 

Item 1. 

Business. 

2 

Item 1A. 

Risk Factors. 

10 

Item 1B. 

Unresolved Staff Comments. 

49 

Item 2. 

Properties. 

49 

Item 3. 

Legal Proceedings. 

49 

Item 4. 

Mine Safety Disclosures. 

49 

Item 5. 

Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

49 

Item 6. 

[Reserved] 

50 

Item 7. 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

5 1 

Item 7A. 

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 

5 6 

Item 8. 

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

5 6 

Item 9. 

Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

5 6 

Item 9A. 

Controls and Procedures. 

5 6 

Item 9B. 

Other Information. 

5 7 

Item 9C. 

Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 

5 7 

Item 10. 

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

5 7 

Item 11. 

Executive Compensation. 

60 

Item 12. 

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

6 1 

Item 13. 

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

6 2 

Item 14. 

Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 

6 4 

Item 15. 

Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules. 

6 4 

Item 16. 

Form 10-K Summary. 

6 5 

C AUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

This report, including, without limitation, statements under the heading Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our management team s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future, including with respect to our recently announced proposed business combination with Longevity (as defined below). In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, intends, may, might, plan, possible, potential, predict, project, should, would and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements in this report may include, for example, statements about:

our ability to select an appropriate target business or businesses;

our ability to complete our initial business combination, including our recently announced proposed business combination with Longevity Biomedical, Inc. Longevity ;

our expectations around the performance of the prospective target business or businesses;

our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination;

our officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination;

our potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination;

our pool of prospective target businesses;

our ability to consummate an initial business combination due to the uncertainty resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic, the ongoing 

 military action with the country of Ukraine commenced by the Russian Federation and Belarus in February 2022, adverse changes in general economic industry and competitive conditions, or adverse changes in government regulation or prevailing market interest rates;

the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential business combination opportunities;

our public securities potential liquidity and trading;

the lack of a market for our securities;

the use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance;

the trust account not being subject to claims of third parties; or

our financial performance following our initial public offering.

The forward-looking statements contained in this report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described under the heading Risk Factors, elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), including in our preliminary prospectus/proxy statement to be included in a Registration Statement on Form S-4 that we will file with the SEC relating to our proposed business combination with Longevity (the Longevity Disclosure Statement ). Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws.

1 

PART I

References in this report to we, our, us, Denali or the Company refer to Denali Capital Acquisition Corp. References to our management or our management team refer to our officers and directors, and references to the sponsor refer to Denali Capital Global Investments LLC. References to founder shares are to shares of our Class B ordinary shares initially purchased by our sponsor in a private placement prior to our initial public offering, and the shares of our Class A ordinary shares issued upon the conversion thereof as provided herein, and references to initial shareholders are to holders of our founder shares prior to our initial public offering.

I tem 1. Business.

General

We are a blank check company incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted company for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses, which we refer to throughout this report as our initial business combination. We have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenue to date. Based on our business activities, we are a shell company as defined under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act because we have no operations and nominal assets consisting almost entirely of cash. On April 11, 2022, we consummated our initial public offering (the IPO of 8,250,000 units, which included 750,000 units issued pursuant to the partial exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment option (the Units ), each Unit consisting of one Class A ordinary share of the Company, par value 0.0001 per share (the public shares and one redeemable warrant (each, a Public Warrant ), each whole Public Warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one Class A ordinary share for 11.50 per share. The Units were sold at a price of 10.00 per Unit, and the IPO generated gross proceeds of 82,500,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, we consummated a private placement (the Private Placement with our sponsor, of an aggregate of 510,000 units (the Private Placement Units (including 30,000 Private Placement Units purchased pursuant to the partial exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment option) at a price of 10.00 per Private Placement Unit, generating gross proceeds of 5,100,000. Each Private Placement Unit consists of one Class A ordinary share (the Private Placement Shares and one warrant. The terms and provisions of the warrants in the Private Placement Units (the Private Placement Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants, except that, subject to certain limited exceptions, they are subject to transfer restrictions until 30 days following the consummation of an initial business combination. On April 11, 2022, a total of 84,150,000 of the net proceeds from the IPO and the Private Placement was deposited in a trust account (the Trust Account established for the benefit of the Company s public shareholders at a U.S. based trust account, with Wilmington Trust, National Association, acting as trustee.

Except with respect to interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account that may be released to to pay our tax obligations (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), the funds held in the Trust Account will not be released from the Trust Account until the earliest of (i) the completion of an initial business combination, (ii) the redemption of any of our public shares properly submitted in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (a) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide for the redemption of our public shares in connection with any proposed initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete an initial business combination by April 11, 2023, or by October 11, 2023 if the period of time to consummate a business combination is extended (such period, the Completion Window (such shareholder vote, a Shareholder Extension Vote or (b) with respect to any other material provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity and (iii) the redemption of our public shares if we are unable to complete our initial business combination within the Completion Window, subject to applicable law.

We are focused on identifying unique business concepts with high-performing organizations that have both aspirations to accelerate growth and create enduring value within the technology, hospitality or consumer services sector. While we will not be limited to a particular industry or geographic region in our identification and acquisition of a target company, we intend to focus on technology, consumer and hospitality and will not complete our initial business combination with a target that is headquartered in China (including Hong Kong and Macau) or conducts a majority of its business in China (including Hong Kong and Macau).

2 

Business Strategy and Competitive Strengths

Our business strategy is to identify and complete our initial business combination with a company within the technology, hospitality or consumer services sector. Our selection process will leverage our team s broad and deep relationship network, unique industry experiences and strong deal sourcing capabilities to access a broad spectrum of differentiated opportunities. This network has been developed through our team s extensive experience and demonstrated success in both investing in and operating businesses in our target sectors and across a variety of industries.

Our team will communicate with their networks of relationships to articulate the parameters for our search for a target company and a potential business combination and begin the process of pursuing and reviewing potential opportunities. 

We believe that our management team is well positioned to identify attractive business combination opportunities with a compelling industry backdrop and an opportunity for transformational growth. Our team s objectives are to generate attractive returns for shareholders and enhance value through improving operational performance of the acquired company. We expect to favor opportunities with certain industry and business characteristics. Key industry characteristics include compelling long-term growth, attractive competitive dynamics, consolidation opportunities and low risk of technological obsolescence. Key business characteristics include high barriers to entry, significant streams of recurring revenue, opportunity for operational improvement, attractive steady-state margins, high incremental margins and attractive free cash flow characteristics.

Business Combination Criteria

Consistent with our business strategy, we have identified the following general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses. We will use these criteria and guidelines in evaluating acquisition opportunities, but we may decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target business that does not meet some or all of these criteria and guidelines, which are not meant to be exhaustive. However, we intend to seek to acquire businesses that we believe:

are fundamentally sound but are underperforming their potential;

exhibit unrecognized value or other characteristics that we believe have been misevaluated by the marketplace;

are at an inflection point where we believe we can drive improved financial performance;

offer opportunities to enhance financial performance through organic initiatives and/or inorganic growth opportunities that we identify in our analysis and due diligence;

can benefit from our founders knowledge of the target sectors, proven collection of operational strategies and tools, and past experiences in profitability and rapidly scaling businesses;

are valued attractively relative to their existing cash flows and potential for operational improvement; and

offer an attractive potential return for our shareholders, weighing potential growth opportunities and operational improvements in the target business against any identified downside risks.

These criteria and guidelines are not intended to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination may be based, to the extent relevant, on these general criteria and guidelines as well as other considerations, factors and criteria that our management may deem relevant. However, we will not complete our initial business combination with a target that is headquartered in China (including Hong Kong and Macau) or conducts a majority of its business in China (including Hong Kong and Macau). In the event that we decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target business that does not meet the above criteria and guidelines, we will disclose that the target business does not meet the above criteria and guidelines in our shareholder communications related to our initial business combination, which would be in the form of proxy solicitation materials or tender offer documents that we would file with the SEC.

3 

Initial Business Combination

Nasdaq rules require that we must complete one or more business combinations with a total aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the value of the assets held in the Trust Account (excluding any deferred underwriters fees and taxes payable on the interest income earned on the Trust Account) at the time of our signing of a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. We refer to this as the 80 of net assets test. If our board of directors determines that it is not able to independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or an independent valuation or appraisal firm, with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. In addition, pursuant to Nasdaq rules, any initial business combination must be approved by a majority of our independent directors.

We will have until April 11, 2023, 12 months after the closing of the IPO (or up to 18 months as described below), to consummate an initial business combination. However, if we anticipate that we may not be able to consummate our initial business combination within 12 months, we will, by resolution of our board if requested by our sponsor, extend the period of time to consummate a business combination by up to two times, each time by an additional three months (up to October 11, 2023 to complete a business combination), subject to the sponsor depositing additional funds into the Trust Account as set out below. In connection with any such extension, public shareholders will not be offered the opportunity to vote on or redeem their shares. Pursuant to the terms of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and the trust agreement, in order to extend the time available for us to consummate our initial business combination for an additional three months, our sponsor or its affiliates or designees must deposit into the Trust Account 825,000 0.10 per public share) on or prior to the date of the applicable deadline, for each three month extension (up to an aggregate of 1,650,000, or 0.20 per public share, if we extend the period in full). We will issue a press release announcing each extension at least three days prior to the deadline. In addition, we will issue a press release the day after the deadline, announcing whether the funds have been timely deposited. Our sponsor and its affiliates or designees are obligated to fund the Trust Account in order to extend the time for us to complete our initial business combination, but our sponsor will not be obligated to extend such time. In addition to the foregoing arrangements, we may extend the period of time to consummate a business combination by a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association.

We anticipate structuring our initial business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public shareholders own shares will own or acquire 100 of the outstanding equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial business combination such that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or shareholders or for other reasons, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target business sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or the Investment Company Act.

Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our shareholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our issued and outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100 of the outstanding equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80 of net assets test. If our initial business combination involves more than one target business, the 80 of net assets test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the target businesses. In addition, we have agreed not to enter into a definitive agreement regarding an initial business combination without the prior consent of our sponsor. If our securities are not then listed on Nasdaq for whatever reason, we would no longer be required to meet the foregoing 80 of net asset test. 

4 

We may, at our option, pursue a business combination opportunity jointly with one or more entities affiliated with US Tiger Securities, Inc., a New Jersey corporation, a representative of the underwriters in the IPO US Tiger ). US Tiger and/or one or more investors in funds or separate accounts managed by or affiliated with US Tiger, which we refer to as an Affiliated Joint Transaction. Any such parties would co-invest only if (i) permitted by applicable regulatory and other legal limitations (ii) we and US Tiger considered a transaction to be mutually beneficial to us as well as the affiliated entity and (iii) other business reasons exist to do so, such as the strategic merits of including such co-investors, the need for additional capital beyond the amount held in our Trust Account to fund the initial business combination and/or the desire to obtain committed capital for closing the initial business combination. An Affiliated Joint Transaction may be effected through a co-investment with us in the target business at the time of our initial business combination, or we could raise additional proceeds to complete the initial business combination by issuing to such parties a class of equity or equity-linked securities. We refer to this potential future issuance, or a similar issuance to other specified purchasers, as a specified future issuance throughout. The amount and other terms and conditions of any such specified future issuance would be determined at the time thereof. We are not obligated to make any specified future issuance and may determine not to do so. This is not an offer for any specified future issuance. Pursuant to the anti-dilution provisions of our Class B ordinary shares, any such specified future issuance would result in an adjustment to the conversion ratio such that our initial shareholders and their permitted transferees, if any, would retain their aggregate percentage ownership of founder shares at 20 of the sum of the total number of all ordinary shares issued and outstanding upon completion of the IPO plus all shares issued in the specified future issuance, unless the holders of a majority of the then-issued and outstanding Class B ordinary shares agreed to waive such adjustment with respect to the specified future issuance at the time thereof. We cannot determine at this time whether a majority of the holders of our Class B ordinary shares at the time of any such specified future issuance would agree to waive such adjustment to the conversion ratio. They may waive such adjustment due to (but not limited to) the following: (i) closing conditions which are part of the agreement for our initial business combination (ii) negotiation with Class A shareholders on structuring an initial business combination (iii) negotiation with parties providing financing which would trigger the anti-dilution provisions of the Class B ordinary shares or (iv) as part of the Affiliated Joint Transaction. If such adjustment is not waived, the specified future issuance would not reduce the percentage ownership of holders of our Class B ordinary shares, but would reduce the percentage ownership of holders of our Class A ordinary shares. If such adjustment is waived, the specified future issuance would reduce the percentage ownership of holders of both classes of our ordinary shares.

To the extent we effect our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in such company or business. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant risk factors.

The time required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs associated with this process, are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of a prospective target business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination.

Acquisition Process

In evaluating a prospective target business, we expect to conduct a thorough due diligence review which will encompass, among other things, meetings with incumbent management, document reviews, inspection of facilities, as well as a review of financial, operational, legal and other information which will be made available to us. We will also utilize our management team s expertise in analyzing and evaluating operating plans, financial projections and determining the appropriate return expectations given the risk profile of the target business as well as the suitability of the target to become a public company. 

Members of our management team and board of directors may, directly or indirectly, own founder shares and/or Private Placement Units and, accordingly, may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. In particular, because the founder shares were purchased at approximately 0.012 per share, the holders of our founder shares (including our management team that directly or indirectly own founder shares) could make a substantial profit after our initial business combination even if our public shareholders lose money on their investment as a result of a decrease in the post-combination value of their ordinary shares (after accounting for any adjustments in connection with an exchange or other transaction contemplated by the business combination). Further, such officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination.

5 

We may, at our option, pursue an Affiliated Joint Transaction opportunity with an entity to which US Tiger, investment funds advised by US Tiger or an officer or director has a fiduciary or contractual obligation. Any such entity may co-invest with us in the target business at the time of our initial business combination, or we could raise additional proceeds to complete the initial business combination by making a specified future issuance to any such entity. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue, and to the extent the director or officer is permitted to refer that opportunity to us without violating another legal obligation.

Proposed Longevity Business Combination

On January 25, 2023, we entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement ), by and among Longevity Biomedical, Inc., a Delaware corporation Longevity ), Denali SPAC Holdco, Inc., a Delaware corporation and direct, wholly owned subsidiary of Denali New PubCo ), Denali SPAC Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and direct, wholly owned subsidiary of New PubCo Denali Merger Sub ), Longevity Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and direct, wholly owned subsidiary of New PubCo Longevity Merger Sub ), and Bradford A. Zakes, solely in the capacity as seller representative.

Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, the parties thereto will enter into a business combination transaction (the Longevity Business Combination and together with the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, the Transactions ), pursuant to which, among other things, immediately following the consummation of the acquisitions by Longevity of each of Cerevast Medical, Inc., Aegeria Soft Tissue LLC, and Novokera LLC, (i) Denali Merger Sub will merge with and into Denali (the Denali Merger ), with Denali as the surviving entity of the Denali Merger, and (ii) Longevity Merger Sub will merge with and into Longevity (the Longevity Merger ), with Longevity as the surviving company of the Longevity Merger. Following the Mergers, each of Longevity and Denali will be a subsidiary of New PubCo, and New PubCo will become a publicly traded company. At the closing of the Transactions (the Closing ), New PubCo will change its name to Longevity Biomedical, Inc., and its common stock is expected to list on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the ticker symbol LBIO. 

The consummation of the proposed Longevity Business Combination is subject to certain conditions as further described in the Merger Agreement. 

For more information about the Merger Agreement and the proposed Longevity Business Combination, see our Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed with the SEC on January 26, 2023 and the Longevity Disclosure Statement that we will file with the SEC. Unless specifically stated, this Annual Report on Form 10-K does not give effect to the proposed Transactions and does not contain the risks associated with the proposed Transactions. Such risks and effects relating to the proposed Transactions will be included in a Registration Statement on Form S-4 that we will file with the SEC relating to our proposed business combination with Longevity.

Redemption Rights for Public Shareholders upon Completion of Our Initial Business Combination

We will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Class A ordinary shares upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our franchise and income taxes, if any, divided by the number of then-issued and outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the Trust Account is initially anticipated to be 10.20 per public share. The per share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriters. The redemption rights will include the requirement that a beneficial owner must identify itself in order to validly redeem its shares. There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of our initial business combination with respect to our warrants. Further, we will not proceed with redeeming our public shares, even if a public shareholder has properly elected to redeem its shares, if a business combination does not close. Our sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares held by them in connection with (i) the completion of our initial business combination and (ii) a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by April 11, 2023 (or by October 11, 2023, if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination, or as may be extended by a Shareholder Extension Vote, as applicable) or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares. 

6 

Manner of Conducting Redemptions

We will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Class A ordinary shares upon the completion of our initial business combination either (i) in connection with a general meeting called to approve the business combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would require us to seek shareholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement or whether we were deemed to be a foreign private issuer (which would require a tender offer rather than seeking shareholder approval under SEC rules). Asset acquisitions and share purchases would not typically require shareholder approval while direct mergers with our company and any transactions where we issue more than 20 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares or seek to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association would typically require shareholder approval. We currently intend to conduct redemptions in connection with a shareholder vote unless shareholder approval is not required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement or we choose to conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC for business or other reasons. So long as we obtain and maintain a listing for our securities on Nasdaq, we will be required to comply with Nasdaq rules. If we held a shareholder vote to approve our initial business combination, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association:

conduct the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules; and

file proxy materials with the SEC.

Submission of Our Initial Business Combination to a Stockholder Vote

In the event that we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection therewith, provide our public shareholders with the redemption rights described above upon completion of the initial business combination.

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, we will complete our initial business combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company. In such case, our sponsor and each member of our management team have agreed to vote their founder shares and public shares in favor of our initial business combination. As a result, assuming our sponsor and each member of our management team continue to own the shares they currently own, we would not need any additional shares to be voted in favor of a transaction, in order to have such initial business combination approved. Each public shareholder may elect to redeem their public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction or vote at all. In addition, our sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares held by them in connection with (i) the completion of a business combination and (ii) a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by April 11, 2023 (or by October 11, 2023, if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination, or as may be extended by a Shareholder Extension Vote, as applicable) or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares.

7 

Limitation on Redemption upon Completion of our Initial Business Combination if We Seek Stockholder Approval

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in the IPO, which we refer to as Excess Shares, without our prior consent. We believe this restriction will discourage shareholders from accumulating large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts by such holders to use their ability to exercise their redemption rights against a proposed business combination as a means to force us or our management to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. Absent this provision, a public shareholder holding more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in the IPO could threaten to exercise its redemption rights if such holder s shares are not purchased by us, our sponsor or our management at a premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our shareholders ability to redeem no more than 15 of the shares sold in the IPO without our prior consent, we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of shareholders to unreasonably attempt to block our ability to complete our initial business combination, particularly in connection with a business combination with a target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. 

However, we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination.

Redemption of Public Shares and Liquidation if No Initial Business Combination

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that we will have by April 11, 2023 (or by October 11, 2023, if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination, or as may be extended by a Shareholder Extension Vote, as applicable) to consummate an initial business combination. If we have not consummated an initial business combination within such prescribed time period, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our franchise and income taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of the then issued and outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any) and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to consummate an initial business combination within the prescribed time period. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, if we wind up for any other reason prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, we will follow the foregoing procedures with respect to the liquidation of the Trust Account as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, subject to applicable Cayman Islands law. 

Corporate Information

Our executive offices are located at 437 Madison Avenue, 27th Floor, New York, New York 10022, and our telephone number is 646-978-5180. We are required to file Annual Reports on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q with the SEC on a regular basis, and are required to disclose certain material events in Current Reports on Form 8-K. The SEC maintains an Internet website that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. The SEC s Internet website is located at http://www.sec.gov. In addition, we will provide copies of these documents without charge upon request from us by telephone at 646-978-5180.

8 

Status as a Public Company

We believe our structure will make us an attractive business combination partner to target businesses. As an existing public company, we offer a target business an alternative to a traditional initial public offering through a merger or other business combination with us. In a business combination transaction with us, the owners of the target business may, for example, exchange their shares of stock in the target business for our Class A ordinary shares (or shares of a new holding company) or for a combination of our Class A ordinary shares and cash, allowing us to tailor the consideration to the specific needs of the sellers. We believe target businesses will find this method a more expeditious and cost effective method to becoming a public company than a typical initial public offering. The typical initial public offering process takes a significantly longer period of time than the typical business combination transaction process, and there are significant expenses in the initial public offering process, including underwriting discounts and commissions, that may not be present to the same extent in connection with a business combination with us.

Furthermore, once a proposed business combination is completed, the target business will have effectively become public, whereas an initial public offering is always subject to the underwriter s ability to complete the offering, as well as general market conditions, which could delay or prevent the offering from occurring or have negative valuation consequences. Once public, we believe the target business would then have greater access to capital, an additional means of providing management incentives consistent with shareholders interests and the ability to use its shares as currency for acquisitions. Being a public company can offer further benefits by augmenting a company s profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting talented employees.

While we believe that our structure and our management team s backgrounds will make us an attractive business partner, some potential target businesses may view our status as a special purpose acquisition company, including our lack of an operating history and our potential need to seek shareholder approval of a proposed initial business combination, negatively.

We are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, (the Securities Act and as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act ). As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile.

In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period.

We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of the IPO, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.235 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our ordinary shares that are held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period.

9 

Competition

In identifying, evaluating and selecting a target business for our initial business combination, we have encountered, and expect to continue to encounter, intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including other blank check companies, private equity groups, leveraged buyout funds, public companies and operating businesses seeking strategic acquisitions. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors possess greater financial, technical, human and other resources than us. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of a target business. Furthermore, our obligation to pay cash in connection with our public shareholders who exercise their redemption rights may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination and potential future dilutions that our outstanding warrants represent, which may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating an initial business combination. 

Facilities

We currently maintain our executive offices at 437 Madison Avenue, 27th Floor, New York, New York 10022. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations.

Employees

We currently have one executive officer. This individual is not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but he intends to devote as much of his time as he deems necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time he will devote in any time period will vary based on the status of the proposed Transactions and, if the proposed Transactions are not consummated, whether a target business has been selected for our initial business combination and the stage of the business combination process we are in. We do not intend to have any full time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. 

I tem 1A. Risk Factors

 .

As a smaller reporting company, we are not required to include risk factors in this Report. However, below is a partial list of material risks, uncertainties and other factors that could have a material effect on us and our operations:

We are a recently incorporated blank check company incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted company with no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective.

Our independent registered public accounting firm s report contains an explanatory paragraph that expresses substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

Our public shareholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed business combination, which means we may complete our initial business combination even though a majority of our public shareholders do not support such a combination.

10 

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our initial shareholders have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination, regardless of how our public shareholders vote.

Your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination will be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash, unless we seek shareholder approval of the business combination.

The ability of our public shareholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter into a business combination with a target.

The ability of our shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure.

The ability of our shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your shares.

The requirement that we complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a business combination and may decrease our ability to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our business combination on terms that would produce value for our shareholders. 

We may not be able to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate, in which case our public shareholders may only receive 10.
 30

 per share
 (or 10.40 per share if we extend the period to consummate the business combination subject to our sponsor depositing additional funds into the trust account),

 or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless.

If the net proceeds of the IPO and the sale of the Private Placement Units not being held in the Trust Account are insufficient to allow us to operate until April 11, 2023 (or by October 11, 2023, as applicable), it could limit the amount available to fund our search for a target business or businesses and our ability to complete our initial business combination, and we will depend on loans from our sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team to fund our search and to complete our initial business combination.

As the number of special purpose acquisition companies evaluating targets increases, attractive targets may become scarcer and there may be more competition for attractive targets. This could increase the cost of our initial business combination and could even result in our inability to find a target or to consummate an initial business combination.

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors and their affiliates may elect to purchase shares from public shareholders, which may influence a vote on a proposed business combination and reduce the public float of our Class A ordinary shares or Public Warrants
 .

If a public shareholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our business combination, or fails to comply with the procedures for tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed.

Nasdaq may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions.

11 

Our shareholders will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies.

We may not have sufficient funds to satisfy indemnification claims of our directors and executive officers.

You will not have any rights or interests in funds from the Trust Account, except under certain limited circumstances. To liquidate your investment, therefore, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss.

We may be a passive foreign investment company, or PFIC, which could result in adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences to U.S. investors.

We may reincorporate in another jurisdiction in connection with our initial business combination and such reincorporation may result in taxes imposed on shareholders.

We are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting 

company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure requirements available to emerging growth companies or smaller reporting companies, this could make our securities less attractive to inves

tors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies.

The current economic downturn may lead to increased difficulty in completing our business combination.

Recent volatility in capital markets may affect our ability to obtain financing for our business combination through sales of our ordinary shares or issuance of indebtedness. 

Military conflict in Ukraine or elsewhere may lead to increased price volatility for public traded securities, which could make it difficult for us to consummate the business combination. 

For the complete list of risks relating to our operations, see the section titled Risk Factors contained in our registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 263123) filed in connection with our IPO and our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarterly periods ended March 31, 2022, June 30, 2022 and September 30, 2022, as filed with the SEC on May 23, 2022, August 12, 2022 and November 16, 2022, respectively.

I tem 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments.

None.

I tem 2. Properties.

We do not own or lease any real estate or other physical properties materially important to our operation. We currently maintain our executive offices at 437 Madison Avenue, 27th Floor, New York, New York 10022. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations.

I tem 3. Legal Proceedings.

To the knowledge of our management, there is no material litigation, arbitration or governmental proceeding currently pending against us, any of our officers or directors in their capacity as such or against any of our property.

I tem 4. Mine Safety Disclosures.

Not applicable.

PART II

I tem 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.

Market Information

Our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants are each traded on The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC under the symbols DECAU, DECA and DECAW, respectively. Our units commenced public trading on April 7, 2022, and our Class A ordinary shares and warrants commenced separate public trading on May 31, 2022.

Holders

On December 31, 2022, there were 2 holders of record of our units, 1 holder of record of our Class A ordinary shares, 1 holder of record of our warrants, and 6 holders of record of our founder shares.

49 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans

None.

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities

In February 2022, we issued an aggregate of 2,156,250 founder shares to our sponsor in exchange for a payment of 25,000 from our sponsor to cover for certain expenses on behalf of us, or approximately 0.012 per share. The sponsor later transferred 20,000 founder shares to our Chief Financial Officer and 110,000 founder shares to certain members of our board of directors and forfeited 93,750 founder shares pursuant to the underwriters partially exercising their over-allotment option. The sale of the founder shares was made pursuant to an exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act.

As described above under the heading Business General in Part I of this report, on April 11, 2022, we consummated the Private Placement, with our sponsor and the underwriters, of an aggregate of 510,000 Private Placement Units (including over-allotment of 30,000 units) at a purchase price of 10.00 per Private Placement Unit, to the sponsor, generating gross proceeds of 5,100,000. The private placement warrants in the Private Placement Units are substantially similar to the Public Warrants, except that if held by the sponsor or its permitted transferees, they may be exercised for cash or on a cashless basis and subject to certain limited exceptions, will be subject to transfer restrictions until 30 days following the consummation of an initial business combination. If the Private Placement Warrants are held by holders other than the sponsor or its permitted transferees, the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by us under all redemption scenarios and exercisable by holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants. The Private Placement Warrants have been issued pursuant to, and are governed by the Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement. The issuances of the Private Placement Warrants were made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. The sale of the Private Placement Warrants was made pursuant to an exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act.

Use of Proceeds from the Initial Public Offering

On April 11, 2022, we consummated our IPO of 8,250,000 Units, which included 750,000 Units issued pursuant to the partial exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment option. The Units were sold at a price of 10.00 per Unit, and the IPO generated gross proceeds of 82,500,000. US Tiger Securities, Inc. and EF Hutton, division of Benchmark Investments, LLC acted as the underwriters of the IPO. The securities sold in the IPO were registered under the Securities Act on a registration statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-263123). The SEC declared the registration statement effective on April 6, 2022.

On April 11, 2022, a total of 84,150,000 of the net proceeds from the IPO and the sale of the Private Placement Units was deposited in the Trust Account. The net proceeds deposited into the Trust Account remain on deposit in the Trust Account and are invested in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act, with a maturity of 185 days or less, or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund and meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by us, until the earlier of: (i) the consummation of a business combination or (ii) the distribution of the funds in the Trust Account to our shareholders,

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers

None.

I tem 6. [Reserved]

50 

I tem 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.

References to the Company, our, us or we refer to Denali Capital Acquisition Corp. The following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements and the notes related thereto which are included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including those set forth under Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements, Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Overview

We are a blank check company incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted company on January 5, 2022, for the purpose of effecting an initial business combination. While we will not be limited to a particular industry or geographic region in our identification and acquisition of a target company, we intend to focus on technology, consumer and hospitality and will not complete our initial business combination with a target that is headquartered in China (including Hong Kong and Macau) or conducts a majority of its business in China (including Hong Kong and Macau). We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of our IPO and the sale of units in the Private Placement to the sponsor, additional shares, debt or a combination of cash, equity and debt.

We expect to continue to incur significant costs in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to complete a business combination will be successful.

Recent Developments

On January 25, 2023, we entered into a Merger Agreement, by and among Longevity, New PubCo, Denali Merger Sub, Longevity Merger Sub, and Bradford A. Zakes, solely in the capacity as seller representative.

Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, the parties thereto will enter into the Transactions, pursuant to which, among other things, immediately following the consummation of the acquisitions by Longevity of each of Cerevast Medical,

Inc., Aegeria Soft Tissue LLC, and Novokera LLC, (i) Denali Merger Sub will merge with and into Denali, with Denali as the surviving entity of the Denali Merger, and (ii) Longevity Merger Sub will merge with and into Longevity, with Longevity as the surviving company of the Longevity Merger. Following the Mergers, each of Longevity and Denali will be a subsidiary of New PubCo, and New PubCo will become a publicly traded company. At Closing, New PubCo will change its name to Longevity Biomedical, Inc., and its common stock is expected to list on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the ticker symbol LBIO. 

The consummation of the proposed Longevity Business Combination is subject to certain conditions as further described in the Merger Agreement. 

For more information about the Merger Agreement and the proposed Longevity Business Combination, see our Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed with the SEC on January 26, 2023 and the Longevity Disclosure Statement that we will file with the SEC. Unless specifically stated, this Annual Report on Form 10-K does not give effect to the proposed Transactions and does not contain the risks associated with the proposed Transactions. Such risks and effects relating to the proposed Transactions will be included in a Registration Statement on Form S-4 that we will file with the SEC relating to our proposed business combination with Longevity.

Results of Operations

We have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any operating revenues to date. Our only activities from January 5, 2022 (inception) through December 31, 2022, were organizational activities, those necessary to prepare for and complete the IPO, 
 and, subsequent to the IPO, identifying a target company for a business combination and activities in connection with the proposed Longevity Business Combination
 . We do not expect to generate any operating revenues until after the completion of our initial business combination. We expect to generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on marketable securities held after the IPO. We expect that we will incur increased expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses in connection with searching for, and completing, a business combination.

For the period from January 5, 2022 (inception) through December 31, 2022, we had a net loss of 
 
 419,390, which primarily consists of formation and operating expenses of 1,640,990, partially offset by income earned on marketable securities held in the Trust Account of 1,221,600.

51 

For the period from January 5, 2022 (inception) through December 31, 2022, we had an increase in cash of 819,747 resulting from net cash used in operating activities of 426,095, net cash used in investing activities of 84,150,000 and net cash provided by financing activities of 85,395,842. 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities

For the period from January 5, 2022 (inception) through December 31, 2022, net cash used in operations was 426,095, primarily due to net loss of 419,390 for the period and the changes in current assets and liabilities of 1,203,552 due to prepaid expenses of (88,089) and accounts payable and accrued expenses of 1,291,641. In addition, net cash used in operating activities includes adjustments to reconcile net loss from formation costs paid by the related party of 11,343 and income on the Trust Account of 1,221,600.

Cash Flows from Investing Activities

For the period from January 5, 2022 (inception) through December 31, 2022, net cash used in investing activities was 84,150,000, primarily due to investment held in the Trust Account of 84,150,000.

Cash Flows from Financing Activities

For the period from January 5, 2022 (inception) through December 31, 2022, net cash provided by financing activities was 85,395,842, primarily due to proceeds from issuance of the Promissory Note (as defined below) to the related party of 80,000, proceeds from the related party of 25,000, proceeds from the Private Placement of 5,100,000, proceeds from our IPO of 82,500,000, partially offset by payment of the Promissory Note to the related party of 80,000, payment to the related party of 240,020, payment of offering costs of 339,138 and payment of underwriting discount of 1,650,000.

Liquidity and Capital Resources

Our liquidity needs prior to the consummation of the IPO were satisfied through a payment from the sponsor and the loan under an unsecured promissory note from the sponsor of up to 400,000 (the Promissory Note ).

On April 11, 2022, we consummated the IPO of 8,250,000 Units, inclusive of 750,000 Units 
 issued pursuant to the partial exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment option
 . The Units were sold at a price of 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 82,500,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, we consummated the sale of 510,000 Private Placement Units, inclusive of 30,000 Private Placement Units sold to the sponsor pursuant to the underwriters partial exercise of their over-allotment option. Each whole Private Placement Unit consists of one Class A ordinary share and one warrant, each whole warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of 11.50 per share. The Private Placement Units were sold at a price of 10.00 per Private Placement Unit, generating gross proceeds of 5,100,000.

Following the closing of the IPO and sale of the Private Placement Units on April 11, 2022, a total of 84,150,000 was placed in the Trust Account, and we had 1,515,795 of cash held outside of the Trust Account, after payment of costs related to the IPO, and available for working capital purposes. In connection with the IPO, we incurred 5,105,315 in transaction costs, consisting of 1,650,000 of underwriting fees, 2,887,500 of deferred underwriting fees and 567,815 of other offering costs.

As of December 31, 2022, we had cash and marketable securities held in the Trust Account of 85,371,600. We intend to use substantially all of the funds held in the Trust Account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the Trust Account (less income taxes payable), to complete our business combination. To the extent that our share capital or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete a business combination, the remaining proceeds held in the Trust Account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies.

52 

As of December 31, 2022, we had cash of 819,747 outside of the Trust Account. If we do not complete the Longevity Business Combination, we intend to use the funds held outside the Trust Account primarily to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners, review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, and structure, negotiate and complete a business combination.

On January 25, 2023, we entered into the Merger Agreement, by and among Longevity, New PubCo, Denali Merger Sub, Longevity Merger Sub, and Bradford A. Zakes, solely in the capacity as seller representative.

As of December 31, 2022, we had a working capital 
deficit of 383,805. In order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with a business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required (the Working Capital Loans ). If we complete the initial business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts or convert them into equity securities as described below.
 In the event that the initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside of the Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts, but no proceeds from the Trust Account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into units of the post-business combination entity, at a price of 10.00 per unit at the option of the lender. The units would be identical to the Private Placement Units. As of December 31, 2022, there were no amounts outstanding under any Working Capital Loans.

Based on the foregoing, management believes that we will not have sufficient working capital and borrowing capacity to meet our needs through the consummation of the initial business combination. If we are unable to raise additional capital, we may be required to take additional measures to conserve liquidity, which could include, but not necessarily be limited to, curtailing operations, suspending the pursuit of a potential transaction, and reducing overhead expenses. We cannot provide any assurance that new financing will be available to us on commercially acceptable terms, if at all.

In accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC Subtopic 205-40, Presentation of Financial Statement - Going Concern , the Company has evaluated that there are certain conditions and events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern through April 11, 2023 (or by October 11, 2023, if the Company extends the period of time to consummate a business combination), the date that the Company will be required to cease all operations, except for the purpose of winding up, if a business combination is not consummated. These financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recovery of the recorded assets or the classification of the liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern.

If our estimate of the costs of identifying a target business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating a business combination are less than the actual amount necessary to do so, we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior to our initial business combination. Moreover, we may need to obtain additional financing either to complete our business combination or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our public shares upon completion of our business combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such business combination.

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements

We have no obligations, assets or liabilities, which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2022. We do not participate in transactions that create relationships with entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered into any off-balance sheet financing arrangements, established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or purchased any non-financial assets.

53 

Other Contractual Obligations

Registration Rights

The holders of our founder shares, Private Placement Shares and Private Placement Warrants, including any of those issued upon conversion of any Working Capital Loans (and any Private Placement Shares issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants that may be issued upon conversion of any Working Capital Loans) will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration and shareholder rights agreement signed on April 6, 2022. The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that we register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed after the completion of our initial business combination and rights to require us to register for resale such securities pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. We will bear the costs and expenses of filing any such registration statements.

Underwriting Agreement

We granted the underwriters a 45-day option from the date of the IPO to purchase up to 1,125,000 additional Units to cover over-allotments, if any, at the IPO price less the underwriting discounts and commissions. The underwriters exercised their over-allotment option in part for 750,000 Units on April 11, 2022. On May 23, 2022, the underwriters decided not to exercise their over-allotment option on the remaining 375,000 Units and the remaining option expired. There are no pending contractual obligations as of December 31, 2022. 

The underwriters received a cash underwriting discount of 0.20 per Unit, or 1,650,000 in the aggregate, paid upon the closing of the IPO. In addition, the underwriters will be entitled to a deferred fee of 0.35 per Unit, or 2,887,500 in the aggregate. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that we complete a business combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement.

Critical Accounting Policies

The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. We have identified the following critical accounting policies:

Basis of Presentation

The accompanying financial statements are presented in conformity with U.S. GAAP and pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC.

Emerging Growth Company Status

We are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the 
 JOBS Act
 . As such, we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies, including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved.

54 

Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies, but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period, which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used.

Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption

We account for our Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB ASC 480
 ,

 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity ASC 480 ). Class A ordinary shares subject to mandatory redemption (if any) are classified as a liability instrument and measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable ordinary shares (including shares that feature redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within our control) are classified as temporary equity. At all other times, ordinary shares are classified as shareholders equity. Our ordinary shares will feature certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of our control and will be subject to the occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, as of December 31, 2022, 8,250,000 Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption are presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders deficit section of our audited balance sheet.

We recognize changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and adjust the carrying value of redeemable ordinary shares to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Increases or decreases in the carrying amount of redeemable ordinary shares are affected by charges against additional paid in capital or accumulated deficit if additional paid in capital equals to zero.

Warrants

We account for warrants as either equity-classified or liability-classified instruments based on an assessment of the warrant s specific terms and applicable authoritative guidance in FASB ASC 480 and FASB ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging ASC 815 ). The assessment considers whether the warrants are freestanding financial instruments pursuant to ASC 480, meet the definition of a liability pursuant to ASC 480, and meet all of the requirements for equity classification under FASB ASC 815, including whether the warrants are indexed to our own ordinary shares and whether the warrant holders could potentially require net cash settlement in a circumstance outside of our control, among other conditions for equity classification. This assessment is conducted at the time of warrant issuance and as of each subsequent quarterly period end date while the warrants are outstanding.

For issued or modified warrants that meet all of the criteria for equity classification, the warrants are required to be recorded as a component of additional paid-in capital at the time of issuance. For issued or modified warrants that do not meet all of the criteria for equity classification, the warrants are required to be recorded at their initial fair value on the date of issuance, and each balance sheet date thereafter. We account for the 8,250,000 Public Warrants and 510,000 Private Placement Warrants as equity-classified instruments.

Net Income/(Loss) Per Ordinary Share

We comply with the accounting and disclosure requirements of FASB ASC 260, Earnings Per Share. Net loss per redeemable and non-redeemable ordinary share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding between the redeemable and non-redeemable shares during the period, excluding ordinary shares subject to forfeiture. Weighted average shares were reduced for the effect of an aggregate of 93,750 founder shares that were forfeited due to the underwriters partial exercise of the over-allotment option. In order to determine the net income (loss) attributable to both the redeemable shares and non-redeemable shares, we first considered the undistributed income (loss) allocable to both the redeemable shares and non-redeemable shares and the undistributed income (loss) is calculated using the total net loss less 
 
 dividends paid. We then allocated the undistributed income (loss) based on the weighted average number of shares outstanding between the redeemable and non-redeemable shares. 

Subsequent measurement adjustments recorded pursuant to ASC 480-10-S99-3A related to redeemable shares are treated in the same manner as dividends on non-redeemable shares. Class A ordinary shares are redeemable at a price determined by the 
 Trust Account

 held by us. This redemption price is not considered a redemption at fair value. Accordingly, the adjustments to the carrying amount are reflected in the Earnings Per Share EPS using the two-class method. 
 We have elected to apply the two-class method by treating the entire periodic adjustment to the carrying amount of the Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption like a dividend.

Based on above, any remeasurement of redemption value of the Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption is considered to be dividends paid to the public shareholders. Warrants issued are contingently exercisable (i.e., on the later of 30 days after the completion of the initial business combination or 12 months from the closing of the IPO). For EPS purpose, the warrants are anti-dilutive since they would generally not be reflected in basic or diluted EPS until the contingency is resolved. As of December 31, 2022, we did not have any other dilutive securities and other contracts that could, potentially, be exercised or converted into ordinary shares and then share in our earnings. As a result, diluted income (loss) per ordinary share is the same as basic earnings per ordinary share for the period presented.

55 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements

In August 2020, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU No. 2020-06, Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40): Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity s Own Equity ASU 2020-06 , which simplifies accounting for convertible instruments by removing major separation models required under current U.S. GAAP. The ASU also removes certain settlement conditions that are required for equity-linked contracts to qualify for the derivative scope exception, and it simplifies the diluted earnings per share calculation in certain areas. ASU 2020-06 is effective January 1, 2024 and should be applied on a full or modified retrospective basis, with early adoption permitted beginning on January 1, 2021. The Company has not adopted ASU 2020-06 yet and has not determined how applying it will impact the financial statements.

Management does not believe that any other recently issued, but not effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on our financial statements.

I tem 7A.

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk

The net proceeds of our IPO and the Private Placement held in the Trust Account are invested in U.S. government securities with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Due to the short-term nature of these investments, we believe there will be no associated material exposure to interest rate risk.

I tem 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.

Reference is made to Pages F
 -1

 through F
 -19

 comprising a portion of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

I tem 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.

None.

I tem 9A. Controls and Procedures.

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.

As required by Rules 13a-15f and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. Based upon their evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and General Counsel concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15 (e) and 15d-15 (e) under the Exchange Act) were effective.

Management s Report on Internal Controls over Financial Reporting

This Report does not include a report of management s assessment regarding internal control over financial reporting or an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm due to a transition period established by the rules of the SEC for newly public companies.

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting

During the quarter ended December 31, 2022, there has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.

56 

I tem 9B. Other Information.

Not applicable.

I tem 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections.

Not applicable.

PART III

I tem 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.

Directors and Executive 

 Officers

Our directors and executive officers are as follows:

Name

Age

Title

Lei Huang

51

Chief Executive Officer and Director

You Patrick Sun

35

Chief Financial Officer

Huifeng Chang

57

Director

Jim Mao

55

Director

Kevin Vassily

56

Director

Mr. Huang

, our Chief Executive Officer and Director, currently serves as the Chief Executive Officer and a member of the board of directors of US Tiger Securities, Inc. Mr. Huang also serves as the Chief Executive Officer and is a member of the board of directors of TradeUP Securities, Inc., a broker/dealer company incorporated in December 2021 and is a member of the board of directors of MDLand International Corporation. He also served as the Chief Executive Officer and was a member of the board of directors of Fortune Rise Acquisition Corporation (Nasdaq: FRLA), a special purpose acquisition company, since its incorporation in January 2021 and until December 2022. Prior to joining US Tiger, Mr. Huang was the Chief Executive Officer of Haitong Securities USA LLC, and also served as Chief Compliance Officer and Operation Manager of CICC US Securities, Inc. from 2010 through 2018. Prior to that, Mr. Huang served as a Compliance Officer at Morgan Stanley, Lehman Brothers and Barclays. Mr. Huang also formerly served as a Regulatory Supervisor at the National Association of Securities Dealers.

Mr. Sun

, our Chief Financial Officer, is an experienced banking and asset management professional. Since August 2020, Mr. Sun has served as the Chief Financial Officer of Lake Crystal Energy LLC, an oil and gas company. As the Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Sun evaluates and sources potential investments in oil and gas assets. He also oversees all financial functions of the company. Prior to this role, from August 2014 to December 2019, Mr. Sun served as a Vice President and an E P Analyst of Seaport Global Securities LLC, a full-service investment bank, capital markets advisory and research platform based in New York. From July 2008 to May 2012, Mr. Sun served as Vice President of the Pacific Securities Co., Ltd., a Chinese investment bank and brokerage firm. Mr. Sun earned an MBA from Washington University in St. Louis, Olin Business School, and a B.S. degree in Mechanics from Peking University.

57 

Dr. Chang 

serves as our Director. Since May 2016, Dr. Chang has served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and, in September 2020, became a member of the board of directors of Canadian Solar Inc. (Nasdaq: CSIQ), a company that manufactures solar PV modules and develops large scale solar projects. He has 24 years of experience in capital markets, financial investment and risk management. From 2010 to 2015, Dr. Chang was the co-head of Sales Trading at CICC U.S. Securities Inc. Prior to this role, from 2008 to 2010, he was the Chief Executive Officer of China Southern Oriental Patron Asset Management based in Hong Kong, investing funds from China in the international markets. From 2000 to 2008, Dr. Chang was an Equity Proprietary Trader at Citigroup Global Capital Markets Inc. in New York. Before going to New York, Dr. Chang worked at Kamakura Corporation in Hawaii as a derivative and risk modeler. Dr
. Chang has also been an independent director of Scienjoy Holding Corporation since May 2020 and on the advisory board of Aquamarine Investment Partners Ltd. since 2015. 

Dr. Chang earned a Ph.D. in Soil Physics and an MBA from the University of Hawaii at Manoa. He also earned an M.S. degree from Academia Sinica and a B.S. degree from Nanjing Agricultural University.

Mr. Mao

serves as our Director. Mr. Mao is a founding and managing partner of Citta Capital Citta ), a firm focused on investing in early growth stage technology startups in Enterprise/SaaS, Blockchain, ESG, AI applications, cloud computing and healthcare technology. As of December 31, 2022
, Citta has a diverse portfolio of companies that includes Kintsugi (a leading AI based mental health diagnostics company), Openprise, Inc. (automation solutions), Sequoia Games, Inc. (combining the latest technology with professional sports), SetPoint 
(clinical stage neuro treatment), Zeit Medical (early heart stroke detection with FDA breakthrough destination), and Ryu Games (Web3.0 Gamify). Prior to that, Mr. Mao was a Partner at WestSummit Capital WSC ), a leading global technology growth capital venture firm. He has also co-authored five U.S. patents. He has over 20 years of working experience in private equity and technology sectors, including enterprise software, Internet, mobile applications, digital media, intelligent hardware, advanced manufacturing/materials, medical devices and clean tech. 

Mr. Vassily 

serves as our Director. Mr. Vassily has extensive working experience as a senior management team member serving private and public companies. In January 2021, he was appointed Chief Financial Officer, and in March 2021, became a member of the board of directors of iPower Inc. (Nasdaq: IPW), a leading online hydroponic equipment retailer and supplier. Mr. Vassily is also a member of the board of directors of Fortune Joy International Acquisition Corporation (Nasdaq: XYGJ), a special purpose acquisition company incorporated in August 2021 which is currently seeking Nasdaq listing, and Feutune Light Acquisition Corporation, a special purpose acquisition company incorporated in January 2022 (Nasdaq: FLFV). Prior to this role, from 2019 to January 2021, Mr. Vassily served as Vice President of Market Development for Facteus, a financial analytics company focused on the asset management industry. From March 2019 through 2020, he served as an advisor at Woodseer, a financial technology firm providing global dividend forecasts. From 2018 through its acquisition in 2020, Mr. Vassily served as an advisor at Go Capture, where he was responsible for providing strategic, business development, and product development advisory services for the company s emerging Data as a Service platform. Since November 2019, Mr. Vassily has served as a director of Zhongchao Inc., a provider of healthcare information, education and training services to healthcare professionals and the public in China. Since July 2018, Mr. Vassily has also served as an advisor at Prometheus Fund, a Shanghai-based merchant bank private equity firm focused on the green economy. From 2015 through 2018, Mr. Vassily served as an Associate Director of Research at Keybanc Capital Markets, and helped to co-manage the technology research vertical. From 2010 to 2014, he served as the Director of Research at Pacific Epoch, where he was responsible for a complete product overhaul and a complete business model restart post-acquisition, re-focusing the firm around a data-first research offering. From 2007 to 2010, he served as the Asia Technology Business Development Representative and as a Senior Analyst at Pacific Crest Securities. In this role, he was responsible for establishing the firm s presence and relevance covering Asia Technology. From 2003 to 2006, he served as a Senior Research Analyst in the semiconductor technology group at Susquehanna International Group, where he was responsible for research in semiconductor and related technologies. From 2001 to 2003, Mr. Vassily served as a Vice President and Senior Research Analyst for semiconductor capital equipment at Thomas Weisel Partners, where he was responsible for publishing research and maintaining financial models on each of the companies under coverage. Mr. Vassily began his career on Wall Street in 1998 as a Research Associate covering the semiconductor industry at Lehman Brothers.

58 

Number and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors

Our board of directors consists of three members. Holders of our founder shares will have the right to elect all of our directors prior to consummation of our initial business combination and holders of our public shares will not have the right to vote on the appointment of directors during such time. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association may only be amended if approved by holders of at least 90 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares entitled to vote thereon. Each of our directors will hold office for a two-year term. Subject to any other special rights applicable to the shareholders, any vacancies on our board of directors may be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of the remaining directors of our board or by a majority of the holders of our ordinary shares (or, prior to our initial business combination, a majority of the holders of our founder shares).

Our sponsor, upon and following consummation of an initial business combination, will be entitled to nominate three individuals for appointment to our board of directors, as long as the sponsor holds any securities covered by the registration and shareholder rights agreement.

Our officers are appointed by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association as it deems appropriate. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that our officers may consist of one or more chair of the board, chief executive officer, president, chief financial officer, vice presidents, secretary, treasurer and such other offices as may be determined by the board of directors.

Committees of the Board of Directors

Our board of directors has one standing committee: an audit committee. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, the rules of Nasdaq and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors.

Audit Committee

We have established an audit committee of the board of directors. Huifeng Chang, Jim Mao and Kevin Vassily are members of our audit committee. Our board of directors has determined that each of Huifeng Chang, Jim Mao and Kevin Vassily are independent under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Kevin Vassily serves as the Chair of the audit committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least three members of the audit committee, all of whom must be independent within one year of the listing of our Class A ordinary shares. Each member of the audit committee is financially literate and our board of directors has determined that Kevin Vassily qualifies as audit committee financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules.

The audit committee is responsible for:

meeting with our independent registered public accounting firm regarding, among other issues, audits, and adequacy of our accounting and control systems;

monitoring the independence of the independent registered public accounting firm;

verifying the rotation of the lead (or coordinating) audit partner having primary responsibility for the audit and the audit partner responsible for reviewing the audit as required by law;

inquiring and discussing with management our compliance with applicable laws and regulations;

59 

pre-approving all audit services and permitted non-audit services to be performed by our independent registered public accounting firm, including the fees and terms of the services to be performed;

appointing or replacing the independent registered public accounting firm;

determining the compensation and oversight of the work of the independent registered public accounting firm (including resolution of disagreements between management and the independent auditor regarding financial reporting) for the purpose of preparing or issuing an audit report or related work;

establishing procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received by us regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or reports which raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies;

monitoring compliance on a quarterly basis
 
 and, if any non-compliance is identified, immediately taking all action necessary to rectify such non-compliance or otherwise causing compliance
 
 ; and

reviewing and approving all payments made to our existing shareholders, executive officers or directors and their respective affiliates. Any payments made to members of our audit committee will be reviewed and approved by our board of directors, with the interested director or directors abstaining from such review and approval.

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation

None of our executive officers currently serves, and in the past year has not served, as a member of the compensation committee of any entity that has one or more executive officers serving on our board of directors.

Code of Ethics

We have adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees. A copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided without charge upon request from us. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K. 

Availability of Documents

We have filed a copy of our Code of Ethics and our audit committee charter as exhibits to the registration statement relating to our IPO. You will be able to review these documents by accessing our public filings at the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K.

I tem 11. Executive Compensation.

Executive Officer and Director Compensation

None of our executive officers or directors have received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. Our sponsor, executive officers and directors, or their respective affiliates will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made by us to our sponsor, executive officers or directors, or their affiliates. Any such payments prior to an initial business combination will be made using funds held outside the Trust Account. Other than quarterly audit committee review of such reimbursements, we do not expect to have any additional controls in place governing our reimbursement payments to our directors and executive officers for their out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with our activities on our behalf in connection with identifying and consummating an initial business combination. Other than these payments and reimbursements, no compensation of any kind, including finder s and consulting fees, will be paid by to our sponsor, executive officers and directors, or their respective affiliates, prior to completion of our initial business combination.

60 

After the completion of our initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting or management fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation materials or tender offer materials furnished to our shareholders in connection with a proposed business combination. We have not established any limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or members of management. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed business combination, because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining executive officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our executive officers will be determined, or recommended to the board of directors for determination, either by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors on our board of directors.

We do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our initial business combination, although it is possible that some or all of our executive officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements to remain with us after our initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements to retain their positions with us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business but we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any agreements with our executive officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment.

I tem 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters.

The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our ordinary shares as of
 March

 17, 2023, based on information obtained from the persons named below, with respect to the beneficial ownership of our ordinary shares, by:

each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding ordinary shares;

each of our executive officers and directors; and

all of our executive officers and directors as a group.

Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all ordinary shares beneficially owned by them. The following table does not reflect record or beneficial ownership of the Private Placement Warrants as these warrants are not exercisable within 60 days of the date of this report.

Class B

 ordinary shares

Class A

 ordinary shares

Name of Beneficial Owners

 (1)

Number of Shares Beneficially Owned

Approximate Percentage of Class

Number of Shares Beneficially Owned

Approximate Percentage of Class

Denali Capital Global Investments LLC (our sponsor)

1,932,500

93.7

510,000

 (1)

5.82

Lei Huang

50,000

2.4

-

-

You Patrick Sun

20,000

-

-

Huifeng Chang

20,000

-

-

Jim Mao

20,000

-

-

Kevin Vassily

20,000

-

-

All officers and directors as a group (5 individuals)

130,000

6.3

-

-

Hudson Bay Capital Management LP

-

-

500,000

 (2)

5.71

Boothbay Fund Management, LLC

-

-

470,000

 (3)

5.37

Polar Asset Management Partners Inc.

-

-

500,000

 (4)

5.71

Mizuho Financial Group, Inc.

-

-

493,672

 (5)

5.64

Shaolin Capital Management LLC

-

-

658,900

 (6)

7.99

ATW SPAC Management LLC

-

-

470,000

 (7)

5.37

Less than one percent.

(1)

 510,000 Private Placement Units, each Private Placement Unit consists of one Class A ordinary share and one warrant.

(2)

 This information is based solely on a Schedule 13G filed by Hudson Bay Capital Management LP and Sander Gerber (collectively, the Hudson Reporting Persons with the SEC on February 7, 2023. The Hudson Reporting Persons have a shared voting power of 500,000 shares and shared dispositive power of 500,000 shares. The business address of such holder is 28 Havemeyer Place, 2nd Floor, Greenwich, CT 06830.

(3)

 This information is based solely on a Schedule 13G filed by Boothbay Fund Management, LLC and Ari Glass (collectively, the Boothbay Reporting Persons with the SEC on February 10, 2023. The Boothbay Reporting Persons have a shared voting power of 470,000 shares and shared dispositive power of 470,000 shares. The business address of such holder is 140 East 45th Street, 14th Floor, New York, NY 10017.

(4)

 This information is based solely on a Schedule 13G filed by Polar Asset Management Partners Inc. Polar with the SEC on February 10, 2023. Polar has sole voting power of 500,000 shares and sole dispositive power of 500,000 shares. The business address of such holder is 16 York Street, Suite 2900, Toronto, ON, Canada M5J 0E6.

(5)

 This information is based solely on a Schedule 13G filed by Mizuho Financial Group, Inc. Mizuho with the SEC on February 10, 2023. Mizuho has sole voting power of 493,672 shares and sole dispositive power of 493,672 shares. The business address of such holder is 1 5 5, Otemachi, Chiyoda ku, Tokyo 100 8176, Japan.

(6)

 This information is based solely on a Schedule 13G filed by Shaolin Capital Management LLC Shaolin with the SEC on February 13, 2023. Shaolin has sole voting power of 
 658,900 
 shares and sole dispositive power of 
 658,900 
 shares. The business address of such holder is 230 NW 24th Street, Suite 603, Miami, FL 33127.

(7)

 This information is based solely on a Schedule 13G filed by ATW SPAC Management LLC, Antonio Ruiz-Gimenez, and Kerry Propper (collectively, the ATW Reporting Persons with the SEC on February 14, 2023. The ATW Reporting Persons have a shared voting power of 
 470,000 
 shares and shared dispositive power of 
 470,000 
 shares. The business address of such holder is 17 State Street, Suite 2100, New York, NY 10004.

61 

As of
 March

 17, 2023, our initial shareholders beneficially owned approximately 24 of issued and outstanding ordinary shares and have the right to appoint all of our directors prior to our initial business combination. Holders of our public shares will not have the right to appoint any directors to our board of directors prior to our initial business combination. Because of this ownership block, our sponsor may be able to effectively influence the outcome of all other matters requiring approval by our shareholders, including amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and approval of significant corporate transactions including our initial business combination.

Our sponsor has agreed (a) to vote any founder shares and public shares held by it in favor of any proposed business combination and (b) not to redeem any founder shares or public shares held by it in connection with a shareholder vote to approve a proposed initial business combination.

Our sponsor, our officers, our directors and US Tiger are deemed to be our promoters as such term is defined under the federal securities laws.

Transfers of Founder Shares and Private Placement Warrants

The founder shares, Private Placement Units, Private Placement Shares, Private Placement Warrants and any Class A ordinary shares issued upon conversion or exercise thereof are each subject to transfer restrictions pursuant to lock-up provisions in the agreement entered into by our sponsor and management team. Our sponsor and each member of our management team have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares until the earlier of (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination and (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of our public shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. The Private Placement Units and the securities within the units are not transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. The foregoing restrictions are not applicable to transfers (a) to our officers or directors, any affiliates or family members of any of our officers or directors, any members or partners of our sponsor or their affiliates, any affiliates of our sponsor, or any employees of such affiliates; (b) in the case of an individual, by gift to a member of one of the individual s immediate family or to a trust, the beneficiary of which is a member of the individual s immediate family, an affiliate of such person or to a charitable organization; (c) in the case of an individual, by virtue of laws of descent and distribution upon death of the individual; (d) in the case of an individual, pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order; (e) by private sales or transfers made in connection with any forward purchase agreement or similar arrangement or in connection with the consummation of a business combination at prices no greater than the price at which the founder shares, Private Placement Units or Class A ordinary shares, as applicable, were originally purchased; (f) by virtue of our sponsor s organizational documents upon liquidation or dissolution of our sponsor; (g) to us for no value for cancellation in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination; (h) in the event of our liquidation prior to the completion of our initial business combination; or (i) in the event of our completion of a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of our public shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property after our completion of our initial business combination; provided
, however, that in the case of clauses (a) through (f) these permitted transferees must enter into a written agreement agreeing to be bound by these transfer restrictions and the other restrictions contained in the letter agreement.

I tem 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence.

In February 2022, we issued an aggregate of 2,156,250 founder shares to our sponsor in exchange for a payment of 25,000 from our sponsor to cover for certain expenses on behalf of us, or approximately 0.012 per share. Our sponsor later transferred 20,000 founder shares to our Chief Financial Officer and 110,000 founder shares to certain members of our board of directors and forfeited 93,750 founder shares pursuant to the underwriters partially exercising their over-allotment option.

62 

Our sponsor has purchased an aggregate of 510,000 Private Placement Units (with each Private Placement Unit consisting of one Private Placement Share and one Private Placement Warrant) at the price of 10.00 per unit.

 Each Private Placement Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one ordinary share at 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. The Private Placement Warrants (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. In addition, we have agreed not to enter into a definitive agreement regarding an initial business combination without the prior consent of our sponsor.

If any of our founders, officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he, she or it has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, then, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law, he, she or it will need to honor such fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, before we can pursue such opportunity.

No compensation of any kind, including finder s and consulting fees, will be paid by us to our sponsor, executive officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, for services rendered prior to or in connection with the completion of an initial business combination. However, these individuals will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying, investigating, negotiating and completing an initial business combination. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made by us to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or their affiliates.

In addition, in order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required on a non-interest basis. If we complete our initial business combination, we may repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds held in the Trust Account released to us. In the event that the initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our Trust Account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants of the post business combination entity at a price of 10.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants, including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period. Except as set forth above, the terms of such loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. Prior to the completion of our initial business combination, we do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our Trust Account.

After our initial business combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to our shareholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, furnished to our shareholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of distribution of such tender offer materials or at the time of a general meeting held to consider our initial business combination, as applicable, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director compensation.

We have entered into a registration and shareholder rights agreement with respect to the founder shares and Private Placement Warrants, which is described under the heading Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Other Contractual Obligations. 

Policy for Approval of Related Party Transactions

The audit committee of our board of directors has adopted a charter, providing for the review, approval and/or ratification of related party transactions, which are those transactions required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K as promulgated by the SEC, by the audit committee. At its meetings, the audit committee shall be provided with the details of each new, existing, or proposed related party transaction, including the terms of the transaction, any contractual restrictions that we have already committed to, the business purpose of the transaction, and the benefits of the transaction to us and to the relevant related party. Any member of the committee who has an interest in the related party transaction under review by the committee shall abstain from voting on the approval of the related party transaction, but may, if so requested by the chairman of the committee, participate in some or all of the committee s discussions of the related party transaction. Upon completion of its review of the related party transaction, the committee may determine to permit or to prohibit the related party transaction.

63 

Management will present to the audit committee each proposed related party transaction, including all relevant facts and circumstances relating thereto. Under the policy, we may consummate related party transactions only if our audit committee approves or ratifies the transaction in accordance with the guidelines set forth in the policy. The policy does not permit any director or executive officer to participate in the discussion of, or decision concerning, a related person transaction in which he or she is the related party.

Director Independence

We will be a controlled company within the meaning of the Nasdaq rules prior to the consummation of our initial business combination. As a controlled company, we will not be required to comply with the Nasdaq rules that require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. An independent director is defined generally as a person who has no material relationship with the listed company (either directly or as a partner, shareholder or officer of an organization that has a relationship with the company). Our board of directors has determined that each of Huifeng Chang, Jim Mao and Kevin Vassily are independent directors as defined in the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. We expect a majority of our board of directors to be comprised of independent directors within 15 months from the date of listing to comply with the majority independent board requirement in Rule 5605(b) of the Nasdaq listing rules. Our independent directors will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present.

I tem 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services.

The following is a summary of fees paid or to be paid to Marcum LLP, for services rendered in 2022.

Audit Fees. Audit fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our financial statements, reviews of our quarterly financial statements and services that are normally provided by our independent registered public accounting firm in connection with statutory and regulatory filings. The aggregate fees billed by Marcum for audit fees, inclusive of required filings with the SEC for the period from January 5, 2022 (inception) through December 31, 2022, and of services rendered in connection with the IPO, totaled 92,000.

Audit-Related Fees. Audit-related fees consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services that are not required by statute or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. We did not incur any audit-related services for the period from January 5, 2022 (inception) through December 31, 2022.

Tax Fees. Tax fees consist of fees billed for professional services relating to tax compliance, tax planning and tax advice. We did not incur any services relating to tax compliance, tax planning and tax advice for the period from January 5, 2022 (inception) through December 31, 2022.

All Other Fees. All other fees consist of fees billed for all other services. We did not incur other services for the period from January 5, 2022 (inception) through December 31, 2022.

Pre-Approval Policy

Our audit committee was formed upon the consummation of our IPO. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing services, although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve all auditing services and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit).

PART IV

I tem 15. Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules.

(a)

 The following documents are filed as part of this report:

(1)

 Financial Statements

64 

(2)

 Financial Statements Schedules

All financial statement schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or the amounts are immaterial and not required, or the required information is presented in the financial statements and notes herein.

(3)

 Exhibits

We hereby file as part of this report the exhibits listed in the attached Exhibit Index. Copies of such material can be obtained on the SEC website at www.sec.gov.

I tem 16. Form 10-K Summary.

Not applicable.

65 

DENALI CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP.

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID Num ber 

F- 2 

Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2022 

F- 3 

Statement of Operations for the period from January 5, 2022 (inception) Through December 31, 2022 

F- 4 

Statement of Changes in Shareholders Deficit for the period from January 5, 2022 (inception) Through December 31, 2022 

F- 5 

Statement of Cash Flows for the period from January 5, 2022 (inception) Through December 31, 2022 

F- 6 

Notes to Financial Statements 

F- 7 

F-1 

R EPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 

Denali Capital Acquisition Corp.

Opinion on the Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying balance sheet of Denali Capital Acquisition Corp. (the Company as of December 31, 2022, the related statements of operations, changes in 
share holders deficit and cash flows for the period from January 5, 2022 (inception) through December 31, 2022, and the related notes 
(collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the period from January 5, 2022 (inception) through December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company believes that it will not have sufficient working capital and borrowing capacity to complete a business combination. If the Company does not complete a business combination by April 11, 2023 (or October 11, 2023, if the Company extends the period of time to complete a business combination), it will be required to cease all operations, except for the purpose of winding up. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.

Basis for Opinion

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

/s/ 

Marcum LLP

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2022.

March 17
, 2023

F-2 

DENALI CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP.

B ALANCE SHEET

AS OF 
DECEMBER 31, 2022

ASSETS

Current Assets:

Cash

Prepaid expenses

Total Current Assets

Investment
 held in T
rust A
ccount

Total Assets

LIABILITIES, TEMPORARY EQUITY AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT

Current Liabilities:

Accounts payable and accrued expenses

Total Current Liabilities

Deferred underwriter compensation

Total Liabilities

Commitments and contingencies

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption; shares 
at per share

Shareholders Deficit:

Preference shares par value; shares authorized; issued and outstanding

Class A ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding (excluding shares subject to possible redemption)

Class B ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding

Additional paid-in capital

Accumulated deficit

Total Shareholders Deficit

T otal Liabilities, Temporary Equity and Shareholders Deficit

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.

F-3 

D ENALI CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS FOR THE PERIOD FROM JANUARY 5, 2022 (INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2022

From January 5, 2022 (inception) through December 31, 2022

Formation and operating costs

Other (Income)/expenses

Income on T
rust A
ccount

Net Loss

Weighted average shares outstanding of redeemable ordinary shares

Basic and diluted net income per share, ordinary shares

Weighted average shares outstanding of non-redeemable ordinary shares

Basic and diluted net loss per share, non-redeemable ordinary shares

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.

F-4 

D ENALI CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. 

 STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS 

 DEFICIT

 FOR THE PERIOD FROM JANUARY 5, 2022 (INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2022

Ordinary Shares

Additional

Class A

Class B

Paid-In

Accumulated

Shares

Amount

Shares

Amount

Capital

Deficit

Total

Balance as of January 5, 2022 (inception)

Issuance of Class B ordinary shares to Sponsor

Proceeds from sale of public units

Proceeds from sale of public units-over -
allotment

Proceeds from sale of private placement units

Proceeds from sale of private placement units-over -
allotment

Deferred underwriting fees payable at 
3.5 of gross proceeds

Underwriters d
iscount at 
2 of gross proceeds

Other offering costs

Initial measurement of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption under ASC 480-10-S99 against additional paid-in capital

Allocation of offering costs to Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption

Remeasurement adjustment on Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption

Forfeiture of Class B ordinary shares

Subsequent measurement of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption (i nc ome

 earned on T
rust A
ccount)

Net loss

Balance as of December 31, 2022

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.

F-5 

D ENALI CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS FOR THE PERIOD FROM JANUARY 5, 2022 (INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2022

Cash flows from operating activities:

Net loss

Formation costs paid by the 
related party

Income on T
rust A
ccount

Changes in current assets and liabilities:

Prepaid expenses

Accounts payable and accrued expenses

Net cash used in operating activities

Cash flows from investing activities:

Investment held in T
rust A
ccount

Net cash used in investing activities

Cash flows from financing activities:

Proceeds from issuance of promissory note to the 
related party

Payment of promissory note to the 
related party

Proceeds from the 
related party

Payment to the 
related party

Proceeds from issuance of private placement units, including over-allotment

Proceeds from issuance of public units through public offering, including over-allotment

Payment of offering costs

Payment of underwriter s discount

Net cash provided by financing activities

Net change in cash

Cash at beginning of period

Cash at end of period

Supplemental information for non-cash financing activities:

Deferred offering costs paid by Sponsor in exchange for issuance of Class B ordinary shares

Deferred offering costs charged to additional paid-in capital

Deferred offering cost settled through the 
related party payables

Allocation of offering costs to Class A ordinary shares subject to redemption

Reclassification of Class A ordinary shares subject to redemption

Remeasurement adjustment on Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption

Subsequent measurement of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption (in come
 earned on T
rust A
ccount)

Deferred underwriter s fee charged to additional paid-in capital

Forfeiture of Class B ordinary shares

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.

F-6 

D ENALI CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 
2022

. The Company was formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization, or similar business combination with one or more businesses (a Business Combination ).

The Company is not limited to a particular industry or sector for purposes of consummating a Business Combination. The Company is an early stage emerging growth company and, as such, the Company is subject to all of the risks associated with early stage emerging growth companies.

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had not commenced any operations. All activity for the period from January 5, 2022 (inception) through December 31, 2022 relates to the Company s organizational activities, those necessary to prepare for and complete the IPO, and, subsequent to the IPO, identifying a target company for a business combination. The Company does not expect to generate any operating revenues until after the completion of an initial Business Combination. The Company expects to generate non-operating income in the form of income from the investment of proceeds derived from the IPO. The Company has selected December 31 as its fiscal year end.

The Company s sponsor is Denali Capital Global Investments LLC, a Cayman Islands limited liability company (the Sponsor ).

Financing

The registration statement for the Company s IPO became effective on April 6, 2022. On April 11, 2022, the Company consummated the IPO of units (including over-allotment of units) Public Units ). Each Public Unit consists of one Class A ordinary share, par value per share (such shares included in the Public Units, the Public Shares ), and one redeemable warrant (the Public Warrants ), each whole Public Warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one Public Share at an exercise price of per share. The Public Units were sold at a price of per Public Unit, generating gross proceeds of , which is described in Note 3. Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, the Company consummated the sale of units (including over-allotment of units) (the Private Placement Units to the Sponsor at a price of per Private Placement Unit in a private placement generating gross proceeds of , which is described in Note 4. Transaction costs amounted to , consisting of of underwriting fees, of deferred underwriters fees and of other offering costs, and were all initially charged to shareholders equity.

Trust Account

Following the consummation of the IPO on April 11, 2022, a total of of the net proceeds from the IPO and 
the sale of the Private Placement Units was deposited in a trust account (the Trust Account . The net proceeds were

 invested in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), with a maturity of days or less, or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund and 
meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of (i) the completion of a Business Combination or (ii) the distribution of the funds in the Trust Account to the Company s shareholders, as described below.

The Company s management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the IPO and the sale of the Private Placement Units, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a Business Combination. The stock exchange listing rules require that the Business Combination must be with one or more operating businesses or assets with a fair market value equal to at least of the value of the assets held in the Trust Account (excluding any deferred underwriters fees and taxes payable on the interest income earned on the Trust Account). The Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-Business Combination company owns or acquires or more of the issued and outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target business sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully effect a Business Combination.

per Public Unit, plus any pro rata interest then in the Trust Account, net of taxes payable). The Public Shares subject to redemption were recorded at a redemption value and classified as temporary equity upon the completion of the IPO in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board (the FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480 ,
 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity ASC 480 ).

 The Company will not redeem Public Shares in an amount that would cause its net tangible assets to be less than (so that it does not then become subject to the penny stock rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC )) either prior to or upon consummation of an initial Business Combination. However, a greater net tangible asset or cash requirement may be contained in the agreement relating to the Business Combination. The Company will have only months from the closing of the IPO (or up to months from the closing of the IPO, if the Company extends the period of time to consummate a Business Combination) to complete the initial Business Combination (the Combination Period ). If the Company is unable to complete the initial Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Company will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay the Company s franchise and income taxes, if any (less up to of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then-issued and outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish Public Shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company s remaining shareholders and its board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to the Company s obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to the Company s warrants, which will expire worthless if the Company fails to complete the Business Combination within the 

 Combination Period.

The founder shares are designated as Class B ordinary shares (the founder shares and, except as described below, are identical to the Public Shares, and holders of founder shares have the same shareholder rights as Public Shareholders, except that (i) prior to the Company s initial Business Combination, only holders of the founder shares have the right to vote on the appointment of directors, including in connection with the completion of the Company s initial Business Combination, and holders of a majority of the founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason, (ii) the founder shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described in more detail below, (iii) the Company s initial shareholders have entered into an agreement with the Company, pursuant to which they have agreed to (A) waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and Public Shares in connection with the completion of the Company s initial Business Combination, (B) waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and Public Shares in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association that would affect the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to provide for the redemption of the Company s Public Shares in connection with an initial Business Combination or to redeem
 of the Company s Public Shares if the Company has not consummated an initial Business Combination within months from the closing of the IPO (or up to months from the closing of the IPO, if the Company extends the period of time to consummate a Business Combination) and (C) waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to their f
ounder s
hares if the Company fails to complete its initial Business Combination within months from the closing of the IPO (or up to months from the closing of the IPO, if the Company extends the period of time to consummate a Business Combination) although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any Public Shares they hold if the Company fails to complete its initial Business Combination within the prescribed time frame, (iv) the f
ounder s
hares will automatically convert into Public Shares concurrently with or immediately following the consummation of the Company s initial Business Combination, or earlier at the option of the holder thereof, and (v) the f
ounder s
hares are entitled to registration rights. If the Company submits its initial Business Combination to its Public Shareholders for a vote, the Sponsor and each member of the Company s management team have agreed to vote their Founder Shares 
and Public Shares in favor of the Company s initial Business Combination.

per Public Share or (ii) the actual amount per Public Share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account 
 if less than per Public Share
 due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes. This liability will not apply with respect to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account, nor will it apply to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters of the IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, (the Securities Act ). Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the Company s Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third party claims.

On January 25, 2023, the Company entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement ), by and among Longevity Biomedical, Inc., a Delaware corporation Longevity ), Denali SPAC Holdco, Inc., a Delaware corporation and direct, wholly owned subsidiary of the Company New PubCo ), Denali SPAC Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and direct, wholly owned subsidiary of New PubCo Denali Merger Sub ), Longevity Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and direct, wholly owned subsidiary of New PubCo Longevity Merger Sub ), and Bradford A. Zakes, solely in the capacity as seller representative.

Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, the parties thereto will enter into a business combination transaction (the Longevity Business Combination and together with the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, the Transactions ), pursuant to which, among other things, immediately following the consummation of the acquisitions by Longevity of each of Cerevast Medical, Inc., Aegeria Soft Tissue LLC, and Novokera LLC, (i) Denali Merger Sub will merge with and into the Company (the Denali Merger ), with the Company as the surviving entity of the Denali Merger, and (ii) Longevity Merger Sub will merge with and into Longevity (the Longevity Merger ), with Longevity as the surviving company of the Longevity Merger. Following the Mergers, each of Longevity and the Company will be a subsidiary of New PubCo, and New PubCo will become a publicly traded company. At the closing of the Transactions (the Closing ), New PubCo will change its name to Longevity Biomedical, Inc., and its common stock is expected to list on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the ticker symbol LBIO. 

The consummation of the proposed Longevity Business Combination is subject to certain conditions as further described in the Merger Agreement. 

Although there is no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully effect a Business Combination, the Business Combination is expected to be consummated after the required approval by the shareholders of the Company and the satisfaction of certain other conditions.

In connection with the execution of the Merger Agreement, the sole stockholder of Longevity (the Voting Stockholder has entered into a Voting and Support Agreement (the Longevity Support Agreement ), pursuant to which the Voting Stockholder has agreed to, among other things, (i) vote in favor of the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby and (ii) be bound by certain other covenants and agreements related to the Transactions. The Voting Stockholder holds sufficient shares of 
 Longevity

 to cause the approval of the Transactions on behalf of 
 Longevity

 .

In connection with the execution of the Merger Agreement, the Company, Longevity and the Sponsor have entered into a Voting and Support Agreement (the Sponsor Support Agreement ). The Sponsor Support Agreement provides that the Sponsor agrees (i) to vote in favor of the proposed transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, (ii) to appear at the purchaser special meeting for purposes of constituting a quorum, (iii) to vote against any proposals that would materially impede the proposed transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, (iv) to not redeem any of the Company s ordinary shares held by it that may be redeemed, and (v) to waive any adjustment to the conversion ratio set forth in the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association with respect to the Class B ordinary shares of the Company held by the Sponsor, in each case, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Sponsor Support Agreement.

In support of the Transactions, the Sponsor and FutureTech Capital LLC,
 a Delaware limited liability company and an entity controlled by Yuquan Wang, the Chairman of the Board of 

 Longevity

 (the Investor ), entered into a Sponsor Membership Interest Purchase Agreement dated November 8, 2022 (the MIPA ). 

The
 Investor currently holds notes payable from 

Longevity

 in the aggregate principal amount of million that are convertible into approximately million shares 

of 

Longevity

 common stock, and is also an affiliate of a significant group of stockholders of Cerevast Medical, Inc. Pursuant to the MIPA,

 the
 Investor agreed to purchase Class B units of membership interests in 

 the 
 Sponsor Sponsor Membership Units for a total purchase price of million, million of which has been paid in exchange for Sponsor Membership Units as of the date of the Merger Agreement. Pursuant to the MIPA,

 the 
 Investor has agreed to pay the million balance of the purchase price for the remaining Sponsor Membership Units no later than two business days prior to the closing of the

 Longevity 
 Business Combination. Each Sponsor Membership Unit entitles 

 the 
 Investor to receive Class B ordinary share held by

 the 
 Sponsor, each of which will convert into share of New PubCo common stock at the closing of the

 Longevity 
 Business Combination.

 The 
 Investor also agreed pursuant to the MIPA to pay any extension fees required to extend the time to close the 

 Longevity 
 Business Combination and to reimburse

 the 
 Sponsor s incurred expenses related to the 

 Longevity 
 Business 

 Combination if the Longevity Business Combination does not close.

On January 26, 2023, the Company filed a Form 8-K/A with the SEC to report the Merger Agreement and other legal agreements relating to the Longevity Business Combination.

Liquidity, Capital Resources and Going Concern Consideration

The Company s liquidity needs prior to the consummation of the IPO had been satisfied through a payment from the Sponsor of (see Note 5) for the f
ounder s
hares and the loan under an unsecured promissory note (the Promissory Note from the Sponsor of up to (see Note 5) which was fully repaid on April 12, 2022. Subsequent to the consummation of the IPO and sale of the Private Placement Units on April 11, 2022, a total of was placed in the Trust Account
, and
 we had 
 of cash held outside of the Trust Account, after payment of costs related to the IPO, and available for working capital purposes. In connection with the IPO, the Compa n
y
 incurred in transaction costs, consisting of of underwriting fees, of deferred underwriting fees and of other offering costs.

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had cash and marketable securities held in the Trust Account of
 . 
 The Company intends to use substantially all of the funds held in the Trust Account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the Trust Account (less income taxes payable), to complete the Business Combination. To the extent that the Company s share capital or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete a Business Combination, the remaining proceeds held in the Trust Account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue the Company s growth strategies.

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had cash of
 
 outside of the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete the Longevity Business Combination, it intends to use the funds held outside the Trust Account primarily to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners, review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, and structure, negotiate and complete a Business Combination.

As described above, on

 January 25, 2023, the Company entered into a Merger Agreement, by and among Longevity, New PubCo, Denali Merger Sub, Longevity Merger Sub, and Bradford A. Zakes, solely in the capacity as seller representative.

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had a working deficit of
 . 
 In order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the 
Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor or certain of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required (the Working Capital Loans ). If the Company completes the initial Business Combination, it would repay such loaned amounts without interest, or, at the lender s discretion, up to million of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into units of the post Business Combination entity at a price of per unit. The units would be identical to the Private Placement Units

 . In the event that the initial Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of the working capital held outside of the Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts, but no proceeds from the Trust Account would be used for such repayment. Up to 

of such loans may be convertible into units of the post-business combination entity, at a price of
 per unit at the option of the lender. The units would be identical to the Private Placement Units. As of December 31, 2022, there were amounts outstanding under any Working Capital Loans.

t have any cash equivalents on December 31, 2022.

consisting principally of underwriting, legal, accounting and other expenses incurred through the balance sheet date that are related to the IPO and were initially charged to shareholders equity upon the completion of the IPO. The Company complies with the requirements of FASB ASC 340-10-S99-1 and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin Topic 5A - Expenses of Offering . The Company allocates offering costs between the Public Shares and Public Warrants (as defined below in Note 3) based on the relative fair values of the Public Shares and Public Warrants. Accordingly, was allocated to the Public Shares and charged to temporary equity, and was allocated to Public Warrants and charged to shareholders equity/(deficit).

Public Warrants (as defined in Note 3) and 

 Private 
Placement 
 Warrants (as defined in Note 4) as equity-classified instruments.

The over-allotment option was granted on the date 

 of
 the 
 IPO and was valid for
 45 
days from the date of the 
IPO. The underwriters exercised the over-allotment option in part on April 11, 2022. On May 23, 2022, the underwriters decided not to exercise the remaining over-allotment option, after which the option expired. As of December 31, 2022, there is no over-allotment option liability.

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption are presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders deficit section of the Company s balance sheet.

The Company recognizes changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and adjusts the carrying value of redeemable ordinary shares to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Increases or decreases in the carrying amount of redeemable ordinary shares are affected by charges against additional paid-in capital or accumulated deficit if additional paid-in capital equals to zero.

Less:

Proceeds allocated to Public Warrants

Allocation of offering costs related to redeemable shares 

Plus:

Initial measurement of carrying value to redemption value

Subsequent measurement of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption income 

earned on T
rust A
ccount)

Ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 
 December 
31, 2022

. The Company has not experienced losses on this account.

founder shares that were forfeited due to the underwriters partial exercise of 
 their 
 over-allotment option. 
 In order to determine the net income (loss) attributable to both the redeemable shares and non-redeemable shares, the Company first considered the undistributed income (loss) allocable to both the redeemable shares and non-redeemable shares and the undistributed income (loss) is calculated using the total net loss less 
dividends paid
 . The Company 
 then allocated the undistributed income (loss) based on the weighted average number of shares outstanding between the redeemable and non-redeemable shares.

Subsequent measurement adjustments recorded pursuant to ASC 480-10-S99-3A related to redeemable shares are treated in the same manner as dividends on non-redeemable shares. Class A ordinary shares are redeemable at a price determined by the Trust Account
 held by the Company. This redemption price is not considered a redemption at fair value. Accordingly, the adjustments to the carrying amount are reflected in the Earnings Per Share EPS using the two-class method . The Company has elected to apply the two-class method by treating the entire periodic adjustment to the carrying amount of the Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption like a dividend
.

Based on the above, any remeasurement of redemption value of the Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption is considered to be dividends paid to the Public Shareholders. Warrants issued are contingently exercisable (i.e., on the later of 30 days after the completion of the initial Business Combination or 12 months from the closing of the IPO). For EPS purpose, the warrants are anti-dilutive since they would generally not be reflected in basic or diluted EPS until the contingency is resolved. As of December 31, 2022, the Company did not have any other dilutive securities and other contracts that could, potentially, be exercised or converted into ordinary shares and then share in the earnings of the Company. As a result, diluted income (loss) per ordinary share is the same as basic earnings per ordinary share for the period presented.

Income

on 
 
 Trust Account

Remeasurement
 of temporary equity to redemption value

Net loss including remeasurement
 of equity to redemption value

From January 5, 2022 (inception) 

through December 31, 2022

Redeemable Shares

Non- Redeemable Shares

Basic and diluted net income/(loss) per share: 

Numerators:

Allocation of net loss including accretion of temporary equity 

Income on 
 
 Trust Account

-

Remeasurement
 of temporary equity to redemption value 

- 

Allocation of net income/(loss)

Denominators:

Weighted-average shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted net income/(loss) per share 

Public Units
 , inclusive of 
 Public Units 
 issued 
 pursuant to the underwriters partial exercise of 
 their 
 over-allotment option
 . The Public Units were sold 
 at a purchase price of per Public Unit, generating gross proceeds of . Each Public Unit c
onsists of one Public Share and one Public Warrant. Each Public Warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one Public Share at a price of per share.

The warrants will become exercisable on the later of 
days after the completion of the Company s initial Business Combination or 
months from the closing of the IPO and will expire five years after the completion of the Company s initial Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation (see Note 7).

Private Placement Units (including Private Placement Units pursuant to the underwriters partial exercise of the over-allotment option) at a price of per Private Placement Unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company 

of . entitles the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of per share, subject to adjustment. Certain of the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Units were added to the net proceeds from the IPO held in the Trust Account.

If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within from the closing of the IPO (or up to from the closing of the IPO, if the Company extends the period of time to consummate a Business Combination), the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Units held in the Trust Account will be used to fund the redemption of the Company s Class A ordinary shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law) and the Private Placement Units and all underlying securities will expire worthless. The Private Placement Units will not be transferable, assignable, or salable until 30 days after the completion of an initial Business Combination, subject to certain exceptions.

of founder 
shares to the Sponsor 

in exchange for 
 a payment of

 from the Sponsor
 for deferred offering costs. In March 2022, the Sponsor t

 ransferred
 founder shares to 

 the Chief Financial Officer of the Company and found er
 shares to

certain members of 

the Company s 
 
 board of directors
 
 .

 On May 23, 2022, founder shares were forfeited
 by the Sponsor

 as the underwriters did not exercise their over-allotment option on the remaining
 
 Public Units (see Note 6), resulting in the 
 
 Sponsor

 holding a balance of
 
founder shares
.

The founder shares
 are identical to the Class A ordinary shares included in the units sold in the IPO, except that the founder shares 
 will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares at the time of the Company s initial Business Combination 
 (see Note 7).

 Also, the
 Sponsor and each member of the
 Company s 

management team have entered into an agreement with the Company
, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and Public Shares 

held by them.

after the completion of an initial Business Combination and (B) subsequent to the Company s initial Business Combination, (x) if the closing price of Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within any -trading day period commencing at least days after an initial Business Combination, or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all Public Shareholders having the right to exchange their Public Shares for cash, securities or other property. Any permitted transferees would be subject to the same restrictions and other agreements of the Sponsor and the Company s directors and executive officers with respect to any founder shares
.

The sale of the founder shares
 to the Company s 
 Chief Financial Officer and to certain members of the Company s board of 
 directors is in the scope of FASB ASC Topic 718, Compensation-Stock Compensation ASC 718 ). Under ASC 718, stock-based compensation associated with equity-classified awards is measured at fair value upon the grant date. The fair value of the 130,000 shares granted to the Company s directors and executive officers was or per share. The founder shares
 were granted subject to a performance condition (i.e., the occurrence of a Business Combination). Compensation expense related to the founder shares
 is recognized only when the performance condition is of 

 probable 
 occurrence under the applicable accounting literature in this circumstance. As of December 31, 2022, the Company determined that a Business Combination is not considered probable, and, therefore, stock-based compensation expense has been recognized. Stock-based compensation would be recognized at the date a Business Combination is considered probable (i.e., upon consummation of a Business Combination) in an amount equal to the number of founder shares
 times the fair value per share at the grant date 

(unless subsequently modified) less the amount initially received for the purchase of the founder shares
.

Promissory Note - Related Party

On February 3, 2022, the Sponsor agreed to loan the Company up to to be used for a portion of the expenses of the IPO. As of April 11, 2022, there was outstanding under the Promissory Note. This loan was non-interest bearing, unsecured and due at the earlier of (i) September 30, 2022 or (ii) the closing of the IPO. On April 12, 2022, the loan was repaid upon the closing of the IPO out of the offering proceeds not held in the Trust Account.

Due to the 
Related Party

The Sponsor paid certain formation, operating or offering costs on behalf of the Company. These amounts are due on demand and are non-interest bearing. During the period from January 5, 2022 (inception) through March 31, 2022, the Sponsor paid of formation, operating costs and offering costs on behalf of the Company. On April 12, 2022, the Company paid the Sponsor and on April 14, 2022, the Company received from the Sponsor. Subsequently on July 19, 2022, the Company fully paid to the related party. As of December 31, 2022, there were amounts outstanding due to the 
related party.

Working Capital Loan

In order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company s officers and directors, may, but are not obligated to, provide
 the Company Working Capital Loans. If the Company completes a Business Combination, it
 would repay the Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to the Company. In the event that a Business Combination does not close
 the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside of the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans, but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used for such repayment
.

Except for the foregoing, the terms of such Working Capital Loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. The Working Capital Loans would either be repaid upon consummation of a Business Combination, without interest, or, at the lender s discretion, up to million of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into units of the post-business combination entity at a price of per unit. The units would be identical to the Private Placement Units. As of December 31, 2022, Working Capital Loans were outstanding.

F-15 

-day option from the date of the 
IPO to purchase up to additional Public Units to cover over-allotments, if any, at the IPO price less the underwriting discounts and commissions. The underwriters exercised the over-allotment option in part for Public Units on April 11, 2022. On May 23, 2022, the underwriters decided not to exercise the over-allotment option on the remaining Public Units, and the over-allotment option expired.

The underwriters received a cash underwriting discount of per Public Unit, or in the aggregate, paid upon the closing of the IPO. In addition, the underwriters will be entitled to a deferred fee of per Public Unit, or in the aggregate, which is included in the accompanying balance sheet. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement.

preference shares with a par value of per share with such designations, voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. As of December 31, 2022, there were preference shares issued and
 outstanding.

Class A Ordinary Shares - 

The Company is authorized to issue Class A ordinary shares with a par value of per share. As of December 31, 2022, there were Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding, excluding Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption.

Class B Ordinary Shares 

- The Company is authorized to issue Class B ordinary shares with a par value of per share. As of December 31, 2022, there were Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding. On May 23, 2022, Class B ordinary shares were forfeited as the underwriters did not exercise the over-allotment option on the remaining Public Units.

of the sum of (i) the total number of ordinary shares issued and outstanding upon completion of the IPO, plus (ii) the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial Business Combination (after giving effect to any redemptions of Class A ordinary shares by Public Shareholders), excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, deemed issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial Business Combination and any Private Placement Units issued to the Sponsor, its affiliates or any member of the Company s management team upon conversion of the 

Working Capital Loans. Any conversion of Class B ordinary shares described herein will take effect as a compulsory redemption of Class B ordinary shares and an issuance of Class A ordinary shares as a matter of Cayman Islands law. In no event will the Class B ordinary shares convert into Class A ordinary shares at a rate of less than one-to-one.

Warrants

All warrants (Public and Private) will become exercisable at per share, subject to adjustment, on the later of days after the completion of the initial Business Combination or from the closing of the IPO provided in each case that the Company has an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the issuance of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to them is available (or the Company permits holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis under the circumstances specified in the warrant agreement). The warrants will expire at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, five years after the completion of the initial Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. On the exercise of any warrant, the warrant exercise price will be paid directly to the Company and not placed in the Trust Account.

In addition, if (x) the Company issues additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of an initial Business Combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than per ordinary share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to the Sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any founder shares

 held by the Sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of an initial Business Combination on the date of the consummation of an initial Business Combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of Class A ordinary shares during the -trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which the Company consummates an initial Business Combination (such price, the Market Value is below 9.20 per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value or the Newly Issued Price and the per share redemption trigger price will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value or the Newly Issued Price.

The Company has not registered the Class A
 ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants at this time. However, the Company has agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than business days after the closing of the initial Business Combination, it will use commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants, and it will use commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective within business days following the initial Business Combination and to maintain a current prospectus relating to those Class A 

ordinary shares until the warrants expire or are redeemed . 
 N

otwithstanding the above, if the Class A
 ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, the Company may, at its option, require holders of Public Warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event the Company so elects, it will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but the Company will be required to use commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available.

per warrant 

upon a minimum of days prior written notice of redemption, which is referred to as the -day redemption period and

if, and only if, the last reported sale price of ordinary shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for adjustments to 
the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant) for any trading days within a -trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders.

The Company will not redeem the warrants unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is effective and a current prospectus relating to those ordinary shares is available throughout the 30-day redemption period, except if the warrants may be exercised on a cashless basis and such cashless exercise is exempt from registration under the Securities Act. If and when the warrants become redeemable by the Company, the Company may exercise its redemption right even if it is unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws.

If the Company calls the warrants for redemption as described above, its management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise warrants to do so on a cashless basis. In determining whether to require all holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis, the Company s management will consider, among other factors, the cash position, the number of warrants that are outstanding and the dilutive effect on the Company s shareholders of issuing the maximum number of ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the Company s warrants. In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of Class A 

ordinary shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of Class A 

ordinary shares underlying the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the fair market value over the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value shall mean the volume weighted average price of the Class A ordinary shares for the trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants.

F-19 

EXHIBIT INDEX

Exhibit

Description

1.1 
 Underwriting Agreement, dated April 6, 2022, among the Company, US Tiger Securities, Inc. and EF Hutton, division of Benchmark Investments, LLC, as representatives of the several underwriters named therein (2) 
 2.1 

Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated January 25, 2023 by and among Denali SPAC Holdco, Inc., the Company, Denali SPAC Merger Sub, Inc., Longevity Biomedical, Inc., Longevity Merger Sub, Inc., and Bradford A. Zakes (in his capacity as Seller Representative)

 3.1 
 Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, dated April 6, 2022 (2) 
 4.1 
 Specimen Unit Certificate (1) 
 4.2 
 Specimen Ordinary Share Certificate (1) 
 4.3 
 Specimen Warrant Certificate (included in Exhibit 4.4) (2) 
 4.4 
 Warrant Agreement, dated April 6, 2022, between the Company and VStock Transfer, LLC, as warrant agent (2) 
 4.5 
 Description of Securities 
 10.1 
 Amended and Restated Promissory Note, dated as of February 3, 2022 between the Company and the Sponsor (1) 
 10.2 
 Letter Agreement, dated April 6, 2022, among the Company and its officers, directors, director nominees and the Sponsor (2) 
 10.3 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated April 6, 2022, between the Company and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee (2) 
 10.4 
 Registration and Shareholder Rights Agreement, dated April 6, 2022, between the Company, the Sponsor and certain other security holders of the Company (2) 
 10.5 
 Securities Subscription Agreement, dated as of February 3, 2022, between the Company and the Sponsor (1) 
 10.6 
 Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated April 6, 2022, between the Company and the Sponsor (2) 
 10.7 
 Form of Indemnity Agreement, dated April 6, 2022, between the Company and each of its directors and executive officers (2) 
 10.8 
 
 Voting and Support Agreement, dated January 25, 2023, by and among the Company, Longevity Biomedical, Inc., Denali SPAC Holdco, Inc. and Bradford A. Zakes (3) 
 10.9 
 
 Voting and Support Agreement, dated January 25, 2023, by and between Longevity Biomedical, Inc., the Company and the Sponsor (3) 
 31.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial and Accounting Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial and Accounting Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 99.1 
 Form of Audit Committee Charter (2) 

Filed herewith

Furnished herewith

Schedules omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. Denali Capital Acquisition Corp. agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted schedule to the SEC upon request.

(1)

 Filed as an exhibit to Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on March 22, 2022 (File No. 333-263123).

(2)

 Filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 12, 2022 (File No. 001-41351).

(3)

 Filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed with the SEC on January 26, 2023 (File No. 001-41351).

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

March 17, 2023

Denali Capital Acquisition Corp.

By:

 /s/ Lei Huang

Name: Lei Huang

Title: Chief Executive Officer

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates indicated.

Signature

Title

Date

/s/ Lei Huang

Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer)

March 17, 2023

 Lei Huang

/s/ You Patrick Sun

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)

March 17, 2023

 You Patrick Sun

/s/ Huifeng Chang

Director

March 17, 2023

 Huifeng Chang

/s/ Jim Mao

Director

March 17, 2023

 Jim Mao

/s/ Kevin Vassily

Director

March 17, 2023

 Kevin Vassily

<EX-4.5>
 2
 sa026_ex4-5.htm
 EXHIBIT 4.5

Exhibit 4.5 

DESCRIPTION
OF SECURITIES 

As of March 17, 2023, Denali Capital
Acquisition Corp. we, our, us or the Company had the following three classes
of its securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ): (i)
Class A ordinary shares, 0.0001 par value per share Class A ordinary shares ), (ii) redeemable warrants, each whole warrant
exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment, and (iii) units, consisting
of one Class A ordinary share and one redeemable warrant to purchase one Class A ordinary share. 

We
are a Cayman Islands exempted company and our affairs are governed by our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association,
the Companies Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands (the Companies Act and the common law of the Cayman Islands. Pursuant
to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, we are authorized to issue 200,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, 0.0001
par value, and 20,000,000 Class B ordinary shares, 0.0001 par value, as well as 1,000,000 preference shares, 0.0001 par value each.
The following description summarizes the material terms of our shares as set out more particularly in our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association. Because it is only a summary, it may not contain all the information that is important to you. 

Unless
otherwise stated or the context otherwise requires, references in this report to: (i) Class B ordinary shares are to the
Company s Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share; (ii) founder shares are to our Class B ordinary
shares initially purchased by our sponsor in a private placement prior to our initial public offering IPO ), and our Class
A shares issued upon the conversion thereof; (iii) private placement units are to the units purchased by our sponsor in
a private placement prior to our IPO; (iv) private placement warrants are to the warrants included in the private placement
units purchased by our sponsor in a private placement prior to our IPO; (v) public shares are to shares of our Class A
common stock included in the units sold in our IPO (whether they were purchased in our IPO or thereafter in the open market); (vi) public
shareholders are to the holders of our public shares, including our sponsor and management team to the extent our sponsor and/or
members of our management team purchase public shares, provided that the status of our sponsor and each member of our management team
as a public shareholder shall only exist with respect to such public shares; (vii) public warrants are
to our warrants included in the units sold in our IPO (whether they were purchased in our IPO or thereafter in the open market) and to
the private placement warrants if held by third parties other than our sponsor or its permitted transferees; (viii) sponsor 
are to Denali Capital Global Investments LLC, a Cayman Islands limited liability company; and (ix) warrants are to the
public warrants and the private placement warrants. 

Terms
used herein and not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to such terms in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

Units 

Each
unit consists of one Class A ordinary share and one warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one Class A ordinary
share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as described herein. 

The
Class A ordinary shares and warrants comprising the units began separate trading on May 31, 2022. Commencing on that date, holders have
the option to continue to hold units or separate their units into the component securities. Holders will need to have their brokers contact
our transfer agent in order to separate the units into Class A ordinary shares and warrants. No fractional warrants will be issued upon
separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade. 

Ordinary
Shares 

Ordinary
shareholders of record are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. Except as described
below, holders of Class A ordinary shares and holders of Class B ordinary shares will vote together as a single class on all matters
submitted to a vote of our shareholders except as required by law. Unless specified in our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association, or as required by applicable provisions of the Companies Act or applicable stock exchange rules, an ordinary resolution
under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting
of the company to approve any such matter voted on by our shareholders. Approval of certain actions require a special resolution under
Cayman Islands law, being the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares that are voted, and pursuant to our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association; such actions include amending our amended and restated memorandum and articles of
association and approving a statutory merger or consolidation with another company. Our board of directors is divided into three classes,
each of which will generally serve for a term of three years with only one class of directors being appointed in each year. There is
no cumulative voting with respect to the appointment of directors, with the result that the holders of more than 50 of the shares voted
for the appointment of directors can appoint all of the directors. Our shareholders are entitled to receive ratable dividends when, as
and if declared by the board of directors out of funds legally available therefor. Prior to our initial business combination, (i) only
holders of our founder shares will have the right to vote on the appointment of directors and (ii) in a vote to continue the Company
in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands (which requires the approval of at least two-thirds of the votes of all ordinary shares
voted at a general meeting), holders of our Class B ordinary shares will have ten votes for every Class B ordinary share and holders
of our Class A ordinary shares will have one vote for every Class A ordinary share. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association may only be amended by a special resolution passed by not less than 90 of our ordinary shares who attend
and vote at our general meeting which shall include the affirmative vote of a simple majority of our Class B ordinary shares. Holders
of our public shares will not be entitled to vote on the appointment of directors prior to the initial business combination. In addition,
prior to the completion of an initial business combination, holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board
of directors for any reason. In connection with our initial business combination, we may enter into a shareholders agreement or other
arrangements with the shareholders of the target with respect to voting and other corporate governance matters following completion of
the initial business combination. 

Because
our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association authorize the issuance of up to 200,000,000 Class A ordinary shares,
if we were to enter into a business combination, we may (depending on the terms of such a business combination) be required to increase
the number of Class A ordinary shares which we will be authorized to issue at the same time as our shareholders vote on the business
combination to the extent we seek shareholder approval in connection with our initial business combination. 

In
accordance with the Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual general meeting until one year after
our first fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. There is no requirement under the Companies Act for us to hold annual or extraordinary
general meetings to appoint directors. We may not hold an annual general meeting to appoint new directors prior to the consummation of
our initial business combination. Prior to the completion of an initial business combination, any vacancy on the board of directors may
be filled by a nominee chosen by holders of a majority of our founder shares. In addition, prior to the completion of an initial business
combination, holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. 

We will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity
to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable
in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation
of our initial business combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us
to pay our franchise and income taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-issued and outstanding public shares, subject to the
limitations described herein. The amount in the trust account is initially anticipated to be 10.20 per public share. The per share amount
we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will
pay to the underwriters. The redemption rights will include the requirement that a beneficial owner must identify itself in order to validly
redeem its shares. Our sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have
agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares held by them in connection with (i) the completion
of our initial business combination and (ii) a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association (the Shareholder Extension Period (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide
holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or
to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by April 11, 2023 (or
by October 11, 2023, if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination, or as may be extended by the Shareholder Extension
Period, as applicable) or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares.
Unlike many blank check companies that hold shareholder votes and conduct proxy solicitations in conjunction with their initial business
combinations and provide for related redemptions of public shares for cash upon completion of such initial business combinations even
when a vote is not required by law, if a shareholder vote is not required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements and
we do not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and
articles of association, conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the Securities Exchange Commission (the SEC ),
and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination. Our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association require these tender offer documents to contain substantially the same financial and other information about
the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under the SEC s proxy rules. If, however, a shareholder
approval of the transaction is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements, or we decide to obtain shareholder approval
for business or other reasons, we will, like many blank check companies, offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation
pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination,
we will complete our initial business combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which
requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company. However, the
participation of our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates in privately-negotiated transactions, if any, could result
in the approval of our initial business combination even if a majority of our public shareholders vote, or indicate their intention to
vote, against such initial business combination. For purposes of seeking approval of the majority of our issued and outstanding ordinary
shares, non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our initial business combination once a quorum is obtained. Our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association require that at least five days notice will be given of any general meeting. 

If
we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business
combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that a public
shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as
a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to
more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in the IPO (the Excess Shares ), without our prior consent. However, we
would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial
business combination. Our shareholders inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce their influence over our ability to complete
our initial business combination, and such shareholders could suffer a material loss in their investment if they sell such Excess Shares
on the open market. Additionally, such shareholders will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we
complete our initial business combination. And, as a result, such shareholders will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding
15 and, in order to dispose such shares would be required to sell their shares in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. 

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business
combination, we will complete our initial business combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands
law, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company. In
such case, our sponsor and each director and executive officer have agreed to vote their founder shares and public shares in favor of
our initial business combination. Additionally, each public shareholder may elect to redeem their public shares irrespective of whether
they vote for or against the proposed transaction or vote at all. 

Pursuant
to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, if we have not consummated an initial business combination by April
11, 2023 (or by October 11, 2023, if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination,
or as may be extended by the Shareholder Extension Period, as applicable) , we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose
of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a
per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the
funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our franchise and income taxes, if any (less up to 100,000
of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of the then-issued and outstanding public shares, which redemption will
completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions,
if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders
and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims
of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Our sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement
with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to
any founder shares they hold if we fail to consummate an initial business combination by April 11, 2023 (or
by October 11, 2023, if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination, or as may be extended by the Shareholder Extension
Period, as applicable) , although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any
public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. Our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association provide that, if we wind up for any other reason prior to the consummation of our initial business
combination, we will follow the foregoing procedures with respect to the liquidation of the trust account as promptly as reasonably possible
but not more than ten business days thereafter, subject to applicable Cayman Islands law. 

In
the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding up after a business combination, our shareholders are entitled to share ratably
in all assets remaining available for distribution to them after payment of liabilities and after provision is made for each class of
shares, if any, having preference over the ordinary shares. Our shareholders have no preemptive or other subscription rights. There are
no sinking fund provisions applicable to the ordinary shares, except that we will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity
to redeem their public shares for cash at a per share price equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including
interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our franchise and income taxes, if any,
divided by the number of the then-issued and outstanding public shares, upon the completion of our initial business combination, subject
to the limitations described herein. 

Founder
Shares 

The
founder shares are designated as Class B ordinary shares and, except as described below, are identical to the Class A ordinary shares
included in the units sold in the IPO, and holders of founder shares have the same shareholder rights as public shareholders, except
that: (a) the Class B ordinary shares will automatically convert into our Class A ordinary shares at the time of our initial business
combination, (b) the founder shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions; (c) prior to our initial business combination, only
holders of the Class B ordinary shares have the right to vote on the appointment of directors and only holders of a majority of our Class
B ordinary shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason; (d) in a vote to continue the Company in a jurisdiction
outside the Cayman Islands (which requires the approval of at least two-thirds of the votes of all ordinary shares voted at a general
meeting), holders of our founder shares have ten votes for every founder share and, as a result, our initial shareholders will be able
to approve any such proposal without the vote of any other shareholder; (e) our sponsor and each member of our management team have entered
into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and
public shares held by them in connection with (i) the completion of our initial business combination and (ii) a shareholder vote to approve
an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our
obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business
combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by April 11, 2023 (or by October
11, 2023, if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination, or as may be extended by the Shareholder Extension Period,
as applicable) or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares. Additionally,
our sponsor has agreed to waive its rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to its founder shares if
we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. Except as described herein, our sponsor and our
directors and executive officers have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares until the earliest of (A) one
year after the completion of our initial business combination and (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the closing
price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations,
recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial
business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction that results
in all of our public shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. We refer
to such transfer restrictions as the lock-up. Any permitted transferees would be subject to the same restrictions and other agreements
of our sponsor and our directors and executive officers with respect to any founder shares. 

Except as described herein,
the private placement units will not be transferable until 30 days following the completion of our initial business combination. Because
each of our executive officers and directors will own ordinary shares or warrants directly or indirectly, they may have a conflict of
interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business
combination; and (f) the founder shares are entitled to registration rights. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination,
we will complete our initial business combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which
requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company. In such case,
our sponsor and each director and executive officer have agreed to vote their founder shares and public
shares in favor of our initial business combination. 

The
founder shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares at the time of our initial business combination at a ratio such
that the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all founder shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted
basis, approximately 20 of the sum of (i) the total number of ordinary shares issued and outstanding upon completion of the IPO, plus
(ii) the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked
securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial business
combination, excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares
issued, deemed issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial business combination and any private placement units issued to our
sponsor, its affiliates or any member of our management team upon conversion of working capital loans. In no event will the Class B ordinary
shares convert into Class A ordinary shares at a rate of less than one-to-one. 

Prior
to our initial business combination, only holders of our founder shares will have the right to vote on the appointment of directors.
Holders of our public shares will not be entitled to vote on the appointment of directors during such time. In addition, prior to the
completion of an initial business combination, holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors
for any reason. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association may only be amended by a special
resolution passed by not less than 90 of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at our general meeting which shall include the affirmative
vote of a simple majority of our Class B ordinary shares. With respect to any other matter submitted to a vote of our shareholders, including
any vote in connection with our initial business combination, except as required by law, holders of our founder shares and holders of
our public shares will vote together as a single class, with each share entitling the holder to one vote. 

Register
of Members 

Under
Cayman Islands law, we must keep a register of members and there will be entered therein: 

the names and addresses of the members, together with a statement of the shares held by each member and
such statement shall confirm (i) the amount paid or agreed to be considered as paid on the shares of each member, (ii) the number and
category of shares held by each member, and (iii) whether each relevant category of shares held by a member carries voting rights under
the articles of association of the company, and if so, whether such voting rights are conditional; 

the date on which the name of any person was entered on the register as a member; and 

the date on which any person ceased to be a member. 

Under
Cayman Islands law, the register of members of our company is prima facie evidence of the matters set out therein (i.e., the register
of members will raise a presumption of fact on the matters referred to above unless rebutted) and a member registered in the register
of members will be deemed as a matter of Cayman Islands law to have legal title to the shares as set against its name in the register
of members. Upon the closing of this public offering, the register of members will be immediately updated to reflect the issue of shares
by us. Once our register of members has been updated, the shareholders recorded in the register of members will be deemed to have legal
title to the shares set against their name. However, there are certain limited circumstances where an application may be made to a Cayman
Islands court for a determination on whether the register of members reflects the correct legal position. Further, the Cayman Islands
court has the power to order that the register of members maintained by a company should be rectified where it considers that the register
of members does not reflect the correct legal position. If an application for an order for rectification of the register of members were
made in respect of our ordinary shares, then the validity of such shares may be subject to re-examination by a Cayman Islands court. 

Warrants 

Public
shareholders warrants 

Each whole warrant entitles the registered holder to
purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as discussed below, at any time commencing on
the later of one year from the closing of the IPO and 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination, except as discussed
in the immediately succeeding paragraph. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole
number of Class A ordinary shares, and a holder of the warrant will not be able to exercise any fraction of a warrant. The warrants will
expire five years after the completion of our initial business combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption
or liquidation. 

We
will not be obligated to deliver any Class A ordinary shares pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation to settle
such warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the Class A ordinary shares underlying
the warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to our satisfying our obligations described below
with respect to registration, or a valid exemption from registration is available. We will not be obligated to issue a Class A ordinary
share upon exercise of a warrant unless the Class A ordinary share issuable upon such warrant exercise has been registered, qualified
or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the registered holder of the warrants. In the event that
the conditions in the two immediately preceding sentences are not satisfied with respect to a warrant, the holder of such warrant will
not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In no event will we be required to
net cash settle any warrant. In the event that a registration statement is not effective for the exercised warrants, the purchaser of
a unit containing such warrant will have paid the full purchase price for the unit solely for the Class A ordinary share underlying such
unit. 

We have agreed that as soon as practicable, but in
no event later than 20 business days, after the closing of our initial business combination, we will use our commercially reasonable efforts
to file with the SEC a registration statement for the registration, under the Securities Act, of the Class A ordinary shares issuable
upon exercise of the warrants, and we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective within 60 business
days after the closing of our initial business combination, and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement and a current
prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares until the warrants expire or are redeemed, as specified in the warrant agreement;
provided that if our Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange
such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our
option, require holders of warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section
3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement,
and we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an
exemption is not available. If a registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is
not effective by the 60th business day after the closing of the initial business combination, warrant holders may, until such time as
there is an effective registration statement and during any period when we will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement,
exercise warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption, and
we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption
is not available. In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of Class A ordinary
shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants, multiplied
by the excess of the fair market value (defined below) less the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the fair market value.
The fair market value as used in this paragraph means the volume weighted average price of the Class A ordinary shares for
the 10 trading days ending on the trading day prior to the date on which the notice of exercise is received by the warrant agent. 

Redemption
of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 16.50. Once the warrants become exercisable, we may redeem
the outstanding warrants: 

in whole and not in part; 

at a price of 0.01 per warrant; 

upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder; and 

if, and only if, the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 16.50 per share
(as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described under the
heading Warrants Public shareholders warrants Anti-dilution adjustments in
our registration statement on Form S-1 filed in connection with our IPO (File No. 263123) (the Prospectus )) for any 20 trading
days within a 30-trading day period ending three trading days before we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 

We
will not redeem the warrants as described above unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the issuance of the
Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is then effective and a current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary
shares is available throughout the 30-day redemption period, except if the warrants may be exercised on a cashless basis and such cashless
exercise is exempt from registration under the Securities Act. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our
redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities
laws. 

We
have established the last of the redemption criterion discussed above to prevent a redemption call unless there is at the time of the
call a significant premium to the warrant exercise price. If the foregoing conditions are satisfied and we issue a notice of redemption
of the warrants, each warrant holder will be entitled to exercise his, her or its warrant prior to the scheduled redemption date. However,
the price of the Class A ordinary shares may fall below the 16.50 redemption trigger price (as adjusted for adjustments to the number
of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described under the heading Warrants Public
shareholders warrants Anti-dilution adjustments included in our Prospectus) as well as the 11.50 (for
whole shares) warrant exercise price after the redemption notice is issued. 

If
we call the warrants for redemption as described above, our management will have the option to require any holder that wishes to exercise
its warrant to do so on a cashless basis. In determining whether to require all holders to exercise their warrants on a
 cashless basis, our management will consider, among other factors, our cash position, the number of warrants that are outstanding
and the dilutive effect on our shareholders of issuing the maximum number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of our
warrants. If our management takes advantage of this option, all holders of warrants would pay the exercise price by surrendering their
warrants for that number of Class A ordinary shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of Class
A ordinary shares underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and the fair
market value (defined below) by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value shall mean the volume weighted
average price of the Class A ordinary shares for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice
of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. If our management takes advantage of this option, the notice of redemption will contain
the information necessary to calculate the number of Class A ordinary shares to be received upon exercise of the warrants, including
the fair market value in such case. Requiring a cashless exercise in this manner will reduce the number of shares to be
issued and thereby lessen the dilutive effect of a warrant redemption. We believe this feature is an attractive option to us if we do
not need the cash from the exercise of the warrants after our initial business combination. 

Redemption
procedures. A holder of a warrant may notify us in writing in the event it elects to be subject to a requirement that such holder
will not have the right to exercise such warrant, to the extent that after giving effect to such exercise, such person (together with
such person s affiliates), to the warrant agent s actual knowledge, would beneficially own in excess of 4.9 or 9.8 (as
specified by the holder) of the Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise. 

Anti-dilution
adjustments. If the number of issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares is increased by a capitalization or share dividend payable
in Class A ordinary shares, or by a sub-division of ordinary shares or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such capitalization
or share dividend, share sub-division or similar event, the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable on exercise of each warrant will
be increased in proportion to such increase in the issued and outstanding ordinary shares. A rights offering made to all or substantially
all holders of ordinary shares entitling holders to purchase Class A ordinary shares at a price less than the historical fair
market value (as defined below) will be deemed a share dividend of a number of Class A ordinary shares equal to the product of
(i) the number of Class A ordinary shares actually sold in such rights offering (or issuable under any other equity securities sold in
such rights offering that are convertible into or exercisable for Class A ordinary shares) and (ii) one minus the quotient of (x) the
price per Class A ordinary share paid in such rights offering and (y) the historical fair market value. For these purposes, (i) if the
rights offering is for securities convertible into or exercisable for Class A ordinary shares, in determining the price payable for Class
A ordinary shares, there will be taken into account any consideration received for such rights, as well as any additional amount payable
upon exercise or conversion, and (ii) historical fair market value means the volume weighted average price of Class A ordinary
shares as reported during the 10 trading day period ending on the trading day prior to the first date on which the Class A ordinary shares
trade on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market, regular way, without the right to receive such rights. 

In
addition, if we, at any time while the warrants are outstanding and unexpired, pay a dividend or make a distribution in cash, securities
or other assets to all or substantially all of the holders of the Class A ordinary shares on account of such Class A ordinary shares
(or other securities into which the warrants are convertible), other than (a) as described above, (b) any cash dividends or cash distributions
which, when combined on a per share basis with all other cash dividends and cash distributions paid on the Class A ordinary shares during
the 365-day period ending on the date of declaration of such dividend or distribution does not exceed 0.50 (as adjusted to appropriately
reflect any other adjustments and excluding cash dividends or cash distributions that resulted in an adjustment to the exercise price
or to the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable on exercise of each warrant) but only with respect to the amount of the aggregate
cash dividends or cash distributions equal to or less than 0.50 per share, (c) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of Class
A ordinary shares in connection with a proposed initial business combination, (d) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of
Class A ordinary shares in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
(A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares
redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial
business combination by April 11, 2023 (or by October 11, 2023, if we extend the period of time
to consummate a business combination, or as may be extended by the Shareholder Extension Period, as applicable) or (B) with respect
to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares, or (e) in connection with the redemption of
our public shares upon our failure to complete our initial business combination, then the warrant exercise price will be decreased (but
not less than zero), effective immediately after the effective date of such event, by the amount of cash and/or the fair market value
of any securities or other assets paid on each Class A ordinary share in respect of such event. 

If
the number of issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares is decreased by a consolidation, combination, reverse share sub-division
or reclassification of Class A ordinary shares or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such consolidation, combination,
reverse share sub-division, reclassification or similar event, the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable on exercise of each warrant
will be decreased in proportion to such decrease in issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares. 

Whenever
the number of Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants is adjusted, as described above, the warrant exercise
price will be adjusted by multiplying the warrant exercise price immediately prior to such adjustment by a fraction (x) the numerator
of which will be the number of Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants immediately prior to such adjustment
and (y) the denominator of which will be the number of Class A ordinary shares so purchasable immediately thereafter. 

In
addition, if (x) we issue additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with
the closing of our initial business combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than 9.20 per ordinary share (with
such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by our board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance
to our sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any founder shares held by our sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable,
prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than
60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination on the date of
the consummation of our initial business combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of our Class
A ordinary shares during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which we consummate our initial business
combination (such price, the Market Value is below 9.20 per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted
(to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price and the 16.50 per share redemption
trigger price described above under Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds
 16.50 will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 165 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. 

The
warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder for the purpose of (i) curing
any ambiguity or correct any mistake, including to conform the provisions of the warrant agreement to the description of the terms of
the warrants and the warrant agreement, or defective provision, (ii) amending the provisions relating to cash dividends on ordinary shares
as contemplated by and in accordance with the warrant agreement or (iii) adding or changing any provisions with respect to matters or
questions arising under the warrant agreement as the parties to the warrant agreement may deem necessary or desirable and that the parties
deem to not adversely affect the rights of the registered holders of the warrants, provided that the approval by the holders of a majority
of the then-outstanding warrants is required to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders. 

The
warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of ordinary shares and any voting rights until they exercise their warrants
and receive Class A ordinary shares. After the issuance of Class A ordinary shares upon exercise of the warrants, each holder will be
entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. 

No
fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade. If, upon exercise of the warrants,
a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number
the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued to the warrant holder. 

We
have agreed that, subject to applicable law, any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the
warrant agreement will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern
District of New York, and we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction will be the exclusive forum for any such action,
proceeding or claim. See Risk Factors Risks Relating to Our Securities Our warrant agreement designates the courts
of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York as the sole and exclusive forum for
certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of our warrants, which could limit the ability of warrant holders
to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our company included in our Prospectus. This provision applies to claims
under the Securities Act but does not apply to claims under the Exchange Act or any claim for which the federal district courts of the
United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. 

Private
placement units 

The private placement units (including the private
placement shares, the private placement warrants and Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of such warrants) will not be transferable
or salable until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination (except, among other limited exceptions to our officers
and directors and other persons or entities affiliated with our sponsor). Holders of our placement units are entitled to certain registration
rights. If we do not consummate an initial business combination by April 11, 2023 (or by October
11, 2023, if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination, or as may be extended by the Shareholder Extension Period,
as applicable) , the proceeds from the sale of the private placement units held in the trust account will be used to fund the redemption
of our public shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law) and the private placement units (and the underlying securities) will
expire worthless. Further, if we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if we receive an ordinary
resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general
meeting of the company. In such case, our initial holders, sponsor and each director and executive officer have agreed to vote their founder
shares, placement shares and any public shares purchased during or after the IPO in favor of our initial business combination. Otherwise,
the placement units are identical to the units sold in the IPO. 

Private
placement warrants 

Except
as described below, the private placement warrants included in the private placement units have terms and provisions that are identical
to those of the warrants being sold as part of the units in the IPO. The private placement warrants (including the Class A ordinary shares
issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants) will not be transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion
of our initial business combination (except pursuant to limited exceptions to our officers and directors and other persons or entities
affiliated with the initial purchasers of the private placement warrants). Any amendment to the terms of the private placement warrants
or any provision of the warrant agreement with respect to the private placement warrants requires a vote of holders of a majority of
the number of the then outstanding warrants. 

In
order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination,
our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may
be required. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into units of the post-business combination entity at a price of 10.00
per unit at the option of the lender. Such units would be identical to the private placement units. 

Dividends 

We
have not paid any cash dividends on our ordinary shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our
initial business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital
requirements and general financial condition after completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends
after our initial business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. Further, if we incur any
indebtedness in connection with a business combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may
agree to in connection therewith. 

Our
Transfer Agent and Warrant Agent 

The
transfer agent for our ordinary shares and warrant agent for our warrants is VStock Transfer, LLC. We have agreed to indemnify VStock
Transfer, LLC in its roles as transfer agent and warrant agent, its agents and each of its shareholders, directors, officers and employees
against all claims and losses that may arise out of acts performed or omitted for its activities in that capacity, except for any claims
and losses due to any gross negligence or intentional misconduct of the indemnified person or entity. 

VStock
Transfer, LLC has agreed that it has no right of set-off or any other right, title, interest or claim of any kind Claim in, or to any distribution of, the trust account and agreed not to seek recourse, reimbursement, payment or satisfaction for any Claim
against the trust account for any reason whatsoever. VStock Transfer, LLC also waived any and all Claims against the trust account and
any and all rights to seek access to the trust account. 

Certain
Differences in Corporate Law 

Cayman
Islands companies are governed by the Companies Act. The Companies Act is modeled on English Law but does not follow recent English Law
statutory enactments, and differs from laws applicable to United States corporations and their shareholders. Set forth below is a summary
of the material differences between the provisions of the Companies Act applicable to us and the laws applicable to companies incorporated
in the United States and their shareholders. 

Mergers
and similar arrangements. In certain circumstances, the Companies Act allows for mergers or consolidations between two Cayman Islands
companies, or between a Cayman Islands exempted company and a company incorporated in another jurisdiction provided that is facilitated
by the laws of that other jurisdiction) so as to form a single surviving company. 

Where
the merger or consolidation is between two Cayman Islands companies, the directors of each company must approve a written plan of merger
or consolidation containing certain prescribed information. That plan or merger or consolidation must then be authorized by either (a)
a special resolution (usually a majority of two-thirds of the voting shares voted at a general meeting) of the shareholders of each company;
or (b) such other authorization, if any, as may be specified in such constituent company s articles of association. No shareholder
resolution is required for a merger between a parent company (i.e., a company that owns at least 90 of the issued shares of each class
in a subsidiary company) and its subsidiary company. The consent of each holder of a fixed or floating security interest of a constituent
company must be obtained, unless the court waives such requirement. If the Cayman Islands Registrar of Companies is satisfied that the
requirements of the Companies Act (which includes certain other formalities) have been complied with, the Registrar of Companies will
register the plan of merger or consolidation. 

Where
the merger or consolidation involves a foreign company, the procedure is similar, save that with respect to the foreign company, the
directors of the Cayman Islands exempted company are required to make a declaration to the effect that, having made due inquiry, they
are of the opinion that the requirements set out below have been met: (i) that the merger or consolidation is permitted or not prohibited
by the constitutional documents of the foreign company and by the laws of the jurisdiction in which the foreign company is incorporated,
and that those laws and any requirements of those constitutional documents have been or will be complied with; (ii) that no petition
or other similar proceeding has been filed and remains outstanding or order made or resolution adopted to wind up or liquidate the foreign
company in any jurisdictions; (iii) that no receiver, trustee, administrator or other similar person has been appointed in any jurisdiction
and is acting in respect of the foreign company, its affairs or its property or any part thereof; and (iv) that no scheme, order, compromise
or other similar arrangement has been entered into or made in any jurisdiction whereby the rights of creditors of the foreign company
are and continue to be suspended or restricted. 

Where the surviving company is the Cayman Islands exempted
company, the directors of the Cayman Islands exempted company are further required to make a declaration to the effect that, having made
due inquiry, they are of the opinion that the requirements set out below have been met: (i) that the foreign company is able to pay its
debts as they fall due and that the merger or consolidated is bona fide and not intended to defraud unsecured creditors of the foreign
company; (ii) that in respect of the transfer of any security interest granted by the foreign company to the surviving or consolidated
company (a) consent or approval to the transfer has been obtained, released or waived; (b) the transfer is permitted by and has been approved
in accordance with the constitutional documents of the foreign company; and (c) the laws of the jurisdiction of the foreign company with
respect to the transfer have been or will be complied with; (iii) that the foreign company will, upon the merger or consolidation becoming
effective, cease to be incorporated, registered or exist under the laws of the relevant foreign jurisdiction; and (iv) that there is no
other reason why it would be against the public interest to permit the merger or consolidation. 

Where
the above procedures are adopted, the Companies Act provides for a right of dissenting shareholders to be paid a payment of the fair
value of his shares upon their dissenting to the merger or consolidation if they follow a prescribed procedure. In essence, that procedure
is as follows: (a) the shareholder must give his written objection to the merger or consolidation to the constituent company before the
vote on the merger or consolidation, including a statement that the shareholder proposes to demand payment for his shares if the merger
or consolidation is authorized by the vote; (b) within 20 days following the date on which the merger or consolidation is approved by
the shareholders, the constituent company must give written notice to each shareholder who made a written objection; (c) a shareholder
must within 20 days following receipt of such notice from the constituent company, give the constituent company a written notice of his
intention to dissent including, among other details, a demand for payment of the fair value of his shares; (d) within seven days following
the date of the expiration of the period set out in paragraph (b) above or seven days following the date on which the plan of merger
or consolidation is filed, whichever is later, the constituent company, the surviving company or the consolidated company must make a
written offer to each dissenting shareholder to purchase his shares at a price that the company determines is the fair value and if the
company and the shareholder agree on the price within 30 days following the date on which the offer was made, the company must pay the
shareholder such amount; and (e) if the company and the shareholder fail to agree on a price within such 30 day period, within 20 days
following the date on which such 30 day period expires, the company (and any dissenting shareholder) must file a petition with the Cayman
Islands Grand Court to determine the fair value and such petition must be accompanied by a list of the names and addresses of the dissenting
shareholders with whom agreements as to the fair value of their shares have not been reached by the company. At the hearing of that petition,
the court has the power to determine the fair value of the shares together with a fair rate of interest, if any, to be paid by the company
upon the amount determined to be the fair value. Any dissenting shareholder whose name appears on the list filed by the company may participate
fully in all proceedings until the determination of fair value is reached. These rights of a dissenting shareholder are not available
in certain circumstances, for example, to dissenters holding shares of any class in respect of which an open market exists on a recognized
stock exchange or recognized interdealer quotation system at the relevant date or where the consideration for such shares to be contributed
are shares of any company listed on a national securities exchange or shares of the surviving or consolidated company. 

Moreover,
Cayman Islands law has separate statutory provisions that facilitate the reconstruction or amalgamation of companies in certain circumstances,
schemes of arrangement that generally will be more suited for complex mergers or other transactions involving widely held companies,
commonly referred to in the Cayman Islands as a scheme of arrangement which may be tantamount to a merger. In the event
that a merger was sought pursuant to a scheme of arrangement (the procedures for which are more rigorous and take longer to complete
than the procedures typically required to consummate a merger in the United States), the arrangement in question must be approved by
a majority in number of each class of shareholders and creditors with whom the arrangement is to be made and who must in addition represent
three-fourths in value of each such class of shareholders or creditors, as the case may be, that are present and voting either in person
or by proxy at a meeting, or meeting summoned for that purpose. The convening of the meetings and subsequently the terms of the arrangement
must be sanctioned by the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands. While a dissenting shareholder would have the right to express to the court
the view that the transaction should not be approved, the court can be expected to approve the arrangement if it satisfies itself that: 

we
are not proposing to act illegally or beyond the scope of our corporate authority and the statutory provisions as to majority vote have
been complied with; 

the
 shareholders have been fairly represented at the meeting in question; 

the
 arrangement is such as a businessperson would reasonably approve; and 

the
 arrangement is not one that would more properly be sanctioned under some other provision
 of the Companies Act or that would amount to a fraud on the minority. 

If
a scheme of arrangement or takeover offer (as described below) is approved, any dissenting shareholder would have no rights comparable
to appraisal rights (providing rights to receive payment in cash for the judicially determined value of the shares), which would otherwise
ordinarily be available to dissenting shareholders of United States corporations. 

Squeeze-out
provisions. The Companies Act also contains a statutory power of compulsory acquisition which may facilitate the squeeze out 
of dissentient minority shareholder upon a tender offer. When a takeover offer is made and accepted by holders of 90 of the shares to
whom the offer relates within four months, the offeror may, within a two-month period, require the holders of the remaining shares to
transfer such shares to the offeror on the terms of the offer. An objection can be made to the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands, but
this is unlikely to succeed in the case of an offer which has been so approved unless there is evidence of fraud, bad faith, collusion
or inequitable treatment of the shareholders. 

Further,
transactions similar to a merger, reconstruction and/or an amalgamation may in some circumstances be achieved through means other than
these statutory provisions, such as a share capital exchange, asset acquisition or control, or through contractual arrangements of an
operating business. 

Shareholders 
suits. Maples and Calder (Hong Kong) LLP, our Cayman Islands legal counsel, is not aware of any reported class action having been
brought in a Cayman Islands court. Derivative actions have been brought in the Cayman Islands courts, and the Cayman Islands courts have
confirmed the availability for such actions. In most cases, we will be the proper plaintiff in any claim based on a breach of duty owed
to us, and a claim against (for example) our officers or directors usually may not be brought by a shareholder. However, based both on
Cayman Islands authorities and on English authorities, which would in all likelihood be of persuasive authority and be applied by a court
in the Cayman Islands, exceptions to the foregoing principle apply in circumstances in which: 

a
 company is acting, or proposing to act, illegally or beyond the scope of its authority; 

the
 act complained of, although not beyond the scope of the authority, could be only effected
 if duly authorized by more than the number of votes which have actually been obtained; or 

those
 who control the company are perpetrating a fraud on the minority. 

A
 shareholder may have a direct right of action against us where the individual rights of that
 shareholder have been infringed or are about to be infringed. 

Enforcement
of civil liabilities. The Cayman Islands has a less prescriptive body of securities laws as compared to the United States and provides
less protection to investors. Additionally, Cayman Islands companies may not have standing to sue before the federal courts of the United
States. 

We
have been advised by Maples and Calder (Hong Kong) LLP, our Cayman Islands legal counsel, that there is uncertainty as to whether the
courts of the Cayman Islands would (i) recognize or enforce judgments of U.S. courts obtained against us or our directors or officers
that are predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or the securities laws of
any state in the United States, or (ii) entertain original actions brought in the Cayman Islands against us or our directors or officers
that are predicated upon the federal securities laws of the United States or the securities laws of any state in the United States. 

We
have also been advised by Maples and Calder (Hong Kong) LLP that although there is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands of
judgments obtained in the federal or state courts of the United States (and the Cayman Islands are not a party to any treaties for the
reciprocal enforcement or recognition of such judgments), a judgment obtained in such jurisdiction will be recognized and enforced in
the courts of the Cayman Islands at common law, without any reexamination of the merits of the underlying dispute, by an action commenced
on the foreign judgment debt in the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands, provided such judgment (i) is given by a foreign court of competent
jurisdiction, (ii) imposes on the judgment debtor a liability to pay a liquidated sum for which the judgment has been given, (iii) is
final, (iv) is not in respect of taxes, a fine or a penalty, and (v) was not obtained in a manner and is not of a kind the enforcement
of which is contrary to natural justice or the public policy of the Cayman Islands. However, the Cayman Islands courts are unlikely to
enforce a judgment obtained from the U.S. courts under civil liability provisions of the U.S. federal securities law if such judgment
is determined by the courts of the Cayman Islands to give rise to obligations to make payments that are penal or punitive in nature.
A Cayman Islands court may stay enforcement proceedings if concurrent proceedings are being brought elsewhere. 

Special
considerations for exempted companies. We are an exempted company with limited liability under the Companies Act. The Companies Act
distinguishes between ordinary resident companies and exempted companies. Any company that is registered in the Cayman Islands but conducts
business mainly outside of the Cayman Islands may apply to be registered as an exempted company. The requirements for an exempted company
are essentially the same as for an ordinary company except for the exemptions and privileges listed below: 

an
 exempted company does not have to file an annual return of its shareholders with the Registrar
 of Companies; 

an
 exempted company s register of members is not open to inspection; 

an
 exempted company does not have to hold an annual general meeting; 

an
 exempted company may issue shares with no par value; 

an
 exempted company may obtain an undertaking against the imposition of any future taxation
 (such undertakings are usually given for 20 years in the first instance); 

an
 exempted company may register by way of continuation in another jurisdiction and be deregistered
 in the Cayman Islands; 

an
 exempted company may register as a limited duration company; and 

an
 exempted company may register as a segregated portfolio company. 

Limited
liability means that the liability of each shareholder is limited to the amount unpaid by the shareholder on the shares of the
company (except in exceptional circumstances, such as involving fraud, the establishment of an agency relationship or an illegal or improper
purpose or other circumstances in which a court may be prepared to pierce or lift the corporate veil). 

Amended
and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association 

Our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association contain provisions designed to provide certain rights and protections relating
to the IPO that will apply to us until the completion of our initial business combination. These provisions cannot be amended without
a special resolution under Cayman Islands law. As a matter of Cayman Islands law, a resolution is deemed to be a special resolution where
it has been approved by either (i) the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds (or any higher threshold specified in a company s
articles of association) of a company s shareholders entitled to vote and so voting at a general meeting for which notice specifying
the intention to propose the resolution as a special resolution has been given; or (ii) if so authorized by a company s articles
of association, by a unanimous written resolution of all of the company s shareholders. Other than as described above, our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that special resolutions must be approved either by at least two-thirds of
our shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company (i.e., the lowest threshold permissible under Cayman Islands
law), or by a unanimous written resolution of all of our shareholders. 

As of March 17, 2023, our initial shareholders beneficially
owned approximately 24 of our ordinary shares, will participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. Specifically, our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association provide, among other things, that: 

If
 we have not consummated an initial business combination by April 11, 2023 (or
 by October 11, 2023, if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination,
 or as may be extended by the Shareholder Extension Period, as applicable) , we will
 (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably
 possible but no more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share
 price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account,
 including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released
 to us to pay our franchise and income taxes that were paid by us or are payable by us, if
 any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of
 the then-issued and outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish
 public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further
 liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following
 such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors,
 liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law
 to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law; 

Prior
 to or in connection with our initial business combination, we may not issue additional securities
 that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii)
 vote as a class with our public shares (a) on our initial business combination or on any
 other proposal presented to shareholders prior to or in connection with the completion of
 an initial business combination or (b) to approve an amendment to our amended and restated
 memorandum and articles of association to (x) extend the time we have to consummate a business
 combination beyond April 11, 2023 (or by October 11, 2023,
 if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination, or as may be extended
 by the Shareholder Extension Period, as applicable) or (y) amend the foregoing provisions; 

Although
 we currently do not intend to enter into a business combination with a target business that
 is affiliated with our sponsor, our directors or our officers, we are not prohibited from
 doing so. In the event we enter into such a transaction, we, or a committee of independent
 directors, will obtain an opinion from independent investment banking firm or another independent
 entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that such a business combination is fair
 to our company from a financial point of view; 

If
 a shareholder vote on our initial business combination is not required by applicable law
 or stock exchange listing requirements and we do not decide to hold a shareholder vote for
 business or other reasons, we will offer to redeem our public shares pursuant to Rule 13e-4
 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, and will file tender offer documents with the SEC
 prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same
 financial and other information about our initial business combination and the redemption
 rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act; 

So
 long as our securities are then listed on Nasdaq, our initial business combination must occur
 with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at
 least 80 of the assets held in the trust account (excluding the amount of deferred underwriting
 discounts held in trust and taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account) at the
 time of the agreement to enter into the initial business combination; 

If
 our shareholders approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles
 of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide
 holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection
 with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not
 complete our initial business combination by April 11, 2023 (or
 by October 11, 2023, if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination,
 or as may be extended by the Shareholder Extension Period, as applicable) or (B) with
 respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary
 shares, we will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion
 of their ordinary shares upon such approval at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal
 to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on
 the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our franchise
 and income taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-issued and outstanding public
 shares, subject to the limitations described herein; and 

We
 will not effectuate our initial business combination solely with another blank check company
 or a similar company with nominal operations. 

In
addition, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that under no circumstances will we redeem our public
shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001. 

The
Companies Act permits a company incorporated in the Cayman Islands to amend its memorandum and articles of association with the approval
of a special resolution which requires the approval of the holders of at least two-thirds of such company s issued and outstanding
ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting or by way of unanimous written resolution. A company s articles of association
may specify that the approval of a higher majority is required but, provided the approval of the required majority is obtained, any Cayman
Islands exempted company may amend its memorandum and articles of association regardless of whether its memorandum and articles of association
provides otherwise. Accordingly, although we could amend any of the provisions relating to our proposed offering, structure and business
plan which are contained in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, we view all of these provisions as binding
obligations to our shareholders and neither we, nor our officers or directors, will take any action to amend or waive any of these provisions
unless we provide dissenting public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares. 

Anti-Money
Laundering Cayman Islands 

If
any person in the Cayman Islands knows or suspects, or has reasonable grounds for knowing or suspecting, that another person is engaged
in criminal conduct or money laundering or is involved with terrorism or terrorist financing and property and the information for that
knowledge or suspicion came to their attention in the course of business in the regulated sector or other trade, profession, business
or employment, the person will be required to report such knowledge or suspicion to (i) the Financial Reporting Authority of the Cayman
Islands, pursuant to the Proceeds of Crime Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands if the disclosure relates to criminal conduct or money
laundering or (ii) a police officer of the rank of constable or higher, or the Financial Reporting Authority, pursuant to the Terrorism
Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands, if the disclosure relates to involvement with terrorism or terrorist financing and property.
Such a report shall not be treated as a breach of confidence or of any restriction upon the disclosure of information imposed by any
enactment or otherwise. 

Data
Protection Cayman Islands 

We
have certain duties under the Data Protection Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands (the DPA based on internationally
accepted principles of data privacy. 

Privacy
Notice 

Introduction 

This
privacy notice puts our shareholders on notice that through investment in the company each shareholder will provide us with certain personal
information which constitutes personal data within the meaning of the DPA personal data ). In the following discussion,
the company refers to us and our affiliates and/or delegates, except where the context requires otherwise. 

Investor
data 

We
will collect, use, disclose, retain and secure personal data to the extent reasonably required only and within the parameters that could
be reasonably expected during the normal course of business. We will only process, disclose, transfer or retain personal data to the
extent legitimately required to conduct our activities on an ongoing basis or to comply with legal and regulatory obligations to which
we are subject. We will only transfer personal data in accordance with the requirements of the DPA, and will apply appropriate technical
and organizational information security measures designed to protect against unauthorized or unlawful processing of the personal data
and against the accidental loss, destruction or damage to the personal data. 

In
our use of this personal data, we will be characterized as a data controller for the purposes of the DPA, while our affiliates
and service providers who may receive this personal data from us in the conduct of our activities may either act as our data processors 
for the purposes of the DPA or may process personal information for their own lawful purposes in connection with services provided to
us. 

We
may also obtain personal data from other public sources. Personal data includes, without limitation, the following information relating
to a shareholder and/or any individuals connected with a shareholder as an investor: name, residential address, email address, contact
details, corporate contact information, signature, nationality, place of birth, date of birth, tax identification, credit history, correspondence
records, passport number, bank account details, source of funds details and details relating to the shareholder s investment activity. 

Who
this affects 

If
you are a natural person, this will affect you directly. If you are a corporate investor (including, for these purposes, legal arrangements
such as trusts or exempted limited partnerships) that provides us with personal data on individuals connected to you for any reason in
relation your investment in the company, this will be relevant for those individuals and you should transmit the content of this Privacy
Notice to such individuals or otherwise advise them of its content. 

How
the company may use a shareholder s personal data 

The
company, as the data controller, may collect, store and use personal data for lawful purposes, including, in particular: 

(a) where
 this is necessary for the performance of our rights and obligations under any purchase agreements; 

(b) where
 this is necessary for compliance with a legal and regulatory obligation to which we are subject
 (such as compliance with anti-money laundering and the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act
 FATCA )/Common Reporting Standard CRS requirements); and 

(c) where
 this is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests and such interests are not
 overridden by your interests, fundamental rights or freedoms. 

Should
we wish to use personal data for other specific purposes (including, if applicable, any purpose that requires your consent), we will
contact you. 

Why
we may transfer your personal data 

In
certain circumstances we may be legally obliged to share personal data and other information with respect to your shareholding with the
relevant regulatory authorities such as the Cayman Islands Monetary Authority or the Tax Information Authority. They, in turn, may exchange
this information with foreign authorities, including tax authorities. 

We
anticipate disclosing personal data to persons who provide services to us and their respective affiliates (which may include certain
entities located outside the United States, the Cayman Islands or the European Economic Area), who will process your personal data on
our behalf. This includes our transfer agent. 

The
data protection measures we take 

Any
transfer of personal data by us or our duly authorized affiliates and/or delegates outside of the Cayman Islands shall be in accordance
with the requirements of the DPA. 

We
and our duly authorized affiliates and/or delegates shall apply appropriate technical and organizational information security measures
designed to protect against unauthorized or unlawful processing of personal data, and against accidental loss or destruction of, or damage
to, personal data. 

We
shall notify you of any personal data breach that is reasonably likely to result in a risk to your interests, fundamental rights or freedoms
or those data subjects to whom the relevant personal data relates. 

Certain
anti-takeover provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association 

Our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that our board of directors is classified into three classes of directors.
As a result, in most circumstances, a person can gain control of our board only by successfully engaging in a proxy contest at two or
more annual general meetings. 

Our
authorized but unissued Class A ordinary shares and preference shares will be available for future issuances without shareholder approval
and could be utilized for a variety of corporate purposes, including future offerings to raise additional capital, acquisitions and employee
benefit plans. The existence of authorized but unissued and unreserved Class A ordinary shares and preference shares could render more
difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise. 

Registration
and Shareholder Rights 

The
holders of the founder shares, private placement shares and private placement warrants, including any of those issued upon conversion
of working capital loans (and any Class A ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the private placement warrants that may be issued
upon conversion of working capital loans) are entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration and shareholder rights agreement
sign in connection with our IPO. The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands,
that we register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to
registration statements filed after our completion of our initial business combination. However, the registration and shareholder rights
agreement provides that we will not permit any registration statement filed under the Securities Act to become effective until termination
of the applicable lockup period, which occurs (i) in the case of the founder shares, as described in the following paragraph, and (ii)
in the case of the private placement units and the respective Class A ordinary shares underlying such units, 30 days after the completion
of our initial business combination. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 

Except
as described herein, our sponsor and each member of our management team have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder
shares until the earliest of (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination and (B) subsequent to our initial
business combination, (x) if the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share
subdivisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day
period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger,
share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of our public shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary
shares for cash, securities or other property. Any permitted transferees will be subject to the same restrictions and other agreements
of our sponsor with respect to any founder shares. We refer to such transfer restrictions as the lock-up. 

In
addition, pursuant to the registration and shareholder rights agreement, our sponsor, upon and following consummation of an initial business
combination, will be entitled to nominate three individuals for appointment to our board of directors, as long as the sponsor holds any
securities covered by the registration and shareholder rights agreement. 

Listing
of Securities 

Our
units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants are listed on Nasdaq under the symbols DECAU , DECA , and DECAW, 
respectively. 

</EX-4.5>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 sa026_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1 

 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) under
the 

 Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

 (Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) 

I, Lei Huang, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Denali Capital Acquisition Corp.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 (Paragraph omitted pursuant to SEC Release Nos. 33-8238/34-47986 and 33-8392/34-49313); 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Lei Huang 

Lei Huang 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 sa026_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2 

 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) under
the 

 Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

 (Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) 

I, You Patrick Sun, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Denali Capital Acquisition Corp.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 (Paragraph omitted pursuant to SEC Release Nos. 33-8238/34-47986 and 33-8392/34-49313); 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ You Patrick Sun 

You Patrick Sun 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 sa026_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADDED BY 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Denali Capital
Acquisition Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the Report ), I, Lei Huang, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350,
as added by 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 To my knowledge, the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

Date: March 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Lei Huang 

Lei Huang 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 sa026_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADDED BY 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Denali Capital
Acquisition Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the Report ), I, You Patrick Sun, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to
18 U.S.C. 1350, as added by 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 To my knowledge, the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

Date: March 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ You Patrick Sun 

You Patrick Sun 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 deca-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 deca-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 deca-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 deca-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

