<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230330_10-K_edgar_data_1753162_0001410578-23-000422.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10027939</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>258129</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1634698</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3192884</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1816786</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2889246</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001410578-23-000422.hdr.sgml : 20230330
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230330070040
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001410578-23-000422
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		99
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230330
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230330

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Fathom Holdings Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001753162
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE AGENTS & MANAGERS (FOR OTHERS) [6531]
		IRS NUMBER:				821518164
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NC
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39412
		FILM NUMBER:		23777119

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2000 REGENCY PARKWAY DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			CARY
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			27518
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8884556040

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2000 REGENCY PARKWAY DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			CARY
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			27518

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001410578-23-000422.txt : 20230330

10-K
 1
 fthm-20221231x10k.htm
 10-K

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the Fiscal Year Ended TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Commission File Number (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its Charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered The Capital Market Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: None Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No Based on the registrant s closing price of 7.84 as quoted on the NASDAQ Capital Market on June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately , Common stock held by each officer and director and by each person known to the registrant who owned 10 or more of the outstanding common stock have been excluded in that such person may be deemed to be affiliates. This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive determination for other purposes. As of March 30, 2023, there were approximately shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding. DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE The registrant intends to file a definitive proxy statement pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. Portions of such proxy statement are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Form 10-K. 

Table of Contents 
 Fathom Holdings Inc. FORM 10-K December 31, 2022 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page PART I 6 Item 1. Business 6 Item 1A. Risk Factors 17 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 34 Item 2. Properties 35 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 35 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 35 PART II 36 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 36 Item 6. Reserved 36 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 37 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 46 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 47 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 47 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 47 Item 9B. Other Information 48 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspection 48 PART III 48 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 48 Item 11. Executive Compensation 48 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 48 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 48 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 48 PART IV 49 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 49 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 50 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES In this Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Report ), and unless the context otherwise requires, Fathom, we, us, our, the Company, our Company and our business refer to Fathom Holdings Inc. and its direct and indirect subsidiaries as of December 31, 2022, taken as a whole. We have a registered trademark with the United States Patent and Trademark Office USPTO for the name and logo of intelliAgent and Fathom Realty , as they relate to real estate and associated industries. All other trade names, trademarks and service marks appearing in this Report are the property of their respective owners. We have assumed that the reader understands that all such terms are source-indicating. Accordingly, such terms, when first mentioned in this Report, appear with the trade name, trademark or service mark notice and then throughout the remainder of this Report without trade name, trademark or service mark notices for convenience only and should not be construed as being used in a descriptive or generic sense. SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This Report contains forward-looking statements that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. All statements, other than statements of historical facts, included in this Report regarding our strategy, future operations, future product research or development, future financial position, future revenues, projected costs, prospects, plans and objectives of management, are forward-looking statements. The words anticipate, believe, goals, estimate, expect, intend, may, might, plan, predict, project, target, potential, will, would, could, should, continue, forecast and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. Forward-looking statements in this Report include, but are not limited to, statements about: the risks associated with government spending, inflation, the Federal Reserve s policies and rate increases, and the unprecedented rapid increase in mortgage interest rates; our ability to remain an innovative leader in the real estate industry; whether or not we are able to effectively manage rapid growth in our business; our ability to prevent security breaches, cybersecurity incidents, and interruptions, delays and failures in our systems and operations; the risks associated with the COVID-19 pandemic; our ability to grow in the various local markets that we serve or expand into adjacent markets; whether or not we are successful in identifying and pursuing new business opportunities; our value proposition for agents, including allowing them to keep more of their commissions than traditional companies do, and receive equity in our Company; our ability to make sure agents understand our value proposition so that we are able to attract, retain and incentivize agents; our ability to attract and retain additional qualified agents and other personnel; our ability to compete effectively with existing and new companies in the real estate industry; the risks associated with making meaningful comparisons of successive quarters; our non-GAAP operating performance, as reported using Adjusted EBITDA, which is not equivalent to net income (loss) as determined under GAAP; our ability to protect the privacy of employees, independent contractors, or consumers or personal information that they share with us so that we do not harm our reputation and business; 
 2 

Table of Contents 
 our ability to be able to expand, maintain and improve the systems and technologies upon which we rely on to operate; if we fail to maintain compliance with the law and regulations of federal, state, foreign, county governmental authorities, or private associations and governing boards; our ability to sell originated loans; our ability to obtain sufficient financing to fund the origination of mortgage loans and grow our mortgage business; our ability to establish and maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting; the risks associated with the loss of our current executive officers or other key management; our ability to protect intellectual property rights; our ability to be able to evaluate potential vendors, suppliers and other business partners for acquisition in order to accelerate growth; our ability to integrate recently acquired businesses; our future revenues and growth prospects and our dependence on other contractors; our ability to obtain sufficient additional capital on reasonable terms in order to grow our business; the risks associated with litigation filed by or against us, and adverse results therefrom; our ability to manage technology that is currently being developed in foreign countries, including Brazil, which makes us subject to certain risks associated with foreign laws and regulations; and other forward-looking statements discussed elsewhere in this Report. 
 We might not actually achieve the plans, intentions or expectations disclosed in our forward-looking statements, and you should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. Actual results or events could differ materially from the plans, intentions and expectations disclosed in the forward-looking statements we make. We have included important factors in the cautionary statements included in this Report, particularly in the section titled Risk Factors included in Item 1A of Part I of this Report, that we believe could cause actual results or events to differ materially from the forward-looking statements that we make. The environment in which we operate is highly competitive and rapidly changing and it is not possible for our management to predict all risks, as new risks emerge from time to time, such as the unprecedented increases in interest rates and the rapidly evolving environment and uncertainties relating to the outbreak and continued concerns revolving around COVID-19. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect new information or future events or developments. You should therefore not rely on these forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any date subsequent to the date of this Report. You also should not assume that our silence over time means that actual events are bearing out as expressed or implied in such forward-looking statements. 
 3 

Table of Contents 
 SUMMARY OF RISK FACTORS Our business is subject to significant risks and uncertainties that make an investment in us speculative and risky. Below we summarize what we believe are the principal risk factors, but these risk factors are not the only ones we face, and you should carefully review and consider the full discussion of our risk factors in the section titled Risk Factors included in Item 1A of Part I of this Report, together with the other information in this Report. If any of the following risks actually occurs (or if any of those listed elsewhere in this Report occur), our business, reputation, financial conditions, results of operations, revenue, and future prospects could be seriously harmed. Risks Related to Our Business If we do not remain an innovative leader in the real estate industry, we might not be able to grow our business and leverage our costs to achieve profitability; We might not be able to effectively manage rapid growth in our business; The lingering effects of the COVID-19 pandemic might have a material adverse effect on our businesses, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity; If we fail to grow in the various local markets that we serve or are unsuccessful in identifying and pursuing new business opportunities our long-term prospects and profitability will be harmed; Our value proposition for agents includes allowing them to keep more of their commissions than traditional companies do, and receive equity in our Company, which is not typical in the real estate industry. If agents do not understand our value proposition, we might not be able to attract, retain and incentivize agents or maintain our agent growth rate, which would adversely affect our revenue growth and results of operations; If we fail to expand effectively into adjacent markets, our growth prospects could be harmed; We have a history of losses, and we might not be able to achieve or sustain profitability; Our recent revenue growth rates might not be indicative of our future growth, and we might not continue to grow at our recent pace, or at all; We currently are using and intend to continue to use Adjusted EBITDA, a non-GAAP financial measure, in reporting our annual and quarterly results of operations; however, Adjusted EBITDA is not equivalent to net income (loss) from operations as determined under GAAP, and shareholders may consider GAAP measures to be more relevant to our operating performance; If we fail to protect the privacy of employees, independent contractors, or consumers or personal information that they share with us, or fail to comply with privacy or data security legal requirements, our reputation and business could be significantly harmed; We participate in a highly competitive market, and pressure from existing and new companies might adversely affect our business and operating results; Listing aggregator concentration and market power creates, and is expected to continue to create, disruption in the residential real estate brokerage industry, which might have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition; Our operating results are subject to seasonality and vary significantly among quarters during each calendar year, making meaningful comparisons of successive quarters difficult; Our business could be adversely affected if we are unable to expand, maintain and improve the systems and technologies upon which we rely to operate; Cybersecurity incidents, data breaches and other privacy/data security incidents could disrupt our business operations, result in the loss or exposure of critical, confidential and/or sensitive information, adversely impact our reputation, result in costly regulatory investigations or litigation, create legal liability and harm our business; Our business, financial condition and reputation may be substantially harmed by security breaches, interruptions, delays and failures in our systems and operations; We face significant risk to our brand and revenue if we fail to maintain compliance with the law and regulations of federal, state, foreign, or county governmental authorities, or private associations and governing boards; Our mortgage business might be unable to sell its originated loans and, in that situation, Fathom will need to service the loans and potentially foreclose on the home by itself or through a third party, and either option could impose significant costs, time, and resources on Fathom. Our inability to sell originated loans could also expose us to adverse market conditions affecting mortgage loans; If we are unable to obtain sufficient financing through warehouse credit facilities to fund origination of mortgage loans, then we may be unable to grow our mortgage business; 
 4 

Table of Contents 
 We might identify material weaknesses in the future that might cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations or result in material misstatements of our financial statements. If we fail to remediate any material weaknesses or if we otherwise fail to establish and maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting, our ability to accurately and timely report our financial results could be adversely affected; We are an emerging growth company, and any decision on our part to comply only with certain reduced reporting and disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies could make our common stock less attractive to investors; Loss of our current executive officers or other key management could significantly harm our business; Employee or agent litigation and unfavorable publicity could negatively affect our future business; Failure to protect intellectual property rights could adversely affect our business; We may evaluate potential vendors, suppliers and other business partners for acquisition in order to accelerate growth but might not succeed in identifying suitable candidates or may acquire businesses that negatively impact us; We have recently acquired businesses that are outside our core competencies as a real estate brokerage, which could be difficult to integrate, disrupt our core business, dilute stockholder value, and adversely affect our operating results and the value of our common stock; Our future revenues and growth prospects could be adversely affected by our dependence on other contractors; We may require additional capital to support business growth, and this capital might not be available on acceptable terms, if at all; Part of our technology is currently being developed in foreign countries, including Brazil, which makes us subject to certain risks associated with foreign laws and regulations; 
 Risks Related to Our Industry Our results are tied to the residential real estate market and we might be negatively impacted by downturns in this market and general global economic conditions; A lack of financing for homebuyers in the U.S. residential real estate market at favorable rates and on favorable terms could have a material adverse effect on our financial performance and results of operations; Potential reform of Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac or certain federal agencies or a reduction in U.S. government support for the housing market could have a material impact on our operations; 
 Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock The requirements of being a public company may strain our resources, divert management s attention, and affect our ability to attract and retain qualified board of director members; Our common stock price might fluctuate significantly, and the price of our common stock might be negatively impacted by factors which are unrelated to our operations; Our amended and restated bylaws provide that, unless we consent in writing, North Carolina state court is, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the sole and exclusive forum for substantially all disputes between us and our shareholders. These choice of forum provisions could limit the ability of shareholders to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or employees; Future sales of shares of our common stock by existing shareholders could depress the market price of our common stock; Joshua Harley, our Chief Executive Officer and Executive Chairman of the Board, together with Marco Fregenal, our President and Chief Financial Officer, and a director, and Glenn Sampson, a significant shareholder and director, own a significant percentage of our stock, and as a result, they can take actions that may be adverse to the interests of the other shareholders and the trading price for our common stock may be depressed; and If securities or industry analysts do not publish or cease publishing research or reports about us, our business or our market, or if they change their recommendations regarding our stock adversely, our stock price and trading volume could decline. 

 5 

Table of Contents 
 PART I Item 1. Business. Overview Fathom Realty LLC was originally founded in January of 2010 and later incorporated as Fathom Holdings Inc. in the state of North Carolina on May 5, 2017. We are a national, technology-driven, real estate services platform integrating residential brokerage, mortgage, title, insurance, and Software as a Service SaaS offerings to brokerages and agents by leveraging our proprietary cloud-based software, intelliAgent. The Company s brands include Fathom Realty, Dagley Insurance, Encompass Lending, intelliAgent, LiveBy, Real Results, and Verus Title. For our core business, Fathom Realty, our low-overhead business model leverages our proprietary software platform for management of real estate brokerage back-office functions, without the cost of physical brick and mortar offices or of redundant personnel. As a result, we are able to offer our agents the ability to keep significantly more of their commissions compared to traditional real estate brokerage firms; we do not split our agents commissions, but rather charge a flat fee per real estate transaction. We believe we offer our agents some of the best technology, training, and support available in the industry. We also offer our agents valuable benefits, including equity in our Company if they achieve growth goals, as well as what we believe is relatively broad and affordable healthcare coverage in many of our markets. We believe our commission structure, business model, advanced technology offerings, and our focus on treating our agents well attract more agents and higher producing agents to join and stay with our Company. Fathom Realty s commission model is designed to empower real estate agents to build a more profitable business by allowing them to keep a high percentage of their commission without sacrificing support, technology, or training. We believe that by simply joining our company, agents from traditional model brokerages can increase their income by over 25 on average. More importantly, agents are able to take that increase and reinvest it into their marketing thereby increasing their number of transactions and revenue which also benefits Fathom. Generally speaking, there are only two ways to make more money in real estate: increase revenue or decrease expenses. In a slowing housing market, it s difficult to increase revenue when agents are fighting over a piece of a smaller pie. Our low flat transaction fee provides agents money to outspend their competition on marketing while netting the same amount of money as an agent at a traditional brokerage. With our low flat transaction fee, even during a decline in the housing market where home sales decline by 20 , we believe most real estate agents can net as much income as they did the year before at a traditional brokerage. In other words, they may close 20 fewer homes but could earn the same income as before. We believe this can prove to be a tailwind for Fathom while it could be a headwind for many traditional brokerages. Traditional brokerage companies retain between 20 and 50 in commission splits from their agents. Below is an example of a traditional brokerage company s commission model assuming a 30 split, versus our commission model. This is an example of potential commission savings and results similar to the example below are not guaranteed. 
 6 

Table of Contents 
 We believe our commission model also allows agents to directly compete against discount brokerages and other disruptive new competitors. The flat transaction fee that we charge to our agents allows our agents to charge whatever commission they need to be highly competitive. We recognize revenue primarily through the commissions that our agents charge their clients. During 2022, from the gross commission income, we kept a flat transaction fee of 500 and the remainder was paid to the agent. Annually for each agent, this 500 transaction fee was charged for the agent s first 12 sales per agent s anniversary year and then 99 per sale for the rest of their anniversary year. For leases, we recognized revenue through lease commissions negotiated between our agents and landlords, and we retained 85 per transaction and the remainder is paid to the agent. In 2022, every agent also paid a fee of 600 on their first sale (recognized in Commission and other agent-related costs over the year), which helps cover our operating costs such as technology, errors and omissions insurance, training, and oversight. In 2022, our average cost to recruit a new agent was 1,000 and our annual cost associated with each agent was 300, so we break even in an agent s first year if he or she completes just two sales. Effective January 1, 2023, our agents pay 550 for each of their first 15 completed sales transactions, up from 500 on their first 12 sales transactions. For each sales transaction after the first 15, our agents will pay 150, up from 99 for the rest of their anniversary year. Under our new Fee Lock Guarantee, our transaction fees will not increase for at least two years from the effective date of the revised fee schedule. We have also discontinued our agent stock grant program effective December 31, 2022, which had provided for our agents to receive 200 in stock grants for every five transactions completed. We currently plan to continue to provide stock grants to agents based on metrics achieved for recruiting new agents. In just thirteen years since we launched our Company, we have grown rapidly with operations in 38 states plus the District of Columbia. We achieved gross commission income of approximately 390.6 million on 16 billion in real estate sales volume in 2022. As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 10,370 licensed agents or brokers working for us. In March of 2022, we were ranked the #6 largest independent real estate brokerage firm and the #10 overall largest brokerage firm in the United States. These rankings were published by The Real Trends Five Hundred based on several criteria including transaction sides, sales volume, affiliation, top movers, core services, and others. Fathom also was listed in the top three of the Top 100 Places to Work in Dallas Fort Worth, five years in a row by the Dallas Morning News. In November of 2020, we finalized our acquisition of Verus Title Inc., a technology-based provider of title insurance services for the residential real estate market Verus ). Verus currently operates in 30 states plus the District of Columbia, utilizing a virtual model with minimal offices, with plans for a full U.S. rollout over the long-term. We have seen and believe this acquisition will continue to have the potential to increase our revenue per agent and per transaction as we integrate Verus into our various markets across the United States. 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 In March 2021, the Company completed its acquisitions of Red Barn Real Estate, LLC Red Barn and Naberly Inc. Naberly ). The acquisition of Red Barn, a real estate brokerage business, has helped to expand our reach in the Atlanta region real estate market. The acquisition of Naberly is facilitating our further development of our proprietary intelliAgent platform to enhance offerings and improve operational efficiency. In April 2021, the Company completed its acquisition of E4:9 Holdings, Inc. E4:9). The acquisition of E4:9 is part of our vision to build a vertically integrated, end-to-end real estate operation by offering mortgage and insurance services to our agents to further serve our customers. Also in April 2021, the Company completed its acquisition of LiveBy, Inc. LiveBy ). We believe the acquisition of LiveBy and its hyperlocal data and technology platform builds credibility for our real estate agents in their respective geographic areas by showcasing their local expertise and helping customers discover the best locations in which to live. In June 2021, the Company completed its acquisition of Epic Realty Epic ). The acquisition of Epic, a real estate brokerage business, has helped us to expand our reach in the Idaho real estate market. We further augmented our realty presence in Idaho with the addition of Woodhouse Group Realty Woodhouse in November 2021. In February 2022, the Company completed its acquisition of iPro Realty Network iPro ). The acquisition of iPro, a real estate brokerage business, has helped us to expand our reach in the Utah real estate market. In February 2022, the Company completed its acquisition of Cornerstone Financial Cornerstone ). The acquisition of Cornerstone, a real estate mortgage business, has helped us to expand our reach in the DC and surrounding markets. Industry Background We primarily operate in the U.S. residential real estate industry, with a market size of over 3.5 trillion with over 6.5 million new and existing properties sold in the United States in 2022. Our agents also opportunistically engage in commercial real estate transactions. We derive the majority of our revenues from serving buyers and sellers of existing homes. According to the National Association of Realtors, or NAR, existing home sales represent approximately 86 of the overall market by number of transactions. The U.S. residential real estate industry has a long history of growth over time, despite periodical downturns like the current one. The following information is based on data published by NAR. This data includes the significant and lengthy downturn from the second half of 2005 through 2011, and in that time frame, the number of annual U.S. existing home sale transactions declined by approximately 39 . Beginning in 2012, the U.S. residential real estate industry began its recovery, and the number of annual U.S. existing home sale units improved by approximately 32 by 2020. Despite this industry growth, we believe that many traditional real estate brokerage companies have business models and practices that hinder their growth and profitability. They often have numerous physical offices throughout the territories they cover, with the associated personnel overhead costs, and have been slow to adopt cost-saving technology in an increasingly price-sensitive and competitive environment. In addition, residential real estate brokerage companies typically realize revenues in the form of a commission that is based on a percentage of the price of each home sold. As a result, while the traditional real estate brokerage companies generally benefit from rising home prices and increasing home sale transactions, they can be adversely impacted by falling home prices. Industry Trends In addition to the negative impacts of recent economic uncertainty and increased interest rates, we believe the following trends have impacted the U.S. real estate market and that their impact will continue to accelerate: according to NAR, 95 of homebuyers use the Internet to search for homes, illustrating the importance of technology and lack of importance of expensive brick and mortar offices to the industry, while only 1 found their agent through the agent s office; 
 nevertheless, according to NAR, 86 of home buyers and 86 of home sellers still used an agent or broker in 2022, down from 87 and 90 in 2021, for various reasons, including the relative size, importance and infrequency of a home sale for any individual; 
 8 

Table of Contents 
 the complexity of the home sale process continues to require the best personal service possible, while technology can make the process and business more efficient; and downturns like the current one are inevitable, favoring companies with lower cost business models that also pay agents higher commissions. 
 Our Strategy Our goal is to be one of the leading 100 commission real estate brokerages in the United States while offering superior customer service, state of the art technology, and a great company culture. We have grown rapidly since inception, and plan to accelerate our growth through the following aspects of our vision: offer full brokerage services via our technology-enabled, low-overhead business model; attract and retain high-producing agents by offering high compensation per transaction and industry-leading benefits; use our publicly traded stock to further incentivize agents; continue to enhance and develop our proprietary software platform to facilitate our own business and potentially increase our revenue by licensing it to others; and pursue further growth through potential acquisitions, including potentially using our publicly traded stock as consideration, depending on its then current value. 
 Technology Fathom Realty operates primarily as a cloud-based real estate brokerage by utilizing our proprietary consumer-facing website, https://www.FathomRealty.com , and our internal proprietary technology, intelliAgent(R), to manage our brokerage operations. Through our website, we provide buyers, sellers, landlords, and tenants with access to all of the available properties for sale or lease on the multiple listing service, or MLS, in each of the markets in which we operate. We provide each of our agents their own personal website that they can modify to match their personal branding. Our website also gives consumers access to our network of professional real estate agents and vendors. Through a combination of our proprietary technology platform and a few third-party systems, we provide our agents with marketing, training, and other support services, as well as client and transaction management. Our technology, services, data, lead generation, and marketing tools are designed to allow our agents to leverage them to represent their real estate clients with best-in-class service. Internally, we use our technology to provide agents with opportunities to increase their profitability, reduce risk, and develop professionally, while fostering a culture that values collaboration, strength of community, and commitment to serving the consumer s best interests. We provide our agents with the systems, support, professional development and infrastructure designed to help them succeed in unpredictable, and often challenging, economic conditions. This includes delivering 24/7 access to collaborative tools and training for real estate agents. Specifically, using advanced Internet-based software, we can improve compliance and oversight while providing, at no cost to our agents, technology tools and services to our agents and their customers, including: a robust, mobile-friendly, customer-facing corporate website providing access to view all homes for sale and lease in the markets that we serve, with the ability to search and save favorite properties and receive alerts for new properties that fit their criteria; a customizable, mobile-friendly, agent website with home search, lead capture, and blogging capabilities; an advanced customer relationship management system, with visitor tracking, property alerts, and customer communication, all designed to help convert leads into customers; social media tools to enhance agent marketing and visibility; 
 9 

Table of Contents 
 streamlined solicitation, collection, verification and posting of customer testimonials; single property websites for our agents listings; a wide array of on-demand training modules for the professional development of agents at all levels of experience; and agent access to intelliAgent(R), which is described in more detail below. 
 Our proprietary intelliAgent(R) real estate technology platform is designed to provide a suite of brokerage and agent level tools, technology, business processes, business intelligence and reporting, training. IntelliAgent includes, but is not limited to consumer facing websites, transaction management, personnel management, customer relationship management, accounting management for agent transactions, reporting, social media marketing and other marketing and marketing repository, along with a future marketplace for add-on services and third-party technology. Our intelliAgent rollout strategy began with the core technology needed by every real estate brokerage to manage its agents, its agents transactions, commission structures, payments, and compliance, as well as the ability to gain a better understanding as to what is happening in the business through business intelligence and robust reporting. IntelliAgent has since grown to include brokerage and agent level websites, content creation and management, customer relationship management, social media marketing, agent reviews, training platform, and marketing repository. Our technology roadmap includes our own fully-integrated e-signature platform, goal setting and accountability for agents, expense tracking for agents, and APIs for integration with additional third-party tools. We intend for intelliAgent to be more than just a technology platform for Fathom; we might someday use a simplified version of intelliAgent as a platform to unify independent brokerages through a smarter broker network allowing them to effectively compete against larger regional and national brands. This should allow us to monetize a portion of our technology and generate revenue from small to medium sized brokerages and agents who would not otherwise join our company. We believe that intelliAgent also provides us with the platform needed to more fully integrate our mortgage, title, and insurance companies that are part of Fathom Holdings. This deeper integration is designed to encourage a higher level of agent adoption and use of our various services companies and therefore create a better agent experience, customer experience, and generate higher revenues for our company and add value for our shareholders. In addition to building intelliAgent internally, in March 2021 we acquired Naberly, a home search website and customer relationship management technology company, to help us achieve technology independence, which further enhanced our proprietary intelliAgent platform to give us a stronger competitive advantage. Naberly allowed us to further improve our operational efficiency while reducing costs from third party providers. Offering even more robust technology to help our agents grow their businesses is a key strategy to continuing our solid agent growth trajectory. In the future, we also intend to roll out an enhanced version of the Naberly platform to launch a national real estate portal to help generate leads for our Fathom agents, as well as non-Fathom agents, in the markets in which we are not currently operating. In order to develop and accelerate the growth of agents joining Fathom, we developed the Fathom Talent Acquisition Platform. The Fathom Talent Acquisition Platform combines people, technology and process. Fathom has built an extensive database of potential agents who we believe would fit the Fathom culture and benefit from joining the Company. A content marketing strategy keeps these candidates up to date on the latest developments and offers that may be of interest to them in growing their business. Additionally, a team of experienced recruiters focuses on personally introducing and sharing the Fathom brands value proposition with real estate professionals across the country. The team works within a customer relationship management system to nurture longer term opportunities, as well as convert immediate hires. These elements are designed to build brand awareness and position Fathom as the brokerage of choice for agents when making career choices. 
 10 

Table of Contents 
 Our Focus on Agents We believe that agents deliver unique value to the specific customers they serve in different ways depending upon the knowledge, skills or niche of the agent and the needs and desires of the customers. We also believe that customers work with agents because of the agent s skills and service individually and generally place greater weight on those individual skill sets, service levels and style than they do on the brokerage brand with which the agent is affiliated. Therefore, we focus to a great degree on serving our agents, so that we attract and retain the best in the industry. In a recent study by NAR, only 1 of home sellers chose their agent because of the brand they are with. We believe home buyers and sellers choose the agent because of their individual marketing prowess, professionalism, and personality. To capitalize on this, we focus on helping our agents improve professionally and increase their financial ability to invest in their personal marketing, and therefore capture a greater market share. We believe our business model is particularly attractive to productive agents, as illustrated by the Fathom agent information set forth in the following chart: Cost Structure The lower overall cost of operating our business virtually has enabled us to offer our agents a 100 commission model. We charge each agent a flat fee per real estate transaction. Consequently, this higher commission paid to our agents combined with our unique delivery of support services and the flexibility it provides for agents has facilitated our growth over the past several years. We also differentiate ourselves by not charging our agents royalties or franchise fees. A commission calculator on our website allows agents to determine how much money they could make if they join our company. We believe we offer agents further opportunity to increase their overall revenue and income, because they can invest the additional income earned under our fee structure in incremental marketing. 
 11 

Table of Contents 
 Our Markets Currently, our market is the United States. We currently operate in 37 states plus the District of Columbia: 

Alabama Louisiana Ohio Arizona Maryland Oklahoma Arkansas Massachusetts Oregon California Michigan South Carolina Colorado Minnesota Tennessee Florida Missouri Texas Georgia Montana Utah Hawaii Nebraska Virginia Idaho Nevada Washington Illinois New Hampshire West Virginia Iowa New Jersey Wisconsin Indiana New Mexico Washington D.C. Kentucky North Carolina We primarily target urban or suburban cities or regions with populations of at least 50,000, of which there are approximately 775 in the United States. We believe this provides us opportunity for continued growth. We have expanded rapidly since our inception thirteen years ago. As we continue to expand, we might also target smaller rural markets as well as move into Canada. Competition The residential real estate brokerage industry is highly competitive with low barriers to entry for new participants. We believe that recruitment and retention of independent sales agents and independent sales agent teams are critical to the business and financial results of a brokerage. Competition for independent sales agents in our industry is high and has intensified particularly for the more productive independent sales agents. Competition for independent sales agents is generally subject to numerous factors, including remuneration and benefits, other expenses borne by independent sales agents, leads or business opportunities generated for the independent sales agent from the brokerage, independent sales agents perception of the value of the broker s brand affiliation, marketing and advertising efforts by the brokerage or franchisor, technology, continuing professional education, and other services provided by the brokerage or franchisor. We compete with three major categories of competitors: national independent real estate brokerages, franchisees of national and regional real estate franchisors, regional independent real estate brokerages, and discount and limited-service brokerages; companies that employ technologies intended to disrupt the traditional brokerage model or eliminate agents from, or minimize the role they play in, the home sale transaction, such as through the reduction of brokerage commissions; and other non-traditional models that operate outside of the brokerage industry, such as companies that leverage capital to purchase homes directly from sellers. 

 12 

Table of Contents 
 Many of our competitors are much larger than us, with more capital to fund growth and survive downturns like the current one, and greater brand awareness. Some of our competitors are also increasingly well-funded, which strengthens their competitive position and ability to offer aggressive compensation arrangements to top-performing sales agents. Moreover, a growing number of companies are competing in non-traditional ways for a portion of the gross commission income generated by home sale transactions. For example, listing aggregators and other web-based real estate service providers not only compete with our business by establishing relationships with independent sales agents and/or buyers and sellers of homes, they also increasingly charge brokerages and independent sales agents for advertising on their sites. Our ability to successfully compete is important to our prospects for growth. Our ability to compete may be affected by the recruitment, retention and performance of independent sales agents, the location of offices and target markets, the services provided to independent sales agents, the fees charged to independent sales agents, the number and nature of competing offices in the vicinity, affiliation with a recognized brand name, community reputation, technology and other factors. Our success may also be affected by national, regional and local economic conditions. Intellectual Property We have a registered trademark with the USPTO for the name and logo of intelliAgent and Fathom Realty , as they relate to real estate and associated industries. We also own the rights to the domain names FathomHoldings.com, FathomRealty.com, FathomCareers.com, intelliAgent.com, Naberly.com, and LiveBy.com. We have developed and own the intelliAgent software. We also license lesser third-party software, but none of which we believe is critical to our ability to compete or operate effectively. While we currently utilize these vendors to provide our services in the short-term, we believe other alternatives are available in the longer term, should they be needed, to license or develop replacement technology. Our March 2021 acquisition of Naberly is designed to reduce our need for third party software. If necessary, we will aggressively assert our rights under trade secret, unfair competition, trademark and copyright laws to protect our intellectual property. We protect these rights through trademark law, the maintenance of trade secrets, the development of trade dress, and, where appropriate, litigation against those who are, in our opinion, infringing these rights. While there can be no assurance that we will be able to protect our proprietary rights and information, we intend to assert our intellectual property rights against any infringement. While an assertion of our rights could result in a substantial cost and diversion of management effort, we believe the protection and defense against infringement of our intellectual property rights are essential to our business. There is also risk that someone else will claim that we are violating their intellectual property rights, which could cost money and time to defend, even if we are successful. Seasonality of Business Seasons and weather traditionally impact the real estate industry. Continuous poor weather or natural disasters negatively impact listings and sales. Spring and summer seasons historically reflect greater sales periods in comparison to fall and winter seasons. The latter periods also tend to see greater agent attrition. We have historically experienced lower revenues during the fall and winter seasons, as well as during periods of unseasonable weather, which reduces our operating income, net income, operating margins and cash flow. Real estate listings precede sales and a period of poor listing activity will negatively impact revenue. Past performance in similar seasons or during similar weather events can provide no assurance of future or current performance, and macroeconomic shifts in the markets we serve can conceal the impact of poor weather and/or seasonality. Home sales in successive quarters can fluctuate widely due to a wide variety of factors, including holidays, national or international emergencies, the school year calendar s impact on timing of family relocations, interest rate changes, speculation of pending interest rate changes and the overall macroeconomic market. Our revenue and operating margins each quarter will remain subject to seasonal fluctuations, poor weather, natural disasters and macroeconomic market changes that may make it difficult to compare or analyze our financial performance effectively across successive quarters. 
 13 

Table of Contents 
 Furthermore, the residential real estate market and the real estate industry in general is often cyclical, characterized by protracted periods of depressed home values, lower buyer demand, inflated rates of foreclosure and often changing regulatory or underwriting standards applicable to mortgages. The best example of this was the significant downturn in the U.S. residential real estate market between 2005 and 2011. Such depressed real estate cycles are often followed by extended periods of higher buyer demand, lower available real estate supply and increasing home values. While we believe we are well-positioned to compete during a downturn, our business is affected by these cycles in the residential real estate market, which can make it difficult to compare or analyze our financial performance effectively across successive periods. Government Regulation We serve the residential real estate industry which is regulated by federal, state and local authorities as well as private associations or state sponsored associations or organizations. We are required to comply with federal, state, and local laws, as well as private governing bodies regulations, which, when combined, result in a highly-regulated industry. We are also subject to federal and state regulations relating to employment, contractor, and compensation practices. Except for our employed state agents, all agents in our brokerage operations have been retained as independent contractors, either directly or indirectly through third-party entities formed by these independent contractors for their business purposes. With respect to these independent contractors, like most brokerage firms, we are subject to the Internal Revenue Service regulations and applicable state law guidelines regarding independent contractor classification. These regulations and guidelines are subject to judicial and agency interpretation. Real Estate Regulation - Federal The Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act of 1974, as amended, or RESPA, became effective on June 20, 1975. RESPA requires lenders, mortgage agents, or servicers of home loans to provide borrowers with pertinent and timely disclosures regarding the nature and costs of the real estate settlement process. RESPA also protects borrowers against certain abusive practices, such as kickbacks, and places limitations upon the use of escrow accounts. RESPA also requires detailed disclosures concerning the transfer, sale, or assignment of mortgage servicing, as well as disclosures for mortgage escrow accounts. The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, or the Dodd-Frank Act, moved authority to administer RESPA from the Department of Housing and Urban Development to the new Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, or the CFPB. The CFPB released a five-year strategic plan in February 2018 indicating that it intends to continue to focus on protecting consumer rights while engaging in rulemaking to address unwarranted regulatory burdens. As a result, the regulatory framework of RESPA applicable to our business may be subject to change. The Dodd-Frank Act also increased regulation of the mortgage industry, including: (i) generally prohibiting lenders from making residential mortgage loans unless a good faith determination is made of a borrower s creditworthiness based on verified and documented information; (ii) requiring the CFPB to enact regulations to help assure that consumers are provided with timely and understandable information about residential mortgage loans that protect them against unfair, deceptive and abusive practices; and (iii) requiring federal regulators to establish minimum national underwriting guidelines for residential mortgages that lenders will be allowed to securitize without retaining any of the loans default risk. In addition, federal fair housing laws generally make it illegal to discriminate against protected classes of individuals in housing or brokerage services. Other federal laws and regulations applicable to our business include (i) the Federal Truth in Lending Act of 1969; (ii) the Federal Equal Credit Opportunity; (iii) the Federal Fair Credit Reporting Act; (iv) the Fair Housing Act; (v) the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act; (vi) the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act; (vii) the Consumer Financial Protection Act; (viii) the Fair and Accurate Credit Transactions Act; and (ix) the Do Not Call/Do Not Fax Act and other federal and state laws pertaining to the privacy rights of consumers, which affects our opportunities to solicit new clients. Real Estate Regulation - State and Local Level Real estate and brokerage licensing laws and requirements vary from state to state. In general, all individuals and entities lawfully conducting businesses as real estate agents or sales associates must be licensed in the state in which they carry on business and must at all times be in compliance. States require a real estate broker to be employed by the brokerage firm or permit an independent contractor classification, and the broker may work for another broker conducting business on behalf of the sponsoring broker. 
 14 

Table of Contents 
 States may require a person licensed as a real estate agent, sales associate or salesperson to be affiliated with a broker in order to engage in licensed real estate brokerage activities or allow the agent, sales associate or salesperson to work for another agent, sales associate or salesperson conducting business on behalf of the sponsoring agent, sales associate or salesperson. Agents, sales associates or salespersons are generally classified as independent contractors; however, real estate firms can also offer employment. Engaging in the real estate brokerage business requires obtaining a real estate broker license (although in some states the licenses are personal to individual agents). In order to obtain this license, most jurisdictions require that a member or manager be licensed individually as a real estate broker in that jurisdiction. If applicable, this member or manager is responsible for supervising the entity s licensees and real estate brokerage activities within the state. Real estate licensees, whether they are salespersons, individuals, agents or entities, must follow the state s real estate licensing laws and regulations. These laws and regulations generally specify minimum duties and obligations of these licensees to their clients and the public, as well as standards for the conduct of business, including contract and disclosure requirements, record keeping requirements, requirements for local offices, escrow trust fund management, agency representation, advertising regulations and fair housing requirements. In each of the states where we have operations, we assign appropriate personnel to manage and comply with applicable laws and regulations. Most states have local regulations (city or county government) that govern the conduct of the real estate brokerage business. Local regulations generally require additional disclosures by the parties to a real estate transaction or their agents, or the receipt of reports or certifications, often from the local governmental authority, prior to the closing or settlement of a real estate transaction as well as prescribed review and approval periods for documentation and broker conditions for review and approval. Third-Party Rules Beyond federal, state and local governmental regulations, the real estate industry is subject to rules established by private real estate groups and/or trade organizations, including, among others, state Associations of REALTORS(R) (AOR), and local Associations of REALTORS(R) (AOR), the National Association of Realtors(R) (NAR), and local Multiple Listing Services (MLSs). REALTOR and REALTORS are registered trademarks of the National Association of REALTORS(R). Each third-party organization generally has prescribed policies, bylaws, codes of ethics or conduct, and fees and rules governing the actions of members in dealings with other members, clients and the public, as well as how the third-party organization s brand and services may or might not be deployed or displayed. Human Capital As of December 31, 2022, we had 279 full-time employees. Our operations are overseen directly by management. Our management oversees all responsibilities in the areas of corporate administration, training, agent relations, business development, technology, and research. We intend to expand and retain our current management and skilled employees with experience relevant to our businesses. As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 10,370 licensed agents and brokers whom we classify as independent contractors. None of our employees or agents are represented by unions, and we believe our employee and agent relations are good. 
 15 

Table of Contents 
 Information about our Executive Officers The following table sets forth current information concerning our executive officers: 

Name Age Position Joshua Harley 46 Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, Director Marco Fregenal 59 President and Chief Financial Officer, Director Samantha Giuggio 53 Chief Operations Officer of Fathom Realty Joshua Harley Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, Director Joshua Harley, our founder, has been our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer since 2010. From 2007 to 2009, Mr. Harley served as Chief Executive Officer and Founder of Texas Home Central. Prior to that, Mr. Harley was an Internet Manager at Highland Homes from 2005 to 2007. From 2003 to 2005, Mr. Harley served as Founder and President of Everdrive Solutions, assisting automotive dealerships with outsourced internet sales and training. From 1995 until 2003, Mr. Harley served in the United States Marine Corps as an Infantry Sergeant, Instructor at the School of Infantry, and a Hand-to-Hand Combat Instructor. Marco Fregenal President and Chief Financial Officer, Director Marco Fregenal has been our Chief Financial Officer since 2012. He has also served as our President since January 1, 2018. Prior to this, Mr. Fregenal served as our Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer from May 1, 2012 to December 31, 2017. Prior to joining our company, Mr. Fregenal served as Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer of EvoApp Inc, a provider of social media business intelligence, from 2009 to 2012. He was also the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial officer of Carpio Solutions, an information technology solutions company, from 2007 to 2009. Mr. Fregenal received a B.S. in economics from Rutgers University and a Masters in Econometrics and Operations Research from Monmouth University. Samantha Giuggio Chief Broker Operations Officer Samantha Giuggio has served as our Chief Operations Officer for Fathom Realty since June 2019. Prior to this, she served as Senior Vice President from October 2015 to June 2019. From April 2014 to October 2015, Ms. Giuggio served as our Regional Vice President and Vice President of Operations. She also served as our District Director RDU from February 2013 to April 2014. She served as an Agent and Group Leader Training Coordinator with us prior to this. Ms. Giuggio received an associate s degree in hospitality management from Holyoke Community College. Other Information We make available, free of charge through our website, our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and all amendments to those reports as soon as is reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains these reports at www.sec.gov. Our corporate website address is www.fathominc.com . The information contained in, or that can be accessed through, our website is not part of this Report. 
 16 

Table of Contents 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors. An investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully the risks and uncertainties described below together with the other information included in this Report, including our consolidated financial statements and the related notes thereto included elsewhere in this Report. The occurrence of any of the following risks may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, reputation and future prospects. In this event, the market price shares of our common stock could decline, and you could lose part or all of your investment. Risks Related to Our Business If we do not remain an innovative leader in the real estate industry, we might not be able to grow our business and leverage our costs to achieve profitability. Innovation has been critical to our ability to compete for clients and real estate agents. If competitors follow our practices or develop more innovative practices, our ability to achieve profitability may diminish or erode. For example, certain other brokerages could develop or license cloud-based office platforms that are equal to or superior to ours. If we do not remain on the forefront of innovation, we might not be able to achieve or sustain profitability, particularly in the current environment of economic uncertainty and increased interest rates, which are having a negative effect on the real estate industry. The market for Internet products and services is characterized by rapid technological developments, evolving industry standards and customer demands, and frequent new product introductions and enhancements. Our future success will depend in significant part on our ability to continually improve the performance, features and reliability of our technological developments in response to both evolving demands of the marketplace and competitive product offerings, and there can be no assurance that we will be successful in doing so. We might not be able to effectively manage rapid growth in our business. We might not be able to scale our business services and support quickly enough to meet the growing needs of our real estate agents. If we are not able to grow efficiently, our operating results could be harmed. As we add new agents and make acquisitions, we will need to devote additional financial and human resources to improving our internal systems, integrating with third-party systems, and maintaining infrastructure performance. In addition, we will need to appropriately scale our internal business systems and our services organization, including support of our affiliated agents as our demographics expand over time. Any failure of, or delay in, these efforts could cause impaired system performance and reduced satisfaction from our agents. These issues could result in difficulty in both attracting and retaining agents. Even if we are able to upgrade our systems and expand our staff, such expansion may be expensive, complex, and place increasing demands on our management. We could also face inefficiencies or operational failures as a result of our efforts to scale our infrastructure and we might not be successful in maintaining adequate financial and operating systems and controls as we expand. Moreover, there are inherent risks associated with upgrading, improving and expanding our information technology systems. We cannot be sure that the expansion and improvements to our infrastructure and systems will be fully or effectively implemented on a timely basis, if at all. These efforts may reduce revenue and our margins and adversely impact our financial results. Continued growth could also strain our ability to maintain reliable service levels for our users and advertisers, develop and improve our operational, financial, and management controls, enhance our reporting systems and procedures, and recruit, train, and retain highly skilled personnel. Our products are accessed by a large number of users often at the same time. If the use of our marketplace continues to expand, we might not be able to scale our technology to accommodate increased capacity requirements, which might result in interruptions or delays in service. The failure of our systems and operations to meet our capacity requirements could result in interruptions or delays in service or impede our ability to scale our operations. These issues could result in difficulty in both attracting and retaining agents. Even if we are able to upgrade our systems and expand our staff, such expansion may be expensive, complex, and place increasing demands on our management. We could also face inefficiencies or operational failures as a result of our efforts to scale our infrastructure and we might not be successful in maintaining adequate financial and operating systems and controls as we expand. Moreover, there are inherent risks associated with upgrading, improving and expanding our information technology systems. We cannot be sure that the expansion and improvements to our infrastructure and systems will be fully or effectively implemented on a timely basis, if at all. These efforts may reduce revenue and our margins and adversely impact our financial results. 
 17 

Table of Contents 
 The lingering effects of the COVID-19 pandemic might have a material adverse effect on our businesses, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. Since early 2020, the COVID-19 pandemic has had a profound effect on the global economy and financial markets. This unprecedented situation has created considerable risks and uncertainties for the U.S. real estate services industry in general and for the Company in particular, including those arising from the potential adverse effects on the economy as well as risks related to employees, independent agents, and consumers. The extent of the continued impact of the pandemic on our business and financial results will depend largely on future developments, including the extent and duration of the spread of the outbreak (including new variants), the extent of governmental regulation (including, but not limited to, mandated shelter in place or other regulations that, for example, preclude or strictly limit open houses or in-person showings of properties), the impact on capital and financial markets and the related impact on consumer confidence and spending, and the magnitude of the financial and operational consequences to our agents and brokers, all of which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. If we fail to grow in the various local markets that we serve or are unsuccessful in identifying and pursuing new business opportunities our long-term prospects and profitability will be harmed. To capture and retain market share in the various local markets that we serve, we must compete successfully against other brokerages for agents and for the consumer relationships that they bring. Our competitors could lower the fees that they charge to agents or could raise the compensation structure for those agents. Our competitors may have access to greater financial resources than us, allowing them to undertake expensive local advertising or marketing efforts. In addition, our competitors may be able to leverage local relationships, referral sources, and strong local brand and name recognition that we have not established. Our competitors could, as a result, have greater leverage in attracting both new and established agents in the market and in generating business among local consumers. Our ability to grow in the local markets that we serve will depend on our ability to compete with these local brokerages. We may implement changes to our business model and operations to improve revenues that cause a disproportionate increase in our expenses or reduce profit margins. For example, we may allocate resources to acquire lower margin brokerage models or develop a commercial real estate division, or a continuing education division. These decisions could involve significant up-front costs that may only be recovered after lengthy periods of time. In addition, any of these additional activities could expose us to additional compliance obligations and regulatory risks. If we fail to continue to grow in the local markets we serve or if we fail to successfully identify and pursue new business opportunities, our long-term prospects, financial condition and results of operations may be harmed, and our stock price may decline. Our value proposition for agents includes allowing them to keep more of their commissions than traditional companies do, and receive equity in our Company, which is not typical in the real estate industry. If agents do not understand our value proposition, we might not be able to attract, retain and incentivize agents or maintain our agent growth rate, which would adversely affect our revenue growth and results of operations . Participation in our commission plan represents a key component of our agent and broker value proposition. Agents might not understand or appreciate our value. In addition, agents might not appreciate other components of our value proposition including the systems and tools that we provide to agents, and the professional development opportunities we create and deliver. We compete with many other real estate brokerages for qualified agents and if agents do not understand the elements of our agent value proposition, or do not perceive it to be more valuable than the models used by most competitors, we might not be able to attract, retain and incentivize new and existing agents to grow our revenues. This could also negatively impact our agent growth rate. Our net licensed agent and broker base grew by approximately 28 from 8,100 licensed agents and brokers at December 31, 2021, to 10,370 licensed agents and brokers at December 31, 2022. Because we derive revenue from real estate transactions in which our agents receive commissions, increases in our licensed agent base correlate to increases in revenues, and the rate of growth of our revenue correlates to the rate of growth of our licensed agent base. A slowdown in our licensed agent growth rate would have a material adverse effect on revenue growth and could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 18 

Table of Contents 
 If we fail to expand effectively into adjacent markets, our growth prospects could be harmed. We intend to expand our operations into adjacent markets, such as rentals, mortgages, and home improvement, and into additional U.S. geographic markets, as well as potentially someday international geographies. We may incur losses or otherwise fail to enter these markets successfully. Our expansion into these markets will place us in competitive environments with which we are unfamiliar and involves various risks, including the need to invest significant resources and the possibility that returns on such investments will not be achieved for several years, or at all. In attempting to establish a presence in new markets, we expect to incur significant expenses and face various other challenges, such as expanding our sales force and management personnel to cover these markets. We have a history of losses, and we might not be able to achieve or sustain profitability. We experienced net losses of approximately 27.6 million and 12.5 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. We cannot guarantee when or if we will achieve sustained profitability, particularly in light of current economic uncertainty and increased interest rates. We expect to make significant future expenditures to develop and expand our business. In addition, as a public company, we incur significant legal, accounting, and other expenses that we did not have as a private company. These expenditures make it harder for us to achieve and maintain future profitability. Our recent growth in revenue might not be sustainable, and we might not achieve sufficient revenue to achieve or maintain profitability. We could incur significant losses in the future for a number of reasons, including the other risks described in this Report, and we may encounter unforeseen expenses, difficulties, complications and delays and other unknown events. Accordingly, we might not be able to achieve or maintain profitability and we may incur significant losses for the foreseeable future. Our recent revenue growth rates might not be indicative of our future growth, and we might not continue to grow at our recent pace, or at all. For the year ended December 31, 2022, our revenue grew to 413 million from 330 million, which represents an annual growth rate of approximately 25.1 . In the future, our revenue might not grow as rapidly as it has over the past several years. We believe that our future revenue growth will depend, among other factors, on our ability to: acquire additional agents and collect additional commissions to existing agents; attract a growing number of agents to our website and other cloud-based applications; increase our brand awareness; successfully develop and deploy new products for the residential real estate industry; integrate acquired companies, including those offering new ancillary services, such as title, insurance, and mortgage into our product offerings to increase our revenue per agent transaction; maximize our sales personnel s productivity; respond effectively to competitive threats; and successfully expand our business into adjacent markets. 
 We might not be successful in our efforts to do any of the foregoing, and any failure to be successful in these matters could materially and adversely affect our revenue growth. Our past revenue growth should not be considered to be indicative of our future growth. We currently are using and intend to continue to use Adjusted EBITDA, a non-GAAP financial measure, in reporting our annual and quarterly results of operations; however, Adjusted EBITDA is not equivalent to net income (loss) from operations as determined under GAAP, and shareholders may consider GAAP measures to be more relevant to our operating performance. As part of our reporting of our annual and quarterly results of operations, we publish and intend to continue to publish measures compiled in accordance with GAAP as well as non-GAAP financial measures, along with a reconciliation between the GAAP and 
 19 

Table of Contents 
 non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciling items adjust amounts reported in accordance with GAAP for certain items which are described in detail in our published results of operations. Our financial statements themselves do not and will not contain any non-GAAP financial measures. Specifically, we use Adjusted EBITDA, which we use to mean net income (loss), excluding other income (expense), income taxes expense (benefit), depreciation and amortization, share-based compensation expense and transaction-related costs. In particular, we believe the exclusion of share-based compensation expense related to restricted stock awards and stock options provides a useful supplemental measure in evaluating the performance of our operations and provides better transparency into our results of operations. We believe that our non-GAAP financial measures are meaningful to investors when analyzing our results of operations as this is a key metric used by our management for financial and operational decision-making. The market price of our stock may fluctuate based on future non-GAAP results if investors base their investment decisions on such non-GAAP financial measures. If we decide to alter or discontinue the use of non-GAAP financial measures in reporting our annual and quarterly results of operations, the market price of our stock could be adversely affected if investors analyze our performance in a different manner. If we fail to protect the privacy of employees, independent contractors, or consumers or personal information that they share with us, or fail to comply with privacy or data security legal requirements, our reputation and business could be significantly harmed. Tens of thousands of consumers, independent contractors, and employees have shared personal information with us during the normal course of our business processing residential real estate transactions. This includes, but is not limited to, social security numbers, annual income amounts and sources, consumer names, addresses, telephone and cell phone numbers, and email addresses. The application, disclosure and safeguarding of this information is regulated by federal and state privacy laws. To comply with privacy laws, we invested resources and adopted a privacy policy outlining policies and procedures for the use of safeguarding personal information. This policy includes informing consumers, independent contractors and employees that we will not share their personal information with third parties without their consent unless required by law. Privacy policies and compliance with federal and state privacy laws presents risk and we could incur legal liability for failing to maintain compliance. We might not become aware of all privacy laws, changes to privacy laws, or third-party privacy regulations governing the real estate business or be unable to comply with all of these regulations, given the rate of regulatory changes, ambiguities in regulations, contradictions in regulations between jurisdictions, and the difficulties in achieving both company-wide and region-specific knowledge and compliance. Our policy and safeguards could be deemed insufficient if third parties with whom we have shared personal information fail to protect the privacy of that information. Our legal liability could include significant defense costs, settlement costs, damages and penalties, plus, damage our reputation with consumers, which could significantly damage our ability to attract and maintain customers. Any or all of these consequences would result in meaningful unfavorable impact on our brand, business model, revenue, expenses, income and margins. We participate in a highly competitive market, and pressure from existing and new companies might adversely affect our business and operating results. The market to provide home listings and marketing services for the residential real estate industry is highly competitive and fragmented. Homes are not typically marketed exclusively through any single channel. Consumers can access home listings and related data through more than one source. Accordingly, current and potential competitors could aggregate a set of listings similar to ours. We compete with online real estate marketplaces, such as Zillow and Realtor.com, other real estate websites, and traditional offline media. We compete to attract consumers primarily on the basis of the number and quality of listings; user experience; the breadth, depth, and relevance of insights and other content on homes, neighborhoods, and professionals; brand and reputation; and the quality of mobile products. We compete to attract real estate professionals primarily on the basis of the quality of the website and mobile products, the size and attractiveness of the consumer audience, the quality and measurability of the leads we generate, the perceived return on investment we deliver, and the effectiveness of marketing and workflow tools. We also compete for advertisers against other media, including print media, television and radio, social networks, search engines, other websites, and email marketing. We compete primarily on the basis of the size and attractiveness of the audience; pricing; and the ability to target desired audiences. 
 20 

Table of Contents 
 Many of our existing and potential competitors have substantial competitive advantages, such as: greater scale; stronger brands and greater name recognition; longer operating histories; more financial, research and development, sales and marketing, and other resources; more extensive relationships with participants in the residential real estate industry, such as brokers, agents, and advertisers; strong relationships with third-party data providers, such as multiple listing services and listing aggregators; access to larger user bases; and larger intellectual property portfolios. 
 These advantages could be all the more important in light of current economic uncertainties and increased interest rates. The success of our competitors could result in fewer users visiting our website and mobile applications, the loss of subscribers and advertisers, price reductions for our subscriptions and display advertising, weaker operating results, and loss of market share. Our competitors also might be able to provide users with products that are different from or superior to those we can provide, or to provide users with a broader range of products and prices. There is also intense competition in the related businesses we recently expanded into via acquisitions, including insurance, title insurance, mortgage, lead generation, and other ancillary services. We added these services to our platform to enable our agents to offer critical ancillary services to their clients, but also to gain new and significant incremental revenue streams and enhance our revenues per transaction. Our efforts to create a more complete transaction experience for consumers through these services will require significant integration and coordination on our part and might not result in increased revenues or earnings, particularly if competitors offer more attractive rates or are perceived as offering a better transactional experience by agents or consumers. This increased competition could stall our growth in these areas. We expect increased competition if our market continues to expand. In addition, current or potential competitors might be acquired by third parties with greater resources than ours, which would further strengthen these current or potential competitors and enable them to compete more vigorously or broadly with us. If we are not able to compete effectively, our business and operating results will be materially and adversely affected. Listing aggregator concentration and market power creates, and is expected to continue to create, disruption in the residential real estate brokerage industry, which might have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. The concentration and market power of the top real estate listing aggregators allow them to monetize their platforms by a variety of actions, including expanding into the brokerage business, charging significant referral fees, charging listing and display fees, diluting the relationship between agents and brokers and between agents and the consumer, tying referrals to use of their products, consolidating and leveraging data, and engaging in preferential or exclusionary practices to favor or disfavor other industry participants. These actions divert and reduce the earnings of other industry participants, including Fathom and our agents. One dominant listing aggregator has introduced an iBuying offering to consumers and recently launched a brokerage with employee sales agents in several locations to support this offering, and has joined many local MLSs as a participating broker to gain electronic access directly to real estate listings rather than relying on disparate electronic feeds from other brokers participating in the MLSs or MLS syndication feeds. If this listing aggregator or another aggregator is successful in gaining market share with such offering, it could control significant industry inventory and an increasing portion of agent referrals, including the ability to direct referrals to agents and brokers that share revenue with them. In addition, this listing aggregator may attempt to use its growing access to key data spanning the home buying experience to displace or pre-empt its competitors before they can reach customers. 
 21 

Table of Contents 
 Aggregators could intensify their current business tactics or introduce new programs that could be materially disadvantageous to our business and other brokerage participants in the industry including, but not limited to: broadening and/or increasing fees for their programs that charge brokerages and their affiliated sales agents fees including, referral, listing, display, advertising and related fees or introducing new fees for new or existing services; setting up competing brokerages and/or expanding their offerings to include products (including agent tools) and services ancillary to the real estate transaction, such as title, escrow and mortgage origination services, that compete with services offered by us; not including our or our franchisees listings on their websites; controlling significant inventory and agent referrals, tying referrals to use of their products, and/or engaging in preferential or exclusionary practices to favor or disfavor other industry participants; utilizing their aggregated data for competitive advantage and/or establishing oppressive contract terms, including with respect to data sharing requirements; and/or disintermediating our relationship with affiliated franchisees and independent sales agents and/or the relationship between the independent sales agent and the buyers and sellers of homes. 
 Such tactics could further increase pressures on our revenues and profitability, and the profitability of our agents, which could harm our business and results of operations. Our operating results are subject to seasonality and vary significantly among quarters during each calendar year, making meaningful comparisons of successive quarters difficult. Seasons and weather traditionally impact the real estate industry. Spring and summer seasons historically reflect greater sales activity in comparison to fall and winter seasons. We have historically experienced lower revenues during the fall and winter seasons, as well as during periods of unseasonable weather, which reduces our operating income, net income, operating margins and cash flow. Real estate listings precede sales and a period of poor listings activity will negatively impact revenue. Past performance in similar seasons or during similar weather events can provide no assurance of future or current performance, and macroeconomic shifts in the markets we serve can conceal the impact of seasonality. Home sales in successive quarters can fluctuate widely due to a wide variety of seasonal factors, including holidays, and the school year calendar s impact on timing of family relocations. Our revenue and operating margins each quarter (including downstream revenue at our title, insurance and mortgage groups) will remain subject to seasonal fluctuations, which may make it difficult to compare or analyze our financial performance effectively across successive quarters. 
 22 

Table of Contents 
 Our business could be adversely affected if we are unable to expand, maintain and improve the systems and technologies upon which we rely to operate. As the number of our agents and acquired companies and business lines grow, our success will depend on our ability to expand, maintain and improve the technology that supports our business operations, including, but not limited to, our cloud office platform. Loss of key personnel or the lack of adequate staffing with the requisite expertise and training could impede our efforts in this regard. If our systems and technologies lack capacity or quality sufficient to service agents and their clients, then the number of agents who wish to use our products could decrease, the level of client service and transaction volume afforded by our systems could suffer, and our costs could increase. In addition, if our systems, procedures or controls are not adequate to provide reliable, accurate and timely financial and other reporting, we might not be able to satisfy regulatory scrutiny or contractual obligations with third parties and may suffer a loss of reputation. Any of these events could negatively affect our financial position. Cybersecurity incidents, data breaches and other privacy/data security incidents could disrupt our business operations, result in the loss or exposure of critical, confidential and/or sensitive information, adversely impact our reputation, result in costly regulatory investigations or litigation, create legal liability and harm our business. Cybersecurity incidents, data breaches and other types of privacy/data security incidents are not uncommon in our industry due to the nature of our industry s services, the volume of sensitive information involved, and the desirability of that information to bad actors. Incidents involving phishing, hacking and unintentional exposure of sensitive information, among others, can and do occur. Cybersecurity and other threats directed at us could range from uncoordinated individual attempts to gain unauthorized access to information technology systems to sophisticated and targeted measures aimed at disrupting business or gathering personal data of customers, employees, contractors and other individuals. Recent high-profile ransomware attacks are examples of the kinds of cybersecurity risks we face. In the ordinary course of our business, we collect and store sensitive data, including proprietary business information and personal information about our customers, employees and contractors. Our business, and particularly our cloud-based platform, is reliant on the uninterrupted functioning of our information technology systems. The secure processing, maintenance, and transmission of information are critical to our operations, especially the processing and closing of real estate transactions. Although we employ measures designed to prevent, detect, address, and mitigate these threats (including access controls, data encryption, vulnerability assessments, and maintenance of backup and protective systems), cybersecurity incidents and other privacy/data security incidents, depending on their nature and scope, could potentially result in the misappropriation, destruction, corruption, or unavailability of critical data and confidential or proprietary information (our own or that of third parties, including potentially sensitive personal information of our customers) and the disruption of business operations. Any such compromises to our security could cause harm to our reputation, which could cause customers to lose trust and confidence in us or could cause agents to stop working for us. In addition, we may incur significant costs for remediation that may include liability for stolen assets or information, repair of system damage, and compensation to customers and business partners. We may also be subject to legal claims, government investigation, and additional state and federal statutory requirements. Like others in our industry, we experience privacy/data security incidents, such as cybersecurity incidents and other attempts to disrupt or gain unauthorized access to our systems on a regular basis and instances of unauthorized or inadvertent access to or disclosure of sensitive personal information. When we become aware of privacy/data security incidents, we work diligently to address them, including by working to terminate unauthorized or inappropriate access and implementing additional measures and operational changes to avoid reoccurrence and future incidents. The consequences of a material privacy/data security incident can include violations of applicable privacy or data security laws, reputational damage, loss of market value, costly litigation with third parties (which could result in our exposure to material civil or criminal liability) and regulatory investigations, diminution in the value of the services we provide to our customers, and increased cybersecurity protection and remediation costs (that may include liability for stolen assets or information), which in turn could have a material adverse effect on our competitiveness and results of operations. 
 23 

Table of Contents 
 Our business, financial condition and reputation may be substantially harmed by security breaches, interruptions, delays and failures in our systems and operations. The performance and reliability of our systems and operations are critical to our reputation and ability to attract agents and teams of agents to join our Company as well as our ability to service home buyers and sellers. Our systems and operations are vulnerable to security breaches, interruption or malfunction due to certain events beyond our control, including natural disasters, such as earthquakes, fire and flood, power loss, telecommunication failures, break-ins, sabotage, computer viruses, intentional acts of vandalism and similar events. In addition, we rely on third-party vendors to provide the cloud office platform and to provide additional systems and related support. If we cannot continue to retain these services on acceptable terms, our access to these systems and services could be interrupted. Any security breach, interruption, delay or failure in our systems and operations could substantially reduce the transaction volume that can be processed with our systems, impair quality of service, increase costs, prompt litigation and other consumer claims, and damage our reputation, any of which could substantially harm our financial condition. We face significant risk to our brand and revenue if we fail to maintain compliance with the law and regulations of federal, state, foreign, or county governmental authorities, or private associations and governing boards. We operate in a heavily regulated industries with regulated labor classifications which present significant risk in general for each potential instance where we fail to maintain compliance. Our agents can be classified as either employees or independent contractors, and we could potentially misclassify or fail to consistently achieve compliance. Classifications and compliance are subject to the Internal Revenue Service regulations and applicable state law guidelines and penalties. Classifications, regulations and guidelines for agents are subject to judicial and agency interpretation as well as periodic changes. Changes, or any indication of changes, may adversely impact our workforce classifications, expenses, compensation, commission structure, roles and responsibilities and broker organization. Beyond workforce regulations and classifications, there exist complex, heavily regulated federal, state and local authority laws, regulations and policies governing our real estate business , as well as our title, title insurance, insurance, mortgage, lead generation, and other ancillary services . In general, the laws, rules and regulations that apply to our business practices include, without limitation, the federal Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act, or RESPA, the federal Fair Housing Act, the Dodd-Frank Act, and federal advertising and other laws, as well as comparable state statutes; rules of trade organization such as NAR, local MLSs, and state and local AORs; licensing requirements and related obligations that could arise from our business practices relating to the provision of services other than real estate brokerage services, including our title, insurance and mortgage businesses ; privacy regulations relating to our use of personal information collected from the registered users of our websites; laws relating to the use and publication of information through the Internet; and state real estate brokerage licensing requirements, as well as statutory due diligence, disclosure, record keeping and standard-of-care obligations relating to these licenses. The U.S. Department of Justice has opened an anti-trust investigation of some of our biggest competitors, and they are defendants in related lawsuits that could negatively impact our industry. Additionally, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act contains the Mortgage Reform and Anti-Predatory Lending Act, or the Mortgage Act, which imposes a number of additional requirements on lenders and servicers of residential mortgage loans, by amending certain existing provisions and adding new sections to RESPA and other federal laws. It also broadly prohibits unfair, deceptive or abusive acts and practices, and knowingly or recklessly providing substantial assistance to a covered person in violation of that prohibition. The penalties for noncompliance with these laws are also significantly increased by the Mortgage Act, which could lead to an increase in lawsuits against mortgage lenders and servicers. Maintaining legal compliance is challenging and increases our costs due to resources required to continually monitor business practices for compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations, and to monitor changes in the applicable laws themselves. We might not be aware of all the laws, rules and regulations that govern our business, or be able to comply with all of them, given the rate of regulatory changes, ambiguities in regulations, contradictions in laws and regulations between jurisdictions, and the difficulties in achieving both company-wide and region-specific knowledge and compliance. 
 24 

Table of Contents 
 If we fail, or we have been alleged to have failed, to comply with any existing or future applicable laws, rules and regulations, we could be subject to lawsuits and administrative complaints and proceedings, as well as criminal proceedings. Our noncompliance could result in significant defense costs, settlement costs, damages and penalties. Additionally, our business licenses could be suspended or revoked, our business practices enjoined, or we could be required to modify our business practices, which could materially impair, or even prevent, our ability to conduct all or any portion of our business. Any such events could also damage our reputation and impair our ability to attract and service home buyers, home sellers and agents, as well our ability to attract brokerages, teams of agents and individual agents to our Company, without increasing our costs. Further, if we lose our ability to obtain and maintain all of the regulatory approvals and licenses necessary to conduct business as we currently operate, our ability to conduct business may be harmed. Lastly, any lobbying or related activities we undertake in response to mitigate liability of current or new regulations could substantially increase our operating expenses. Our mortgage business might be unable to sell its originated loans and, in that situation, Fathom will need to service the loans and potentially foreclose on the home by itself or through a third party, and either option could impose significant costs, time, and resources on Fathom. Our inability to sell originated loans could also expose us to adverse market conditions affecting mortgage loans. Our mortgage business, Encompass Lending Group, intends to sell the mortgage loans that it originates to investors in the secondary mortgage market. Our ability to sell originated loans in the secondary market and receive net proceeds from the sale that exceed the loan amount depends largely on there being sufficient liquidity in the secondary market. While the residential real estate market has been impacted by the recent increase in real estate mortgage interest rates, the secondary market for mortgage loans is still stable. However, the secondary market can experience negative impact if interest rates move faster than the market can adjust as occurred in 2008 and 2009, which could negatively impact our business. To the extent that we are unable to sell originated loans, we would be exposed to adverse market conditions affecting mortgage loans. For example, we may be required to write down the value of the loan, which reduces the amount of our current assets. Additionally, if we borrowed under a warehouse credit facility for the loan, then we will be required to repay the borrowed amount, which reduces our cash on hand that is available for other corporate uses. Finally, if a homeowner were unable to make his or her mortgage payments, then we may be required to foreclose on the home securing the loan. We do not currently have processes to foreclose a home, and we may be unable to establish such processes or retain a third party on economically feasible terms to foreclose the home. Furthermore, any proceeds from selling a foreclosed home may be significantly less than the remaining amount of the loan due to us. If we are unable to obtain sufficient financing through warehouse credit facilities to fund origination of mortgage loans, then we may be unable to grow our mortgage business. We rely on borrowings from warehouse credit facilities to fund substantially all of the mortgage loans that our mortgage business originates. To grow, our mortgage business depends, in part, on having sufficient borrowing capacity under current facilities or obtaining additional borrowing capacity under new facilities. The borrowing capacity under one or more of our current facilities may be reduced if we fail to comply with a facility s ongoing obligations, including failing to satisfy financial covenants and cross-default clauses. If we were unable to receive the necessary capacity on acceptable terms and did not have sufficient liquidity or established operations to fund originations ourselves, then we may be unable to maintain or increase the amount of mortgage loans that we originate, which will adversely affect the growth of our mortgage business. 
 25 

Table of Contents 
 We might identify material weaknesses in the future that might cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations or result in material misstatements of our financial statements. If we fail to remediate any material weaknesses or if we otherwise fail to establish and maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting, our ability to accurately and timely report our financial results could be adversely affected. In the future, we might identify future material weaknesses in our internal controls over financial reporting or fail to meet the demands that will be placed upon us as a public company, including the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and we may be unable to accurately report our financial results, or report them within the timeframes required by law or stock exchange regulations. We cannot provide assurance that material weaknesses will not exist or otherwise be discovered, any of which could adversely affect our reputation, financial condition and results of operations. We are an emerging growth company, and any decision on our part to comply only with certain reduced reporting and disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies could make our common stock less attractive to investors. We are an emerging growth company, as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act enacted in April 2012, and, for as long as we continue to be an emerging growth company, we may choose to take advantage of exemptions from various reporting requirements applicable to other public companies but not to emerging growth companies, including, but not limited to, not being required to have our independent registered public accounting firm audit our internal control over financial reporting under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years following the completion of our initial public offering IPO in 2020, although, if we have more than 1.07 billion in annual revenue, if the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of June 30 of any year, or we issue more than 1.0 billion of non-convertible debt over a three-year period before the end of that five-year period, we would cease to be an emerging growth company as of the following December 31. We cannot predict if investors will find our common stock less attractive if we choose to rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result of any choices to reduce future disclosure, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and our stock price may be more volatile. Under the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act, emerging growth companies can delay adopting new or revised accounting standards until such time as those standards apply to private companies. We have irrevocably elected not to avail ourselves of this exemption from new or revised accounting standards, and, therefore, we will be subject to the same new or revised accounting standards as other public companies that are not emerging growth companies. Loss of our current executive officers or other key management could significantly harm our business. We depend on the industry experience and talent of our current executives, including our Founder and Chief Executive Officer Joshua Harley, and President and Chief Financial Officer Marco Fregenal. We also rely on individuals in key management positions within our operations, finance, and technology teams. We believe that our future results will depend, in part, upon our ability to retain and attract highly skilled and qualified management. The loss of our executive officers or any key personnel could have a material adverse effect on our operations because other officers might not have the experience and expertise to readily replace these individuals. To the extent that one or more of our top executives or other key management personnel depart from our company, our operations and business prospects may be adversely affected. In addition, changes in executives and key personnel could be disruptive to our business. We do not have any key person insurance. 
 26 

Table of Contents 
 Employee or agent litigation and unfavorable publicity could negatively affect our future business. Our employees or agents may, from time to time, bring lawsuits against us alleging injury, creating a hostile workplace, discrimination, wage and hour disputes, sexual harassment, or other employment issues. In recent years there has been an increase in the number of discrimination and harassment claims against companies generally. Coupled with the expansion of social media platforms and similar devices that allow individuals access to a broad audience, these claims can have a significant negative impact on some businesses. Certain companies that have faced such lawsuits have terminated management or other key personnel as a result and have suffered reputational harm that has negatively impacted their business. If we were to face any claims, our business could be negatively affected. Failure to protect intellectual property rights could adversely affect our business. Our intellectual property rights, including existing and future trademarks, trade secrets and copyrights, are important assets of the business. We have taken measures to protect our intellectual property, but these measures might not be sufficient or effective. We may bring lawsuits to protect against the potential infringement of our intellectual property rights and other companies, including our competitors, could make claims against us alleging our infringement of their intellectual property rights. There can be no assurance that we would prevail in such lawsuits. Any significant impairment of our intellectual property rights could harm our business. We may evaluate potential vendors, suppliers and other business partners for acquisition in order to accelerate growth but might not succeed in identifying suitable candidates or may acquire businesses that negatively impact us. As part of our growth strategy, we may evaluate the potential acquisition of businesses offering products or services that complement our services offerings. If we identify a business that we deem to be suitable for acquisition and complete an acquisition, our evaluation may prove faulty, and the acquisition may prove unsuccessful. In addition, an acquisition may prove unsuccessful if we fail to effectively execute a post-acquisition integration strategy. We may be unable to successfully integrate the systems and personnel of the acquired businesses. An acquisition could negatively impact our culture or undermine its core values. Acquisitions could disrupt our existing operations or cause management to divert its focus from our core business. An acquisition could cause potentially dilutive issuances of equity securities, incurrence of debt, contingent liabilities or could cause us to assume or incur unknown or unforeseen liabilities. From time to time, we intend to evaluate other brokerages for acquisition in order to accelerate growth and might not succeed in identifying suitable candidates or we may acquire brokerages that negatively impact us. We have recently acquired businesses that are outside our core competencies as a real estate brokerage, which could be difficult to integrate, disrupt our core business, dilute stockholder value, and adversely affect our operating results and the value of our common stock. In the past few years, we have made acquisitions outside our core real estate brokerage competency, including Verus Title Inc., Naberly Solutions, LiveBy, Inc., E4:9 Holdings, Inc. and Cornerstone. These acquisitions present challenges that, should we fail to understand or address them adequately, could result in not achieving the expected financial results of these acquisitions, including for many of them failing to result in improved agent acquisition and retention, as well as increased revenue per agent transitions. Those acquisitions that are less established businesses as Fathom carry the additional risk of not having a long track record of success. In addition, integrating the operations, technologies, services and personnel of acquisitions takes time and resources, and could disrupt our core business by the diversion of financial and managerial resources from existing operations. If we fail to properly integrate these acquisitions, we might not achieve the anticipated benefits of these acquisitions or future acquisitions. Our future revenues and growth prospects could be adversely affected by our dependence on other contractors. Our business is highly dependent on a few significant technology vendors. In the event we were to lose one of our significant vendor partners, our business could be adversely affected because we could be forced to move this technology to another vendor, which would take significant time away from management running our core business. Our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected by the loss of one key relationship, as it would take a significant amount of time to replace this relationship with uncertain results. 
 27 

Table of Contents 
 We may require additional capital to support business growth, and this capital might not be available on acceptable terms, if at all. We intend to continue to make investments to support our business growth and may require additional funds to respond to business challenges, including the need to develop new features and products or enhance our existing products, improve our operating infrastructure, or acquire complementary businesses and technologies. Accordingly, we might need to engage in equity or debt financings to secure additional funds. If we raise additional funds through future issuances of equity or convertible debt securities, our existing shareholders could suffer significant dilution, and any new equity securities we issue could have rights, preferences, and privileges superior to those of holders of our common stock. Any debt financing we secure in the future could involve restrictive covenants relating to our capital raising activities and other financial and operational matters, which might make it more difficult for us to obtain additional capital and to pursue business opportunities, including potential acquisitions. We might not be able to obtain additional financing on terms favorable to us, if at all. If we are unable to obtain adequate financing or financing on terms satisfactory to us when we require it, our ability to continue to support our business growth and to respond to business challenges could be impaired, and our business might be harmed. We are subject to certain risks related to litigation filed by or against us, and adverse results might harm our business and financial condition. The real estate industry often involves litigation, ranging from individual lawsuits by unhappy buyers or sellers to large class actions and government investigations, like those some of our biggest competitors are currently facing for alleged anti-trust law violations. We often are involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of business. We cannot predict with certainty the cost of our defense, the cost of prosecution, insurance coverage, or the ultimate outcome of litigation and other proceedings filed by or against us, including remedies or damage awards. Adverse results in such litigation and other proceedings might harm our business and financial condition. Such litigation and other proceedings may include, but are not limited to, actions relating to intellectual property, commercial arrangements, negligence and fiduciary duty claims arising from our brokerage operations, actions against our title company for defalcations on closing payments or claims against the title agent contending that the agent knew or should have known that a transaction was fraudulent or that the agent was negligent in addressing title defects or conducting settlement, standard brokerage disputes like the failure to disclose hidden defects in a property such as mold, vicarious liability based upon conduct of individuals or entities outside of our control, including our agents, third-party service or product providers, antitrust claims, general fraud claims, employment law claims, including claims challenging the classification of our agents as independent contractors and compliance with wage and hour regulations, and claims alleging violations of RESPA or state consumer fraud statutes. In addition, class action lawsuits can often be particularly burdensome given the breadth of claims, large potential damages and significant costs of defense. In the case of intellectual property litigation and proceedings, adverse outcomes could include the cancellation, invalidation or other loss of material intellectual property rights used in our business and injunctions prohibiting our use of business processes or technology that is subject to third-party patents or other third-party intellectual property rights. In addition, we may be required to enter into licensing agreements (if available on acceptable terms) and be required to pay royalties. The real estate industry generates a lot of litigation, which could harm our business, reputation, operating results, and liquidity. We have general liability and an errors and omissions insurance policy to help protect us against claims of inadequate work or negligent action. However, this insurance might not continue to be available to us on commercially reasonable terms or at all, or a claim otherwise covered by our insurance may exceed our coverage limits, or a claim might not be covered at all. We may be subject to errors or omissions claims that could have an adverse effect on us. Moreover, defending a suit, regardless of its merits, could entail substantial expense and require the time and attention of key management personnel. 
 28 

Table of Contents 
 We might experience significant claims relating to our operations, and losses resulting from fraud, defalcation or misconduct. We issue title insurance policies covering real property to mortgage lenders and buyers of real property. When acting as a title agent issuing a policy on behalf of an underwriter, our insurance risk is typically limited to the first five thousand dollars for claims on any one policy, though our insurance risk is not limited if we are negligent. To date, we have experienced claims losses that are significantly below the industry average; however, our claims experience could increase in the future, which could negatively impact our profitability. We may also be subject to legal claims or additional claims losses arising from the handling of escrow transactions and closings by our owned title agency. We carry errors and omissions insurance for errors made by our title and escrow companies, by our company owned brokerage business during the real estate settlement process, and by us related to real estate services. The occurrence of a significant number of claims in any given period could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations during the period. In addition, insurance carriers may dispute coverage for various reasons and there can be no assurance that all claims will be covered by insurance. Fraud, defalcation and misconduct by employees are also risks inherent in our business, particularly given the high transactional volumes in our company owned brokerage, title, escrow and settlement services and relocation operations. To the extent that any loss or theft of funds substantially exceeds our insurance coverage, our business could be materially adversely affected. We might use interest rate derivatives from time to time to manage our exposure to interest rate risks associated with our mortgage business. To manage the risks associated with fluctuating interest rates, we may from time to time invest in derivative instruments in an attempt to offset this risk of volatility, but no hedging strategy can protect us completely. We cannot assure our shareholders that our hedging strategy and the derivatives that we use will adequately offset the risk of interest rate volatility or that our hedging of these transactions will not result in losses. If we are not effective in hedging this volatility, we may experience an increase in our costs of borrowing and our business could be materially adversely affected. Part of our technology is currently being developed in foreign countries, including Brazil, which makes us subject to certain risks associated with foreign laws and regulations. We currently develop portions of our technology in Brazil and could in the future conduct operations in foreign jurisdictions. Conducting business in foreign countries involves inherent risks, including, but not limited to: difficulties in staffing, funding and managing foreign operations; unexpected changes in regulatory requirements; export restrictions; tariffs and other trade barriers; difficulties in protecting, acquiring, enforcing and litigating intellectual property rights; fluctuations in currency exchange rates; and potentially adverse tax consequences. If we were to experience any of the difficulties listed above, or any other difficulties, any international development activities and our overall financial condition may suffer. Risks Related to Our Industry Our results are tied to the residential real estate market and we might be negatively impacted by downturns in this market and general global economic conditions. The residential real estate market tends to be cyclical and typically is affected by changes in general macroeconomic conditions which are beyond our control. These conditions include short-term and long-term interest rates, inflation, fluctuations in debt and equity capital markets, levels of unemployment, consumer confidence, geopolitical stability and the general condition of the U.S. and the global economy. The residential real estate market also depends upon the strength of financial institutions, which are sensitive to changes in the general macroeconomic and regulatory environment. Lack of available credit or lack of confidence in the financial sector could impact the residential real estate market, which in turn could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 29 

Table of Contents 
 For example, although the U.S. residential real estate market has improved in the years after the significant and prolonged downturn that began in the second half of 2008 and continued through 2011, the COVID-19 pandemic significantly impacted the U.S. residential real estate market during the spring of 2020 with home sales in April and May declining to levels unseen since the recession of the late 2000 s. More recently, while U.S. residential home sales rebounded sharply beginning in June 2020 and overall 2020, they declined sharply in the latter half of 2022 as interest rates rose and economic uncertainties increased. We cannot predict whether the market will improve. If the residential real estate market or the economy as a whole does not continue to improve, we may experience adverse effects on our business, financial condition and liquidity, including our ability to access capital and grow our business. Any of the following could cause further decline in the housing or mortgage markets and have a material adverse effect on our business by causing periods of lower growth or a decline in the number of home sales or home prices which, in turn, could adversely affect our revenue and profitability: an increase in the unemployment rate; a decrease in the affordability of homes due to changes in interest rates, home prices, and rates of wage and job growth; slow economic growth or recessionary conditions; weak credit markets; low consumer confidence in the economy or the residential real estate market; instability of financial institutions; legislative, tax or regulatory changes that would adversely impact the residential real estate or mortgage markets, including but not limited to potential reform relating to Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac and other government sponsored entities, or GSEs, that provide liquidity to the U.S. housing and mortgage markets; increasing mortgage rates, like we have experienced recently, and increasing down payment requirements or constraints on the availability of mortgage financing, including but not limited to the potential impact of various provisions of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, or the Dodd-Frank Act, or other legislation and regulations that may be promulgated thereunder relating to mortgage financing, including restrictions imposed on mortgage originators, as well as retention levels required to be maintained by sponsors to securitize certain mortgages; excessive or insufficient home inventory levels on a regional level; high levels of foreclosure activity, including but not limited to the release of homes already held for sale by financial institutions; adverse changes in local or regional economic conditions, including potential impacts from the COVID-19 pandemic; the inability or unwillingness of homeowners to enter into home sale transactions due to negative equity in their existing homes; demographic changes, such as a decrease in household formations, lower turnover in the housing market due to homeowners staying in the same home longer than in the past, or slowing rate of immigration or population growth; decrease in home ownership rates, declining demand for real estate and changing social attitudes toward home ownership; changes in local, state and federal laws or regulations that affect residential real estate transactions or encourage ownership, including but not limited to changes in tax law in late 2017 that limit the deductibility of certain mortgage interest expense, the application of the alternative minimum tax, and real property taxes and employee relocation expense; or 
 30 

Table of Contents 
 acts of nature, such as hurricanes, earthquakes and other natural disasters that disrupt local or regional real estate markets and which may, in some circumstances lead us to waive certain fees in impacted areas. 
 The continued decline in global economic conditions could also materially impact the revenue of our recently acquired businesses, including insurance, title insurance, mortgage, lead generation, and other ancillary services. For example, revenues of our newly acquired insurance business rely on premiums and commission rates set by insurers. These premiums and commissions are cyclical in nature and may vary widely based on market condition. Volatility or declines in market condition, or any other adverse trends in the insurance industry, could have a negative impact on the profitability of our insurance business . A lack of financing for homebuyers in the U.S. residential real estate market at favorable rates and on favorable terms could have a material adverse effect on our financial performance and results of operations. Our business is significantly impacted by the availability of financing at favorable rates or on favorable terms for homebuyers, which may be affected by government regulations and policies. For example, residential mortgage interest rates rose significantly through the end of 2022, negatively impacting our business. Certain potential reforms such as the U.S. federal government s conservatorship of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, proposals to reform the U.S. housing market, attempts to increase loan modifications for homeowners with negative equity, monetary policy of the U.S. government, increases in interest rates and the Dodd-Frank Act may adversely impact the housing industry, including homebuyers ability to finance and purchase homes. The monetary policy of the U.S. government, and particularly the Federal Reserve Board, which regulates the supply of money and credit in the United States, significantly affects the availability of financing at favorable rates and on favorable terms, which in turn affects the domestic real estate market. Policies of the Federal Reserve Board can affect interest rates available to potential homebuyers. Further, we are affected by any rising interest rate environment. Changes in the Federal Reserve Board s policies, the interest rate environment and mortgage market are beyond our control, are difficult to predict, and could restrict the availability of financing on reasonable terms for homebuyers, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Since December 2015, the Federal Open Market Committee of the Federal Reserve Board has raised the target range for federal funds 18 times, including three times in 2017, four times in 2018, seven times in 2022 and two times in 2023, after leaving the federal funds interest rate near zero since late 2008. The pace of future increases in the federal funds rate is uncertain, although the Federal Open Market Committee has indicated it expects additional increases to occur in 2023 and beyond. Historically, changes in the federal funds rate have led to changes in interest rates for other loans, but the extent of the impact on the future availability and price of mortgage financing cannot be predicted with certainty. Furthermore, many lenders significantly tightened their underwriting standards since the real estate downturn, and many subprime and other alternative mortgage products are no longer common in the marketplace. If these mortgage loans continue to be difficult to obtain, including in the jumbo mortgage markets, the ability and willingness of prospective buyers to finance home purchases or to sell their existing homes could be adversely affected, which would adversely affect our operating results. The Dodd-Frank Act, which was passed to more closely regulate the financial services industry, created the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau CFPB ), an independent federal bureau, which enforces consumer protection laws, including various laws regulating mortgage finance. The Dodd-Frank Act also established new standards and practices for mortgage lending, including a requirement to determine a prospective borrower s ability to repay a loan, removing incentives to originate higher cost mortgages, prohibiting prepayment penalties for non-qualified mortgages, prohibiting mandatory arbitration clauses, requiring additional disclosures to potential borrowers and restricting the fees that mortgage originators may collect. Rules implementing many of these changes protect creditors from certain liabilities for loans that meet the requirements for qualified mortgages. The rules place several restrictions on qualified mortgages, including caps on certain closing costs. These and other rules promulgated by the CFPB could have a significant impact on the availability of home mortgages and how mortgage agents and lenders transact business. In addition, the Dodd-Frank Act contained provisions that require GSEs, including Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, to retain an interest in the credit risk arising from the assets they securitize. This may serve to reduce GSEs demand for mortgage loans, which could have a material adverse effect on the mortgage industry, and may reduce the availability of mortgages to certain borrowers. While we are continuing to evaluate all aspects of legislation, regulations and policies affecting the domestic real estate market, we cannot predict whether or not such legislation, regulation and policies may increase down payment requirements, increase mortgage costs, or result in increased costs and potential litigation for housing market participants, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 31 

Table of Contents 
 Potential reform of Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac or certain federal agencies or a reduction in U.S. government support for the housing market could have a material impact on our operations. Numerous pieces of legislation seeking various types of changes for government sponsored entities or GSEs have been introduced in Congress to reform the U.S. housing finance market including among other things, changes designed to reduce government support for housing finance and the winding down of the federal conservatorship of Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac over a period of years. Legislation, if enacted, or additional regulation which curtails Fannie Mae s and/or Freddie Mac s activities and/or results in the wind down of the federal conservatorship of these entities could increase mortgage costs and could result in more stringent underwriting guidelines imposed by lenders or cause other disruptions in the mortgage industry. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on the housing market in general and our operations in particular. The occurrence of natural or man-made disasters or pandemics could adversely affect our operations, results of operations and financial condition . The occurrence of natural disasters, including hurricanes, floods, earthquakes, tsunamis, tornadoes, fires, explosions, pandemic disease, such as the current coronavirus pandemic, and man-made disasters, including acts of terrorism and military actions, could adversely affect our operations, results of operations or financial condition, even if home values and buyers access to financing has not been affected. Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock The requirements of being a public company may strain our resources, divert management s attention, and affect our ability to attract and retain qualified board of director members. As a public company, we are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and other applicable securities rules and regulations. Compliance with these rules and regulations, even as a smaller reporting company, will increase our legal and financial compliance costs, make some activities more difficult, time-consuming, or costly, and increase demand on our systems and resources. The Exchange Act requires, among other things, that we file annual, quarterly, and current reports with respect to our business and operating results. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. In order to maintain and, if required, improve our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting to meet this standard, significant resources and management oversight may be required. As a result, management s attention may be diverted from other business concerns, which could harm our business and operating results. Although we have already hired additional employees to comply with these requirements, we may need to hire more resources in the future, which will increase our costs and expenses. In addition, changing laws, regulations, and standards relating to corporate governance and public disclosure create uncertainty for public companies, increasing legal and financial compliance costs and making some activities more time consuming. These laws, regulations, and standards are subject to varying interpretations, in many cases due to their lack of specificity, and, as a result, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance is provided by regulatory and governing bodies. This could result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and higher costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to disclosure and governance practices. We intend to invest resources to comply with evolving laws, regulations, and standards, and this investment may result in increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management s time and attention from revenue-generating activities to compliance activities. If our efforts to comply with new laws, regulations, and standards differ from the activities intended by regulatory or governing bodies due to ambiguities related to practice, regulatory authorities may initiate legal proceedings against us, and our business may be harmed. Being a relatively new public company combined with these new rules and regulations makes it more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance, and, in the future, we may be required to accept reduced coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain coverage. These factors also could make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified management and members of our board of directors (the Board ), particularly to serve on our audit committee and compensation committee. 
 32 

Table of Contents 
 As a result of filings required of a public company, our business and financial condition is now more visible, which we believe may result in threatened or actual litigation, including by competitors and other third parties. If such claims are successful, our business and operating results could be harmed. Even if the claims do not result in litigation or are resolved in our favor, these claims, and the time and resources necessary to resolve them, could divert the resources of our management and materially harm our business, operating results, and financial condition. Our common stock price might fluctuate significantly, and the price of our common stock might be negatively impacted by factors which are unrelated to our operations. Prior to our 2020 initial public offering, there was no market for shares of our common stock. An active trading market for our common stock might not be sustained, which could depress the market price of our common stock and affect your ability to sell our shares. The trading price of our common stock has ranged from 3.70 to 56.81 and is likely to be highly volatile and could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to various factors, some of which are beyond our control. These factors include: our operating performance and the operating performance of similar companies; our non-GAAP operating performance, as reported using Adjusted EBITDA, is not equivalent to net income (loss) from operations as determined under GAAP and shareholders may consider GAAP measures to be more relevant to our operating performance; the overall performance of the equity markets; announcements by us or our competitors of acquisitions, business plans, or commercial relationships; threatened or actual litigation; any major change in our board of directors or management; publication of research reports or news stories about us, our competitors, or our industry, or positive or negative recommendations or withdrawal of research coverage by securities analysts; large volumes of sales of our shares of common stock by existing shareholders; and general political and economic conditions, including lingering impacts from the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 Securities class action litigation has often been instituted against companies following periods of volatility in the overall market and in the market price of a company s securities. This litigation, if instituted against us, could result in substantial costs, divert our management s attention and resources, and harm our business, operating results, and financial condition. Our amended and restated bylaws provide that, unless we consent in writing, North Carolina state court is, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the sole and exclusive forum for substantially all disputes between us and our shareholders. These choice of forum provisions could limit the ability of shareholders to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or employees. Unless we consent to the selection of an alternative forum, our amended and restated bylaws provide that North Carolina state courts will be, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the sole and exclusive forum for any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf; any action asserting a claim of breach of fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers or other employees to the Company or our shareholders; any action asserting a claim against us arising pursuant to the North Carolina Business Corporation Act, or our articles of incorporation or bylaws; or any action asserting a claim against us that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine. Since the choice of forum provisions are only applicable to the fullest extent permitted by law, as provided in our bylaws, the provisions do not designate North Carolina courts as the exclusive forum for any derivative action or other claim for which the applicable statute creates exclusive jurisdiction in another forum. As such, the choice of forum provision does not apply to any actions arising under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. 
 33 

Table of Contents 
 These choice of forum provisions may limit a shareholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees, which may discourage such lawsuits against us and our directors, officers and other employees. Alternatively, if a court were to find the choice of forum provisions contained in our bylaws to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. Because we do not intend to pay any cash dividends on our shares of common stock in the near future, our shareholders will not be able to receive a return on their shares unless they sell them. We intend to retain any future earnings to finance the development and expansion of our business. We do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock in the near future. The declaration, payment and amount of any future dividends will be made at the discretion of our Board, and will depend upon, among other things, the results of operations, cash flows and financial condition, operating and capital requirements, and other factors as our Board considers relevant. There is no assurance that future dividends will be paid, and if dividends are paid, there is no assurance with respect to the amount of any such dividend. Unless we pay dividends, our shareholders will not be able to receive a return on their shares unless they sell them. Future sales of shares of our common stock by existing shareholders could depress the market price of our common stock. Sales of substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market by our shareholders might cause the market price of our common stock to decrease significantly. Joshua Harley, our Chief Executive Officer and Executive Chairman of the Board, Marco Fregenal, our President and Chief Financial Officer, and a director, and Glenn Sampson, a significant shareholder and director, have previously engaged in sales of our stock under Rule 10b5-1 trading plans, which have put pressure on our stock price. On October 11, 2021, Mr. Harley and Mr. Fregenal each terminated his previously disclosed Rule 10b5-1 trading plan but Mr. Harley and/or Mr. Fregenal might in the future establish new Rule 10b5-1 trading plans. In addition, Mr. Harley and Mr. Fregenal sold an aggregate of 350,000 shares of common stock in our underwritten public offering of common stock in November 2021. The perception that such additional sales could occur could also depress the market price of our common stock. Any such sales could also create public perception of difficulties or problems with our business and might also make it more difficult for us to raise capital through the sale of equity securities in the future at a time and price that we deem appropriate. Joshua Harley, our Chief Executive Officer and Executive Chairman of the Board, together with Marco Fregenal, our President and Chief Financial Officer, and a director, and Glenn Sampson, a significant shareholder and director, own a significant percentage of our stock, and as a result, they can take actions that may be adverse to the interests of the other shareholders and the trading price for our common stock may be depressed. As of December 31, 2022, Joshua Harley, Marco Fregenal, and Glenn Sampson beneficially owned approximately 29.4 , 6.4 , and 8.9 of our outstanding common stock, respectively. This significant concentration of share ownership may adversely affect the trading price for our common stock because investors may perceive disadvantages in owning stock in companies with controlling shareholders. The three shareholders voting together can significantly influence all matters requiring approval by our shareholders, including the election and removal of directors and any proposed merger, acquisition, consolidation or sale of all or substantially all of our assets. In addition, due to his significant ownership stake and his service as our Executive Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Harley controls the management of our business and affairs. This concentration of ownership could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control, or impeding a merger or consolidation, takeover or other business combination that could be favorable to our other shareholders. If securities or industry analysts do not publish or cease publishing research or reports about us, our business or our market, or if they change their recommendations regarding our stock adversely, our stock price and trading volume could decline. The trading market for our common stock will be influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts may publish about us, our business, our market, or our competitors. If any of the analysts who may cover us change their recommendation regarding our stock adversely, or provide more favorable recommendations about our competitors, our stock price would likely decline. If any analyst who may cover us were to cease coverage of the Company or fail to regularly publish reports on us, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which in turn could cause our stock price or trading volume to decline. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. Not applicable. 
 34 

Table of Contents 
 Item 2. Properties. Our principal executive office is located at 2000 Regency Parkway Drive, Suite 300, Cary, North Carolina, 27518. Our total office space at the principal executive office is approximately 28,700 square feet and has lease terms expiring in December 2028. We also lease office space located at 24800 Chrisanta Drive, Suite 140, Mission Viejo, California, 92691. This office space is approximately 1,980 square feet and is primarily for our accounting team. This office lease expired during December 2020 and the Company is currently renting this space on a month-to-month lease. We also lease small office spaces in the various regions in which we operate, in order to comply with regulatory and licensing requirements within such jurisdictions and in some cases, to provide office space for our agents. We do not own any real property and we believe that our leased facilities are suitable and adequate to meet current needs. Item 3. Legal Proceedings. We are not involved in any litigation that we believe could have a material adverse effect on our financial position or results of operations. There is no action, suit, proceeding, inquiry or investigation before or by any court, public board, government agency, self-regulatory organization or body pending or, to the knowledge of our executive officers, threatened against or affecting our Company or our officers or directors in their capacities as such. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. Not applicable. 
 35 

Table of Contents 
 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. The information regarding our equity compensation plans required by this Item 5 is incorporated by reference to the information under the section captioned Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management, and Related Stockholder Matters contained in our proxy statement related to the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (the Proxy Statement ). Market Information Our common stock trades on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol FTHM . Holders of Common Stock As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 3,213 shareholders of record of our common stock. Dividends We have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock to date, and our Board intends to continue a policy of retaining earnings, if any, for use in our operations. We are organized under the North Carolina Business Corporation Act, which prohibits the payment of a dividend if, after giving it effect, we would not be able to pay our debts as they become due in the usual course of business or our total assets would be less than the sum of our total liabilities plus the amount that would be needed, if we were to be dissolved, to satisfy the preferential rights upon dissolution of any preferred shareholders. Any determination by our Board to pay dividends in the future to shareholders will be dependent upon our operational results, financial condition, capital requirements, business projections, general business conditions, statutory and regulatory restrictions and any other factors deemed appropriate by our Board. Sales of Unregistered Securities None. Issuer Repurchases of Equity Securities On March 10, 2022, the Company s board of directors authorized an expenditure of up to 10.0 million for the repurchase of shares of the Company s common stock in open market transactions effected through a broker-dealer at prevailing market prices, in block trades, or in privately negotiated transactions. The Company may also repurchase shares of its common stock pursuant to a trading plan meeting the requirements of Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act which would permit shares of the Company s common stock to be repurchased when the Company might otherwise be precluded from doing so by law. The share repurchase authorization does not have a fixed expiration. The stock repurchase program does not obligate the Company to repurchase any particular amount of common stock, and it could be modified, suspended or discontinued at any time. The timing and amount of repurchases will be determined by the Company s management based on a variety of factors such as the market price of the Company s common stock, the Company s liquidity requirements, and overall market conditions. The stock repurchase program will be subject to applicable legal requirements, including federal and state securities laws. There were no equity repurchases for the quarter ended December 31, 2022. The approximate dollar value of shares that may yet be purchased pursuant to the repurchase program is 4.0 million. Management has no plans to repurchase additional shares at this time. Item 6. Reserved . 
 36 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements, the accompanying notes, and other financial information included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties, such as our plans, estimates, and beliefs. Our actual results could differ materially from those forward-looking statements below. Factors that could cause or contribute to those differences include, but are not limited to, those identified below and those discussed under Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Overview Fathom Holdings Inc. (the Company , Corporate , Our , We ), headquartered in Cary, North Carolina, is a national, technology-driven, end to end real estate services company integrating residential brokerage, mortgage, title, insurance and SaaS offerings for brokers and agents. Our primary operation, Fathom Realty (as defined below), operates as a real estate brokerage company , working with real estate agents to help individuals purchase and sell residential and commercial properties, primarily in the South, Atlantic, Southwest, and Western parts of the United States, with the intention of expanding into all states . Fathom Realty Holdings, LLC, a Texas limited liability company Fathom Realty ), is a wholly owned subsidiary of Fathom Holdings Inc. Fathom Realty owns 100 of 39 subsidiaries, each an LLC representing the state in which the entity operates (e.g. Fathom Realty NJ, LLC). Corporate Developments During 2021 and 2022 In March 2021, the Company completed its acquisitions of Red Barn Real Estate, LLC Red Barn and Naberly Inc. Naberly ). The acquisition of Red Barn, a real estate brokerage business, has helped us to expand our reach in the Atlanta region real estate market. The acquisition of Naberly is facilitating our further development of our proprietary intelliAgent platform to enhance offerings and improve operational efficiency. In April 2021, the Company completed its acquisition of E4:9 Holdings, Inc. E4:9). The acquisition of E4:9 is part of our vision to build a vertically integrated, end-to-end real estate operation by offering mortgage and insurance services to our agents to further serve our customers. Also in April 2021, the Company completed its acquisition of LiveBy, Inc. LiveBy ). We believe the acquisition of LiveBy and its hyperlocal data and technology platform builds credibility for our real estate agents in their respective geographic areas by showcasing their local expertise and helping customers discover the best locations in which to live. In June 2021, the Company completed its acquisition of Epic Realty Epic ). The acquisition of Epic, a real estate brokerage business, has helped us to expand our reach in the Idaho real estate market. We further augmented our realty presence in Idaho with the addition of Woodhouse Group Realty Woodhouse in November 2021. In November 2021, the Company, completed an offering of common stock, which resulted in the issuance and sale by the Company of 1,750,000 shares of common stock, at a public offering price of 25.00 per share, generating gross proceeds of approximately 35 million, of which the Company received approximately 32.5 million, after deducting underwriting discounts and other offering costs (the 2021 Equity Offering ). In January 2022, the Company completed its acquisition of Cornerstone Financial Cornerstone ). The acquisition of Cornerstone, a real estate mortgage business, has helped us to expand our reach in the DC and surrounding markets. In February 2022, the Company completed its acquisition of iPro Realty Network iPro ). The acquisition of iPro, a real estate brokerage business, has helped us to expand our reach in the Utah real estate market. Rising Interest Rates, COVID-19, and Other Risks Our business is dependent on the economic conditions within the markets in which we operate. Changes in these conditions can have a positive or negative impact on our business. The economic conditions influencing the housing markets primarily include economic growth, interest rates, unemployment, consumer confidence, mortgage availability, and supply and demand. 
 37 

Table of Contents 
 In periods of economic growth, demand typically increases resulting in increasing home sales transactions and home sales prices. Similarly, a decline in economic growth, increasing interest rates and declining consumer confidence generally decreases demand. These are the trends we are currently facing. Additionally, regulations imposed by local, state, and federal government agencies can also negatively impact the housing markets in which we operate. Finally, national and global events, including geopolitical instability, that impact economic conditions and financial markets, including interest rates, can adversely impact the housing market. Beginning in the second quarter of 2022, several economic factors began to adversely impact the residential real estate market, including higher mortgage interest rates, lower consumer sentiment, increased inflation, and declining financial market conditions. This shift in the macroeconomic backdrop had an adverse impact on consumer demand for our services, as consumers weighed the financial implications of selling or purchasing a home and taking out a mortgage. As previously reported, our growth slowed beginning in the third quarter of 2022. Our mortgage business also experienced significant declines in loan volumes beginning in the second quarter of 2022, particularly from refinancing prior mortgages. In response to these macroeconomic and consumer demand developments, we took action to adjust our operations and manage our business towards longer-term profitability despite these adverse macroeconomic factors. Looking ahead, we remain focused on reaching total company Adjusted EBITDA breakeven in the second quarter of 2023 and generating positive cash flow in the third quarter of 2023, even in today s market environment. We continue to identify opportunities to streamline our overhead and, as of December 31, 2022, have already reduced expenses by approximately 3.0 million per quarter which we should see the full benefit of in the first quarter of 2023. Importantly, we believe these cost reductions were made without sacrificing our ability to continue to grow. This is well ahead of our initial plan to reduce expenses by 1.5 million per quarter. We believe that these cost reduction initiatives, combined with the increase in agent transaction fees that became effective in January of this year, have positioned our business for profitable growth and we remain on track to reach Adjusted EBITDA breakeven in the second quarter of 2023. In December 2019, a novel strain of coronavirus, COVID-19, was identified in Wuhan, China. This new coronavirus caused a global health emergency and was declared a pandemic by the World Health Organization in March 2020 COVID-19 or the Pandemic ). We are continually monitoring the lingering effects COVID-19 could have on our business. We believe that in the states and regions in which we operate the social and economic impacts, which include, but are not limited to, the following, could have a significant bearing on our future financial condition, liquidity, and results of operations: (i) restrictions on in-person activities associated with residential real estate transactions arising from shelter-in-place, or similar isolation orders; (ii) decline in consumer demand for in-person interactions and physical home tours; and (iii) deteriorating economic conditions, such as increased unemployment rates, recessionary conditions, lower yields on individual investment portfolios, and more stringent mortgage financing conditions. In response to COVID-19, the Company implemented cost-saving measures early on to include the elimination of non-essential travel and in-person training activities, and deferral of certain planned expenditures. For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022, due in part to the widespread availability of multiple COVID-19 vaccines, the effects of the COVID-19 on business worldwide lessened. However, the continuing impact from COVID-19, as well as the recent increases in interest rates and inflationary pressure in the U.S. and world economies , is not fully known and cannot be estimated as the U.S. and global economies continue to react. Real Estate Agents Due to our low-overhead business model, which leverages our proprietary technology, we can offer our agents the ability to keep significantly more of their commissions compared to traditional real estate brokerage firms. We believe we offer our agents some of the best technology, training, and support available in the industry. We believe our business model and our focus on treating our agents well will attract more agents and higher-producing agents. Fathom s real estate agent network grew 28 to approximately 10,370 agent licenses at December 31, 2022, up from approximately 8,100 at December 31, 2021. Agent Equity Ownership Effective January 1, 2019, agents could receive stock grants, which vest in three years based on continued affiliation with the Company, in two ways: 1) when the agent closed a sale of a property for the Company; and 2) when the agent referred another agent to join the Company. These stock grants were granted quarterly. Effective January 1, 2023, agents will only be able to earn stock 
 38 

Table of Contents 
 grants in the form of stock units based on agent referral metrics achieved. These stock grants will be granted quarterly and will vest in two years. Reportable Segments Our Chief Operating Decision Maker makes operating decisions and assesses performance based on the services of identified operating segments and has identified three reportable segments: Real Estate Brokerage; Mortgage; and Technology. Through its Real Estate Brokerage segment, the Company provides real estate brokerage services. Through its Mortgage segment, the Company provides residential loan origination and underwriting services. Through its Technology segment, the Company provides SaaS solutions and data mining for third party customers and continues to develop its intelliAgent platform for current use by the Company s real estate agents. Components of Our Results of Operations Revenue Our revenue primarily consists of commissions generated from real estate brokerage services. We also have other service revenue, including mortgage lending, title insurance, home and other insurance, and SaaS revenues. Gross commission income We recognize commission-based revenue on the closing of a transaction, less the amount of any closing-cost reductions. Revenue is affected by the number of real estate transactions we close, the mix of transactions, home sale prices, and commission rates. Other Services Revenue Mortgage Lending We recognize revenue streams for our mortgage lending services business which are primarily comprised of loans sold, origination and other fees. The gain on sale of mortgage loans represents the difference between the net sales proceeds and the carrying value of the mortgage loans sold and includes the servicing rights release premiums. Servicing rights release premiums represent one-time fee revenues earned for transferring the risk and rewards of ownership of servicing rights to third parties. Retail origination fees are principally revenues earned from loan originations and recorded in the statement of operations in other service revenue. Direct loan origination costs and expenses associated with the loans are charged to expenses when the loans are sold. Interest income is interest earned on originated loans prior to the sale of the asset. Insurance Agency Service Revenues The revenue streams for the Company s home and other insurance agency services business are primarily comprised of new and renewal commissions paid by insurance carriers. The transaction price is set as the estimated commissions to be received over the term of the policy based upon an estimate of premiums placed, policy changes and cancellations, net of restraint. The commissions are earned at the point in time upon effective date of the associated policies when control of the policy transfers to the client. The Company is also eligible for certain contingent commissions from insurers based on the attainment of specific metrics (i.e., volume growth, loss ratios) related to underlying polices placed. Revenue for contingent commissions is estimated based on historical and current evidence of achievement towards each insurer s annual respective metrics and is recorded as the underlying policies that contribute to the achievement are placed. Due to the uncertainty of the amount of contingent consideration that will be received, the estimated revenue is constrained to an amount that is probable to not have a significant negative adjustment. Contingent consideration is generally received in the first quarter of the subsequent year. 
 39 

Table of Contents 
 Title Service Revenues Title services revenue includes fees charged for title search and examination, property settlement and title insurance services provided in association with property acquisitions and refinance transactions. SaaS Revenues The Company generates revenue from subscription and services related to the use of the LiveBy platform. The SaaS contracts are generally annual contracts paid monthly in advance of service and cancellable upon 30 days notice after the first year. The Company s subscription arrangements do not provide customers with the right to take possession of the software supporting the platform. Subscription revenue, which includes support, is recognized on a straight-line basis over the non-cancellable contractual term of the arrangement, generally beginning on the date that the Company s service is made available to the customer and is recorded as other service revenue in the statement of operations. Operating Expenses Commission and other agent-related costs Commission and other agent-related costs consists primarily of agent commissions, less fees paid to us by our agents, order fulfillment, share-based compensation for agents, title searches, and direct cost to fulfill the services provided. We expect commission and other agent-related costs to continue to rise in proportion to the expected growth in our operations. Operations and support Operations and support consist primarily of direct cost to fulfill the services from our mortgage lending, title services, insurance services and other services provided. We expect operations and support to continue to rise in proportion to the expected growth in our operations. Technology and development Technology and development expenses primarily include personnel costs, including base pay, bonuses, benefits, and share based compensation, related to ongoing development and maintenance of our proprietary software for use by our agents, customers, and support staff. Technology and development expenses also include amortization of capitalized software and development costs, data licenses, other software, and equipment costs, as well as infrastructure and operational expenses, such as, for data centers, communication, and hosted services. General and administrative General and administrative expenses consist primarily of personnel costs, including base pay, bonuses, benefits, and share based compensation, and fees for professional services. Professional services principally consist of external legal, audit, and tax services. In the short term, we expect general and administrative expenses to increase in absolute dollars due to the anticipated growth of our business and to meet the increased compliance requirements associated with operation as a public company. However, in the long term, we anticipate general and administrative expenses as a percentage of revenue to decrease over time, if and as we are able to increase revenue. Marketing Marketing expenses consist primarily of expenses for online and traditional advertising, as well as costs for marketing and promotional materials. Advertising costs are expensed as they are incurred. We expect marketing expenses to increase in absolute dollars as we continue to expand our advertising programs, including promotion of our newly acquired business lines and we anticipate marketing expenses as a percentage of revenue to decrease over time, if and as we are able to increase revenue. Depreciation and amortization Depreciation and amortization represent the depreciation charged on our fixed assets and intangible assets other than capitalized software. Depreciation expense is recorded on a straight-line method, based on estimated useful lives of five years for computer 
 40 

Table of Contents 
 hardware, seven years for furniture and equipment and seven years for vehicles. Leasehold improvements are depreciated over the lesser of the life of the lease term or the useful life of the improvements. Amortization expense consists of amortization recorded on acquisition-related intangible assets, excluding purchased software. Customer relationships are amortized on an accelerated basis, which coincides with the period of economic benefit we expect to receive. All other finite-lived intangibles are amortized on a straight-line basis over the term of the expected benefit. Purchased software and capitalized software development costs are amortized on a straight-line basis over the term of the expected benefit and the respective amortization expense is included in technology and development expense. In accordance with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles GAAP ), we do not amortize goodwill. Income Taxes U.S. federal and state income tax benefits for a portion of historical net losses has been recognized in the period ended December 31, 2022. Previously the tax benefits had not been recognized due to our uncertainty of realizing a benefit from those items. As a result of certain acquisitions this period, we realized a portion of the pre-existing deferred tax assets due to the reversal of taxable temporary differences. As of December 31, 2022, we had federal net operating loss carryforwards of approximately 40.8 million and state net operating loss carryforwards of approximately 20.8 million. The federal net operating losses carry forward indefinitely. State net operating losses will begin to expire, if not utilized, in 2032. Utilization of the net operating loss carryforwards may be subject to an annual limitation according to Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 as amended, and similar state law provisions. Results of Operations Comparison of the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (amount in thousands) Revenue 

Year Ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 Dollars Percentage Gross commission income 390,615 314,373 76,242 24 Other service revenue 22,349 15,857 6,492 41 Total revenue 412,964 330,230 82,734 25 For the year ended December 31, 2022, gross commission income increased by approximately 76.2 million or 24 , as compared with the year ended December 31, 2021. This increase was primarily attributable to an increase in transaction volume and to an increase in average revenue per transaction due to rising home prices. During the year ended December 31, 2022, transaction volume increased by 14 to approximately 44,700 transactions compared to approximately 39,200 transactions for the year ended December 31, 2021. Our transaction volume increased primarily due to the organic growth in the number of agents contracted with us and agents acquired through the acquisition of iPro in February 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2022, average revenue per transaction increased by 9 to 8,739 from 8,018 during the year ended December 31, 2021. For the year ended December 31, 2022, other service revenue was approximately 22.3 million. This other service revenue was generated from the Company s acquisition of Verus in late 2020, and E4:9 and LiveBy in April 2021 and Cornerstone in January 2022. See Note 3 to our consolidated financial statements for information about these acquisitions. It is also important to note that, as described above under Rising Interest Rates, COVID-19 and Other Risks, our growth slowed during the second half of 2022 as a result of increased interest rates and economic uncertainties impacting the number of home sales and mortgage refinancings. 
 41 

Table of Contents 
 Operating Expenses 

Year Ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 Dollars Percentage Commission and other agent-related costs 372,246 300,509 71,737 24 Operations and support 8,249 5,470 2,779 51 Technology and development 7,715 3,911 3,804 97 General and administrative 43,217 32,733 10,484 32 Marketing 5,218 1,895 3,323 175 Depreciation and amortization 3,096 1,817 1,279 70 Total operating expenses 439,741 346,335 93,406 27 For the year ended December 31, 2022, commission and other agent-related costs increased by approximately 71.7 million, or 24 , as compared with the year ended December 31, 2021. Commission and other agent-related costs primarily includes costs related to agent commissions; net of fees paid to us by our agents. These costs generally correlate with recognized revenues. As such, the increase in commission and other agent-related costs compared to the same period in 2021 was primarily attributable to an increase in agent commissions paid due to higher transaction volume and rising home prices. For the year ended December 31, 2022, operations and support expenses were approximately 8.2 million as compared with 5.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The higher expenses in the 2022 period were primarily attributable to the Company s acquisitions of E4:9 and LiveBy in April 2021 and Cornerstone in January 2022, including increases in related non-cash stock compensation expense. See Note 3 to our consolidated financial statements for information about these acquisitions. For the year ended December 31, 2022, technology and development expenses increased by approximately 3.8 million, or 97 , as compared with the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily attributable to our ongoing investment in the intelliAgent platform and our LiveBy business acquired in April 2021, including higher amortization expense related to continuing software development costs and a full year of amortization related to acquired LiveBy intangible assets. For the year ended December 31, 2022, general and administrative expenses increased by approximately 10.4 million, or 32 , as compared with the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in general and administrative expense was primarily attributable to our acquisitions completed in the second quarter of 2021 and the first quarter of 2022 and to increases in non-cash stock compensation expense. It is anticipated that general and administrative expense, excluding non-cash stock compensation expense, will decrease on an absolute dollar basis going forward driven by management s strategic cost cutting measures. For the year ended December 31, 2022, marketing expenses increased by approximately 3.3 million, or 175 , as compared with the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was attributable to an increase in direct advertising costs primarily related to the Company s expansion in new regions and markets and to promoting its newly acquired businesses. Income Taxes The Company recorded an income tax benefit of 0.1 million and 3.2 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The tax benefit for the year ended December 31, 2022 is primarily the result of the release of a portion of the valuation allowance against historical deferred tax assets. Net deferred tax liabilities of 0.3 million recorded in connection with the Cornerstone acquisition in the year ended December 31, 2022 provided a source of taxable income to support the realizability of a portion of the company s pre-existing deferred tax assets. The tax benefit for the year ended December 31, 2021 is primarily the result of the release of the valuation allowance against historical deferred tax assets and recognition of benefit from the loss for the year ended December 31, 2021. Net deferred tax liabilities of 3.3 million recorded in connection with the E4:9 Holdings, Inc. and LiveBy, Inc. acquisitions for the year ended December 31, 2021 provided a source of taxable income to support the realizability of 1.6 million of pre-existing deferred tax assets, as well as currently generated deferred tax assets from the loss for the year ended December 31, 2021. The Company maintains a valuation allowance on the remaining net deferred tax assets at year-end due to historical operating losses. 
 42 

Table of Contents 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources (amount in thousands) Capital Resources 

December 31, December 31, Change 2022 2021 Dollars Percentage Current assets 18,816 54,450 (35,634) (65) Current liabilities 12,499 21,072 (8,573) (41) Net working capital 6,317 33,378 (27,061) (81) To date, our principal sources of liquidity have been revenues and the net proceeds we received through public offerings and private sales of our common stock, as well as proceeds from loans. As of December 31, 2022, our cash totaled approximately 8.3 million, which represented a decrease of 29.5 million compared to December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2022, we had net working capital of approximately 6.3 million, which represented a decrease of 27.1 million compared to December 31, 2021. In addition to our cash operating losses, the decrease in cash was primarily attributable to stock repurchases of approximately 6.0 million, investments in technology and our businesses of approximately 4.0 million, and payments for acquisitions of approximately 3.0 million. We anticipate that our existing balances of cash and cash equivalents and future expected cash flows generated from our operations will be sufficient to satisfy our operating requirements for at least the next twelve months from the date of the issuance of the consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022. Our future capital requirements depend on many factors, including any future acquisitions, our level of investment in technology, and our rate of growth into new markets. Our capital requirements might also be affected by factors which we cannot control such as the residential real estate market, interest rates, and other monetary and fiscal policy changes, any of which could adversely affect the manner in which we currently operate. Additionally, as the impact of COVID-19 and other world events, such as the ongoing conflict in Ukraine, on the economy and our operations evolves, we will continuously assess our liquidity needs. In the event of a sustained market deterioration, we may need or seek advantageously to obtain additional funding through equity or debt financing, which might not be available on favorable terms or at all and could hinder our business and dilute our existing shareholders. Cash Flows Comparison of the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (amount in thousands) 

Year Ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 Dollars Percentage Net cash used in operating activities (6,583) (11,697) 5,114 44 Net cash used in investing activities (7,096) (14,560) 7,464 51 Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities (15,862) 34,616 (50,478) 146 Cash Flows from Operating Activities Net cash used in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 consisted of a net loss of 27.6 million, including non-cash charges of 9.1 million of share-based compensation and 5.3 million of depreciation and amortization, and a 3.8 million gain on sale of mortgages. Changes in assets and liabilities were primarily driven by 13.5 million net effect of sale and payment of mortgage loans held for sale, 2.0 million decrease in accounts payable, 1.1 million decrease in accrued liabilities, and 1.9 million decrease in operating lease right of use liabilities, partially offset by a 0.5 million increase in accounts receivable, and 0.6 million decrease in lease liabilities. Net cash used in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 consisted of a net loss of 12.5 million, net negative non-cash charge of 2.0 million, including 4.0 million of share-based compensation, 2.7 million of depreciation and amortization, and 0.25 million of bad debt and other, partially offset by 5.2 million of gain on sale of mortgages, 3.3 million of deferred income taxes and 0.4 million of gain on debt extinguishment. Changes in assets and liabilities were primarily driven by 3.5 million net effect of sale and payment of mortgage loans held for sale, 1.7 million increase in accounts payable, 1.1 million increase in accrued liabilities, and 0.7 million decrease in operating lease right of use asset, partially offset by a 1.3 million increase in accounts receivable, 1.3 million increase in prepaid and other assets and 0.6 million decrease in lease liabilities. 
 43 

Table of Contents 
 Cash Flows from Investing Activities Net cash used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 consisted of 1.6 million for business acquisitions, net of cash acquired, 1.4 million in deferred acquisition payments, 0.9 million for the purchase of property and equipment, and 3.1 million for purchases of intangible assets. Net cash used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 consisted of 11.0 million for business and asset acquisitions, net of cash acquired, 0.9 million for the purchase of property and equipment, and 2.6 million for purchases of intangible assets. Cash Flows from Financing Activities Net cash used in financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 consisted of 6.0 million of stock repurchases, 9.4 million of net borrowing on warehouse lines of credit, and 0.9 million proceeds from notes payable attributable to financing our director and officer insurance, partially offset by 0.9 million in principal payments on an outstanding notes payable. Net cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 consisted of 35.0 million of gross proceeds from the issuance of common stock in connection with the Company s 2021 Equity Offering, 1.6 million of net proceeds from borrowing on warehouse lines of credit and 1.1 million proceeds from notes payable attributable to financing our director and officer insurance, partially offset by 2.5 million in payments of offering costs in connection with issuance of common stock in connection with the public offering and 0.7 million in principal payments on an outstanding notes payable. NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURE To supplement our consolidated financial statements, which are prepared and presented in accordance with GAAP, we use Adjusted EBITDA, a non-GAAP financial measure, to understand and evaluate our core operating performance. This non-GAAP financial measure, which may be different than similarly titled measures used by other companies, is presented to enhance investors overall understanding of our financial performance and should not be considered a substitute for, or superior to, the financial information prepared and presented in accordance with GAAP. We define the non-GAAP financial measure of Adjusted EBITDA as net income (loss), excluding other expense, income tax benefit, depreciation and amortization, share-based compensation expense, and transaction-related cost. We believe that Adjusted EBITDA provides useful information about our financial performance, enhances the overall understanding of our past performance and future prospects, and allows for greater transparency with respect to a key metric used by our management for financial and operational decision-making. We believe that Adjusted EBITDA helps identify underlying trends in our business that otherwise could be masked by the effect of the expenses that we exclude in Adjusted EBITDA. In particular, we believe the exclusion of share-based compensation expense related to restricted stock awards and stock options and transaction-related costs associated with our acquisition activity provides a useful supplemental measure in evaluating the performance of our operations and provides better transparency into our results of operations. Adjusted EBITDA also excludes other income and expense, net which primarily includes nonrecurring items, such as, gain on debt extinguishment and severance costs, if applicable. We are presenting the non-GAAP measure of Adjusted EBITDA to assist investors in seeing our financial performance through the eyes of management, and because we believe this measure provides an additional tool for investors to use in comparing our core financial performance over multiple periods with other companies in our industry. Adjusted EBITDA should not be considered in isolation from, or as a substitute for, financial information prepared in accordance with GAAP. There are a number of limitations related to the use of Adjusted EBITDA compared to net income (loss), the closest comparable GAAP measure. Some of these limitations are that: Adjusted EBITDA excludes share-based compensation expense related to restricted stock awards and stock options, which have been, and will continue to be for the foreseeable future, significant recurring expenses in our business and an important part of our compensation strategy; Adjusted EBITDA excludes transaction-related costs primarily consisting of professional fees and any other costs incurred directly related to acquisition activity, which is an ongoing part of our growth strategy and therefore likely to occur; and 
 44 

Table of Contents 
 Adjusted EBITDA excludes certain recurring, non-cash charges such as depreciation and amortization of property and equipment and capitalized software costs, however, the assets being depreciated and amortized may have to be replaced in the future. 
 The following table presents a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to net income (loss), the most comparable GAAP financial measure, for each of the periods presented (amount in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Net loss (27,626) (12,491) Depreciation and amortization 5,346 2,748 Other expense (income), net 903 (366) Income tax expense (benefit) (54) (3,247) Stock based compensation 9,131 4,011 Transaction-related cost 73 1,186 Adjusted EBITDA (12,227) (8,159) Critical Accounting Estimates Discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based on our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities, revenue, and expenses at the date of the financial statements. Generally, we base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions in accordance with GAAP that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. Critical accounting estimates are those that we consider the most important to the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations because they require our most difficult, subjective, or complex judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. Business Combinations The Company accounts for its business combinations under the provisions of Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 805-10, Business Combinations ASC 805-10 ), which requires that the purchase method of accounting be used for all business combinations. Assets acquired and liabilities assumed are recorded at the date of acquisition at their respective fair values. For transactions that are business combinations, the Company evaluates the existence of goodwill. Goodwill represents the excess purchase price over the fair value of the tangible net assets and intangible assets acquired in a business combination. ASC 805-10 also specifies criteria that intangible assets acquired in a business combination must meet to be recognized and reported apart from goodwill. Acquisition-related expenses are recognized separately from the business combinations and are expensed as incurred. The estimated fair value of net assets acquired, including the allocation of the fair value to identifiable assets and liabilities, was determined using established valuation techniques. A fair value measurement is determined as the price we would receive to sell an asset or pay to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. In the context of purchase accounting, the determination of fair value often involves significant judgments and estimates by management, including the selection of valuation methodologies, estimates of future revenues, costs and cash flows, discount rates, and selection of comparable companies. The estimated fair values reflected in the purchase accounting rely on management s judgment and the expertise of a third-party valuation firm engaged to assist in concluding on the fair value measurements. For each business combination completed during the year ended December 31, 2022, the estimated fair value of identifiable intangible assets, primarily consisting of agent relationships, tradenames, customer relationships and technology, was determined using the relief-from-royalty and multi-period excess earnings methods. The most significant assumptions under these methods include the estimated remaining useful life, expected future revenue, annual agent revenue attrition, costs to develop new agents, charges for contributory assets, tax rate, discount rate and tax amortization benefit. Management has developed these assumptions on the basis of historical knowledge of the business and projected financial information of the respective acquired company. These assumptions may vary based on future events, perceptions of different market participants and other factors outside the control of management, and such variations may be significant to estimated values. 
 45 

Table of Contents 
 The determination and allocation of fair values to the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed are based on various assumptions and valuation methodologies requiring considerable management judgment. The most significant variables in these valuations are discount rates and the number of years on which to base the cash flow projections, as well as other assumptions and estimates used to determine the cash inflows and outflows. Management determines discount rates based on the risk inherent in the acquired assets, specific risks, industry beta and capital structure of guideline companies. The valuation of an acquired business is based on available information at the acquisition date and assumptions that are believed to be reasonable. However, a change in facts and circumstances as of the acquisition date can result in subsequent adjustments during the measurement period, but no later than one year from the acquisition date. Recent Accounting Standards For information on recent accounting standards, see Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report. JOBS Act Transition Period In April 2012, the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act was enacted. Section 107 of the JOBS Act provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. Thus, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We have irrevocably elected not to avail ourselves of this extended transition period and, as a result, we will adopt new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for other public companies. Subject to certain conditions, as an emerging growth company, we may rely on certain other exemptions and reduced reporting requirements under the JOBS Act. Certain of these exemptions are, including without limitation, from the requirements of (i) providing an auditor s attestation report on our system of internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act; and (ii) complying with any requirement that may be adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report providing additional information about the audit and the financial statements, known as the auditor discussion and analysis. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier to occur of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the effectiveness of this registration statement, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenues of at least 1.07 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer under the rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, which means the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30th, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three-year period. Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. As a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide the information required by this Item. 
 46 

Table of Contents 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. FATHOM HOLDINGS INC. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Contents Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022 (PCAOB ID No. F-1 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-2 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-3 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-4 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-5 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements F-6 
 47 

Table of Contents 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the shareholders and Board of Directors of Fathom Holdings Inc.: Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Fathom Holdings Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders equity (deficit), and cash flows, for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. /s/ March 30, 2023 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 
 F-1 

Table of Contents 
 FATHOM HOLDINGS INC. CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (amounts in thousands except share data) 

December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Accounts receivable Derivative assets Mortgage loans held for sale, at fair value Prepaid and other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Lease right of use assets Intangible assets, net Goodwill Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued and other current liabilities Warehouse lines of credit Lease liability - current portion Long-term debt - current portion Total current liabilities Lease liability, net of current portion Long-term debt, net of current portion Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 19) Stockholders equity: Common stock par value, shares authorized, ; shares issued and outstanding , and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-2 

Table of Contents 
 FATHOM HOLDINGS INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (amounts in thousands except share data) 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Revenue Gross commission income Other service revenue Total revenue Operating expenses Commission and other agent-related costs Operations and support Technology and development General and administrative Marketing Depreciation and amortization Total operating expenses Loss from operations ) ) Other expense (income), net Gain on extinguishment of debt ) Interest expense (income), net ) Other nonoperating expense (income), net Other expense (income), net ) Loss before income taxes ) ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) ) Net loss ) ) Net loss per share: Basic Diluted ) ) Weighted average common shares outstanding: Basic Diluted The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-3 

Table of Contents 
 FATHOM HOLDINGS INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 and 2021 (amounts in thousands except share data) 

Common Stock Number of Additional Outstanding Par Paid-in Accumulated Shares Value Capital Deficit Total Balance at December 31, 2021 ) Issuance of common stock for purchase of businesses Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) Stock-based compensation, net of forfeitures Net loss ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) Common Stock Number of Additional Outstanding Par Paid-in Accumulated Shares Value Capital Deficit Total Balance at December 31, 2020 ) Issuance of common stock in connection with public offering Offering costs in connection with public offering ) ) Issuance of common stock for purchase of business Issuance of common stock pursuant to exercise of stock options Stock-based compensation, net of forfeitures Net loss ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-4 

Table of Contents 
 FATHOM HOLDINGS INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (amount in thousands) 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Net loss ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash (used in) provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Non-cash lease expense Gain on extinguishment of debt ) Gain on sale of mortgages ) ) Stock-based compensation Deferred income taxes ) Bad debt expense Other non-cash Change in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) Derivative assets Derivative liabilities ) Prepaid and other current assets ) ) Other assets ) Accounts payable ) Accrued and other current liabilities ) Operating lease liabilities ) ) Operating lease right of use assets Other liabilities ) Mortgage loans held for sale ) ) Proceeds from sale and principal payments on mortgage loans held for sale Net cash used in operating activities ) ) CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: Purchase of property and equipment ) ) Amounts paid for business and asset acquisitions, net of cash acquired ) ) Amounts paid for deferred acquisition consideration ) Purchase of intangible assets ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Principal payments on long-term debt ) ) Proceeds from insurance note payables Proceeds from issuance of common stock Net borrowings on warehouse lines of credit ) Proceeds from the issuance of common stock in connection with public offering Repurchase of common stock ) Payment of offering cost in connection with issuance of common stock in connection with public offering ) Proceeds from note payable Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) Net decrease in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at end of period Supplemental disclosure of cash and non-cash transactions: Cash paid for interest Income taxes paid Amounts due to sellers Right of use assets obtained in exchange for new lease liabilities Issuance of common stock for purchase of business Extinguishment of Paycheck Protection Program Loan Loan receivable forgiven and used as purchase consideration Capitalized share- based compensation Reconciliation of cash and restricted cash: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Total cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash shown in statement of cash flows The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-5 

Table of Contents FATHOM HOLDINGS INC. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Additionally, the Company anticipates further expenditures associated with the process of expanding its business organically and via acquisitions. The Company had cash and cash equivalents of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Management believes that existing cash along with its planned budget, which includes an increase in agent fees implemented in January 2023, growth from increasing attach rates across the Company s businesses from internal referrals, reduction of certain expenses given initiatives implemented in early 2023, and the expected ability to achieve sales volumes necessary to cover forecasted expenses, provide sufficient funding to continue as a going concern for a period of at least one year from the date of the issuance of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-6 

Table of Contents FATHOM HOLDINGS INC. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, is recorded in prepaid and other current assets on the consolidated balance sheet. The agent annual fees receivable represents the fee agents pay on their first sale or their one-year anniversary date, which is recognized as a reduction to cost of revenue ratably over the year in which the fee pertains. The Company estimates the allowance for uncollectible accounts based on historical write-off experience each period. 
 F-7 

Table of Contents FATHOM HOLDINGS INC. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Computers and equipment Furniture and fixtures Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets might not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured first by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to future undiscounted net cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If such assets were considered to be impaired, an impairment loss would be recognized as the difference between the fair value and carrying value when the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the fair value of the asset. To date, no such impairment has occurred. 
 F-8 

Table of Contents FATHOM HOLDINGS INC. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 , , , and , respectively. Capitalized internal use software Costs incurred in the preliminary stages of website and software development are expensed as incurred. Once an application has reached the development stage, direct internal and external costs relating to upgrades or enhancements that meet the capitalization criteria are capitalized in capitalized software, net and amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. Maintenance and enhancement costs (including those costs in the post-implementation stages) are typically expensed as incurred, unless such costs relate to substantial upgrades and enhancements to the websites (or software) that result in added functionality, in which case the costs are capitalized as well. Capitalized software costs are amortized over the expected useful lives of the applicable software and recorded in technology and development on the statement of operations. Currently, capitalized software costs for internal use have a useful life estimated at . Estimated useful lives of website and software development activities are reviewed annually or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that intangible assets may be impaired and are adjusted as appropriate to reflect upcoming development activities that may include significant upgrades or enhancements to the existing functionality. impairment of goodwill for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 F-9 

Table of Contents FATHOM HOLDINGS INC. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 F-10 

Table of Contents FATHOM HOLDINGS INC. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 F-11 

Table of Contents FATHOM HOLDINGS INC. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 F-12 

Table of Contents FATHOM HOLDINGS INC. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 million. Based on the Company s estimation of the fair value of the assets acquired, the Naberly acquisition was accounted for as an asset acquisition. The total acquisition cost, including transaction costs of approximately million, was approximately million and was recorded as software intangible assets. Acquisition of E4:9 On April 16, 2021 the Company purchased of outstanding capital stock of E4:9. The Company accounted for the E4:9 acquisition as a business combination. The purchase price consisted of approximately million cash consideration and million common stock consideration for a total purchase price of approximately million. The aggregate purchase price exceeded 
 F-13 

Table of Contents FATHOM HOLDINGS INC. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 million, including a million subsequent fair value adjustment discussed below. Accounts receivable Mortgage loans held for sale Derivative assets Prepaid and other current assets Property equipment Intangible assets Lease right of use assets Other long-term assets Total identifiable assets acquired Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Escrow liabilities Derivative liabilities Warehouse lines of credit Notes payable Lease liability, current portion Lease liability, net of current portion Deferred tax liabilities Total liabilities assumed Total identifiable net assets Goodwill Net assets acquired The Company recognized approximately million of acquisition related costs that were expensed in the year ended December 31, 2021 and are included in general and administrative expenses. Goodwill of approximately million and million was assigned to the Company s Mortgage and Other services reporting units, respectively, and is attributable primarily to its assembled workforce and the anticipated future economic benefits of the vertical integration of E4:9 s mortgage lending and insurance product offerings available to our real estate agents. None of the goodwill is expected to be deductible for income tax purposes. The fair value associated with identifiable intangible assets was million, comprised of customer relationships of million, tradenames of million and know-how of million. Customer relationships is being amortized on an accelerated basis over a useful life of . Tradenames and know-how are amortized on a straight-line basis over and , respectively. The Company finalized the fair value estimates used in the purchase price allocation related to the E4:9 acquisitions during the quarter ended June 30, 2022, resulting in a million adjustment to lower the fair value of accounts receivable assumed to be million with an offsetting increase to goodwill in our Corporate and other services reporting unit. The Company s consolidated financial statements include the results of operations of E4:9 since the closing on April 16, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2022, E4:9 contributed million in revenues and million in net loss to the Company. During the period from the acquisition closing on April 16, 2021 through December 31, 2021, E4:9 contributed approximately million in revenues and million in net loss to the Company. 
 F-14 

Table of Contents FATHOM HOLDINGS INC. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 of outstanding capital stock of LiveBy. The Company accounted for the LiveBy acquisition as a business combination. The purchase price consisted of approximately million cash consideration and million common stock consideration for a total purchase price of approximately million. The aggregate purchase price exceeded the fair value of the net tangible and intangible assets acquired, and accordingly the Company recorded goodwill of approximately million. Accounts receivable Intangible assets Prepaid and other current assets Total identifiable assets acquired Deferred tax liabilities Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Total liabilities assumed Total identifiable net assets Goodwill Net assets acquired The Company recognized approximately million of acquisition related costs that were expensed in the year ended December 31, 2021 and are included in general and administrative expenses. Goodwill was assigned to the technology reporting unit and is attributable primarily to our assembled workforce and the anticipated future economic benefits to the Company s agents through technology product offerings. of the goodwill is expected to be deductible for income tax purposes. The fair value associated with identifiable intangible assets was approximately million, comprised of customer relationships of million, tradename of million and software of million. Customer relationships and tradename are being amortized on a straight-lined basis over a useful life of years. Software is amortized on a straight-line basis over years. During the year ended December 31, 2022, LiveBy contributed million and million of revenues and net loss, respectively. During the period from the acquisition closing through December 31, 2021, LiveBy contributed approximately million and million of revenues and net loss, respectively. Acquisition of Epic and Woodhouse On June 30, 2021, the Company completed the acquisition of Epic in a transaction deemed immaterial to the Company. The Epic acquisition was accounted for as a business combination using the acquisition method of accounting. In late November 2021 the Company completed the acquisition of Woodhouse, in a transaction deemed immaterial to the Company. Acquisitions of Cornerstone Financial and iPro Realty Network The Company completed acquisitions in the nine months ended September 30, 2022, both accounted for as business combinations. On January 24, 2022, the Company acquired Cornerstone Financial, a real estate mortgage business in the Washington DC and surrounding markets, for approximately million. The purchase price was comprised of million in cash consideration and shares of common stock with an acquisition date fair value of million. Approximately million of the cash consideration is due within one year of the acquisition date. On February 8, 2022, the Company acquired iPro Realty Network, a real estate brokerage business in the Utah real estate market, for total consideration of approximately million. The purchase price included cash consideration of approximately million and shares of common stock with an acquisition date fair value of 
 F-15 

Table of Contents FATHOM HOLDINGS INC. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 million. Approximately million of the cash consideration is due within one year of the acquisition date. Assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the individual acquisitions were recorded on the Company s condensed consolidated balance sheet at their estimated fair values as of the respective dates of acquisition, including mortgage loans held for sale of approximately million, lease right of use assets and lease liabilities of approximately million, accrued liabilities of approximately million and warehouse lines of credit of approximately million. The Company recorded finite-lived intangible assets of approximately million and goodwill of approximately million, prior to the updates to fair values noted below. None of the goodwill relating to the Cornerstone Financial acquisition is expected to be deductible for income tax purposes. Goodwill in the amount of approximately million relating to the iPro Realty Network acquisition is expected to be deductible for income tax purposes. The Company updated the fair value estimates used in the purchase price allocation related to the Cornerstone and iPro acquisitions during the period from acquisition through December 31, 2022, resulting in an increase of million in the fair value of assumed finite lived intangible assets, an increase of million in other assets, and a million decrease in goodwill, and a increase in deferred tax liabilities. Pro forma information has not been included as it is impracticable to obtain the information due to the lack of availability of historical GAAP financial data. The results of operations of these businesses do not have a material effect on the Company s consolidated results of operations. Acquisition related costs incurred during the year ended December 31, 2022, were and are included in general and administrative expense. Supplemental Pro Forma Financial Information On an unaudited pro forma basis, the revenues and net loss of the Company assuming the acquisitions of E4:9 and LiveBy occurred on January 1, 2021, are shown below (amount in thousands except share data). The unaudited pro forma information does not purport to present what the Company s actual results would have been had the acquisition happened on January 1, 2021, nor is the financial information indicative of the results of future operations. The pro forma financial information includes the estimated amortization expense based on the fair value and estimated useful lives of intangible assets as part of the acquisitions of E4:9 and LiveBy. Net loss ) Net loss per share (basic) ) Goodwill acquired during the period Fair Value measurement adjustment (see Note 10) Balance at December 31, 2022 (a) Other comprises goodwill not assigned to a reportable segment. 
 F-16 

Table of Contents FATHOM HOLDINGS INC. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Furniture and fixtures Leasehold improvements Total property and equipment Accumulated depreciation ) ) Total property and equipment, net Depreciation expense for property and equipment was approximately million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, of which million and , respectively was included in technology and development expense. Software development Customer relationships Agent relationships Know-how 

December 31, 2021 Gross Carrying Accumulated Net Carrying Amount Amortization Value Trade names ) Software development ) Customer relationships ) Agent relationships ) Know-how ) ) 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total Amortization expense for purchased and capitalized software included in technology and development expense was approximately million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 F-17 

Table of Contents FATHOM HOLDINGS INC. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Due to sellers Accrued compensation Other accrued liabilities Total accrued liabilities or . The agreement expires in July 2023. The maximum funding available under these loans at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 was million. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the outstanding balance on this warehouse line was approximately million and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, Encompass was in compliance with the debt covenants under this facility. Encompass maintains a mortgage participation purchase agreement with a bank whereby Encompass borrows funds to finance the origination or purchase of eligible loans. Interest on funds borrowed is equal to the greater of the London Inter-Bank Offered Rate (Libor) Rate plus or . The agreement expires in April 2023.The maximum funding available under these loans at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 was million. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the outstanding balance on this warehouse line was approximately million and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, Encompass was not in compliance with certain of these debt covenants related to earnings. Pursuant to an amendment signed on March 9, 2023, Encompass received a waiver on the non-compliant covenants. Encompass maintains a warehousing credit and security agreement with a bank whereby Encompass borrows funds to finance the origination of eligible mortgage loans. Interest on funds borrowed is equal to the greater of the daily adjusting Bloomberg Short-Term Bank Yield (BSBY) rate plus or per annum. The agreement expires in September 2023. The daily adjusting BSBY rate plus as of December 31, 2022 was and the daily adjusting LIBOR plus as of December 31, 2021 was . The maximum funding available under these loans at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 was million. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the outstanding balance on this warehouse line was approximately million and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, Encompass was not in compliance with certain of these debt covenants related to earnings. Pursuant to an amendment signed on March 9, 2023, Encompass has received a waiver on the non-compliant covenants. Notes Payable Total debt Long-term debt, current portion ) ) Long-term debt, net of current portion 
 F-18 

Table of Contents FATHOM HOLDINGS INC. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Notes Payable Additionally, in connection with the acquisition of E4:9, the Company assumed a non-interest-bearing approximately million promissory note to be paid in full at maturity date of July 1, 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company paid the full balance of the promissory note. In July 2022, the Company entered into a promissory note for approximately million in conjunction with a renewal of its director and officer insurance policy. The interest rate was per annum. The note will mature on April 30, 2023. In October 2022, the Company entered into a promissory note for approximately million in conjunction with a renewal of its executive and officer insurance policy. The interest rate was per annum. The note will mature on October 1, 2023. In July 2021, the Company entered into a promissory note for approximately million in conjunction with a renewal of its director and officer insurance policy. The interest rate was per annum. The note matured on July 31, 2022. In October 2021, the Company entered into a promissory note for approximately million in conjunction with a renewal of its executive and officer insurance policy. The interest rate was per annum. The note matured on October 9, 2022. Note Payable Small Business Administration Loan On June 5, 2020, the Company received million in loan funding from the SBA (the SBA Note under the Economic Injury Disaster Loan program. The Company will use all the proceeds of this secured SBA Note solely as working capital to alleviate economic injury caused by COVID-19. The SBA Note is evidenced by a promissory note of the Company dated June 5, 2020 in the principal amount of approximately million, to the SBA, the lender. Under the terms of the SBA Note, interest accrues on the outstanding principal at a rate of per annum, and installment payments began in June 2021. All remaining principal and accrued interest is due and payable in May 2050. 
 F-19 

Table of Contents FATHOM HOLDINGS INC. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Derivative assets 

December 31, 2021 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Mortgage loans held for sale Derivative assets The Company enters into IRLCs to originate residential mortgage loans held for sale, at specified interest rates and within a specific period of time (generally between 30 and 90 days), with customers who have applied for a loan and meet certain credit and underwriting criteria. These IRLCs meet the definition of a derivative and are reflected on the consolidated balance sheets at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in other service revenue on the consolidated statements of operations. Unrealized gains and losses on the IRLCs, reflected as derivative assets and derivative liabilities, respectively, are measured based on the fair value of the underlying mortgage loan, quoted agency mortgage-backed security MBS prices, estimates of the fair value of the mortgage servicing rights and the probability that the mortgage loan will fund within the terms of the IRLC, net of commission expense and broker fees. The fair value of the forward loan sales commitment and mandatory delivery commitments being used to hedge the IRLCs and mortgage loans held for sale not committed to purchasers are based on quoted agency MBS prices. million for the repurchase of shares of the Company s common stock. The share repurchase program does not have a fixed expiration. Under the program, repurchases can be made from time-to-time using a variety of methods, including open market transactions, privately negotiated transactions or by other means, including through the use of trading plans intended to qualify under Rule 10b5-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). The actual timing and amount of future repurchases are subject to business and market conditions, corporate and regulatory requirements, stock price, acquisition opportunities and other factors. The repurchase program does not obligate the Company to acquire any particular number of shares and may be suspended or discontinued at any time at the Company s discretion. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company reacquired shares for approximately million. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had approximately million remaining under the share repurchase authorization. 
 F-20 

Table of Contents FATHOM HOLDINGS INC. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 shares of common stock. The Underwriter Warrant is exercisable at a per share exercise price of and is exercisable at any time through August 4, 2025. As of December 31, 2022, portion of the Underwriter Warrant has been exercised or expired. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company sold shares of common stock in connection with a secondary public offering for million, net of offering costs. shares of common stock are authorized to be issued pursuant to the 2017 Plan. As of December 31, 2022, there were shares available for future grants under the 2017 Plan. The Company has not since August 2019 granted, and in the future does not intend to grant, awards under the 2017 Stock Plan. The Company s 2019 Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan (the 2019 Plan provides for granting stock options and restricted stock awards to employees, directors, contractors and consultants of the Company. During 2022 and 2021, the Company amended the 2019 Plan by adding an additional million and million shares authorized to be issued, respectively. A total of shares of common stock are authorized to be issued pursuant to the 2019 Plan. As of December 31, 2022, there were shares available for future grants under the 2019 Plan. Granted Vested ) ) Forfeited ) ) Nonvested at December 31, 2021 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Nonvested at December 31, 2022 In March 2021, pursuant to the 2019 Plan, in connection with the Company s acquisitions of Naberly and Red Barn (see Note 3), the Company granted restricted stock awards to former founders who are now employees of the Company, of which will vest one year from the grant date, and the remaining will vest from the grant date. The fair value of the Company s restricted stock awards granted in March 2022 was per share based on the Company s closing stock price on the grant date. During 2022 in connection with acquiring brokerage teams, the Company issued an aggregate of restricted stock awards to former founders who are now employees of the Company the majority of which vest within one year from the grant date. At December 31, 2022, the total unrecognized compensation related to unvested restricted stock awards granted was million which the Company expects to recognize over a period of approximately two years . 
 F-21 

Table of Contents FATHOM HOLDINGS INC. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Vested Forfeited Nonvested at December 31, 2022 During 2022, the Company commenced granting restricted stock units to employees and agents. At December 31, 2022, the total unrecognized compensation related to unvested restricted stock units was granted was million which the Company expects to recognize over a period of approximately eighteen months . Stock Option Awards A summary of stock option activity under the 2017 and 2019 Plans are as follows: Granted Exercised ) Balance at December 31, 2021 Granted Exercised Balance at December 31, 2022 Options exercisable at December 31, 2022 The weighted-average grant-date fair value of options granted during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, was and , respectively. At December 31, 2022, the total unrecognized compensation related to unvested stock option awards granted was million which the Company expects to recognize over a period of approximately 7 months . Operations and support Technology and development General and administrative Marketing Total stock-based compensation The Company capitalized million and million of stock-based compensation expense associated with the cost of developing software for internal use during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 F-22 

Table of Contents FATHOM HOLDINGS INC. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 shares of common stock. The Underwriter Warrant is exercisable at a per share exercise price of and is exercisable at any time from and after January 31, 2022 through August 4, 2025. As of December 31, 2022, no portion of the Underwriter Warrant was issued, exercised, or expired. 
 F-23 

Table of Contents FATHOM HOLDINGS INC. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 , subject to certain renewal options as applicable. Leases with an initial term of twelve months or less are not recorded on the balance sheet, and the Company does not separate lease and non-lease components of contracts. There are no material residual guarantees associated with any of the Company s leases, and there are no significant restrictions or covenants included in the Company s lease agreements. Certain leases include variable payments related to common area maintenance and property taxes, which are billed by the landlord, as is customary with these types of charges for office space. Our lease agreements generally do not provide an implicit borrowing rate. Therefore, the Company used a benchmark approach to derive an appropriate imputed discount rate. The Company benchmarked itself against other companies of similar credit ratings and comparable quality and derived an imputed rate, which was used in a portfolio approach to discount its real estate lease liabilities. We used estimated incremental borrowing rates for all active leases. Lease Costs The table below presents certain information related to the lease costs for the Company s operating leases for the periods indicated (amount in thousands): Short-term lease expense Total lease cost Lease Position as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 Right of use lease assets and lease liabilities for our operating leases were recorded in the consolidated balance sheet as follows (amount in thousands): Total lease assets Liabilities Current liabilities: Lease liability - current portion 1,610 Noncurrent liabilities: Lease liability, net of current portion 5,240 Total lease liability 
 F-24 

Table of Contents FATHOM HOLDINGS INC. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Lease Terms and Discount Rate The table below presents certain information related to the weighted average remaining lease term and the weighted average discount rate for the Company s operating leases as of: Weighted average discount rate - operating leases Future Minimum Lease Payments Future lease payments included in the measurement of lease liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022, for the following five fiscal years and thereafter were as follows (amount in thousands): 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 and thereafter Total Minimum Lease Payments Less effects of discounting ) Present value of future minimum lease payments million and million in total rent expense under these leases for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Included in marketing expense for each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was approximately million from related parties in exchange for the Company receiving marketing services. ) Denominator: Weighted- average basic and diluted shares outstanding Net loss per share attributable to common stock basic and diluted ) ) 
 F-25 

Table of Contents FATHOM HOLDINGS INC. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 The following outstanding shares of common stock equivalents were excluded from the computation of the diluted net loss per share attributable to common stock for the periods presented because their effect would have been anti-dilutive. Non-vested restricted stock awards Non-vested restricted stock units Common stock warrants Total current Deferred benefit: Federal ) State ) ) Total deferred ) ) Income tax benefit A reconciliation of the statutory U.S. federal rate to the Company s effective tax rate consists of the following (amount in thousands): ) ) Provision for state income taxes, net of federal benefit ) ) Change in valuation allowance ) ) Nondeductible expenses ) ) Return to provision adjustments Other Income tax benefit Effective Tax Rate 
 F-26 

Table of Contents FATHOM HOLDINGS INC. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 The tax effects of the temporary differences and carryforwards that give rise to the deferred tax assets consist of the following (amount in thousands): Property and equipment Intangibles Reserves Share based compensation Interest expense carryforward Research and development credits Lease liability Basis in partnership Charitable contributions carryover Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities Property and equipment ) ) Intangibles ) ) Internally developed software ) ) Unrealized gain/loss ) Right-of-Use assets ) ) Prepaid expenses ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Valuation allowance ) ) Deferred tax liability, net ) As of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, the Company had federal net operating loss carryforwards of approximately million and million and state net operating loss carryforwards of approximately million and million, respectively. Losses will begin to expire, if not utilized, in 2032. Utilization of the net operating loss carryforwards may be subject to an annual limitation according to Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 as amended, and similar provisions. The Company applies the standards on uncertainty in income taxes contained in ASC Topic 740, Accounting for Income Taxes. The adoption of this interpretation did not have any impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements, as the Company did not have any significant unrecognized tax benefits during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Currently, the statute of limitations remains open subsequent to and including the year ended December 31, 2019. 
 F-27 

Table of Contents FATHOM HOLDINGS INC. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Mortgage Technology Corporate and other services (a) Total revenue 412,963 

Year Ended December 31, Adjusted EBITDA 2022 2021 Real Estate Brokerage Mortgage ) ) Technology ) ) Total Segment Adjusted EBITDA ) ) Corporate and other services (a) ) ) Total Company Adjusted EBITDA ) ) Depreciation and amortization ) ) Other expense (income), net ) Income tax expense (benefit) Stock based compensation ) ) Transaction-related costs ) ) Net loss ) ) 

 (a) Transactions between segments are eliminated in consolidation. Such amounts are eliminated through the Corporate and other services line. 
 
 F-28 

Table of Contents FATHOM HOLDINGS INC. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Encompass Net Worth Requirements In order to maintain approval from the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development to operate as a Title II non-supervised mortgagee, our indirect subsidiary Encompass Lending Group is required to maintain adjusted net worth of and must maintain liquid assets (cash, cash equivalents, or readily convertible instruments) of of the required net worth. As of December 31, 2022, Encompass had adjusted net worth of approximately million and liquid assets of million. Commitments to Extend Credit Encompass enters into IRLCs with borrowers who have applied for residential mortgage loans and have met certain credit and underwriting criteria. These commitments expose the Encompass to market risk if interest rates change and the underlying loan is not economically hedged or committed to a purchaser. Encompass is also exposed to credit loss if the loan is originated and not sold to a purchaser and the mortgagor does not perform. The collateral upon extension of credit is typically a first deed of trust in the mortgagor s residential property. Commitments to originate loans do not necessarily reflect future cash requirements as commitments are expected to expire without being drawn upon. Regulatory Commitments Encompass is subject to periodic audits and examinations, both formal and informal in nature, from various federal and state agencies, including those made as part of the regulatory oversight of mortgage origination, servicing and financing activities. Such audits and examinations could result in additional actions, penalties or fines by state or federal government bodies, regulators or the courts. 
 F-29 

Table of Contents 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. None. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. Disclosure Controls and Procedures We maintain disclosure controls and procedures designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in reports filed under the Exchange Act are recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the specified time periods and accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding disclosure. As required by paragraph (b) of Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 promulgated under the Exchange Act, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer (who is our principal executive officer) and Chief Financial Officer (who is our principal financial officer and principal accounting officer), evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Exchange Act) as of December 31, 2022, the end of our fiscal year. In designing and evaluating disclosure controls and procedures, we recognize that any disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can only provide reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objective. Based on their evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level in ensuring that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our President and Chief Financial Officer, is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Internal control over financial reporting cannot provide absolute assurance of achieving financial reporting objectives because of its inherent limitations. Internal control over financial reporting is a process that involves human diligence and compliance and is subject to lapses in judgment and breakdowns resulting from human failures. Internal control over financial reporting can also be circumvented by collusion or improper override. Because of such limitations, there is a risk that material misstatements may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by internal control over financial reporting. However, these inherent limitations are known features of the financial reporting process, and it is possible to design into the process safeguards to reduce, though not eliminate, this risk. Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our President and Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) (the 2013 Framework ). Based on this evaluation under the 2013 Framework, our Chief Executive Officer and our President and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 47 

Table of Contents 
 Changes in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting There were no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Item 9B. Other Information. None. Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspection. Not applicable. PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. We have adopted a code of ethics relating to the conduct of our business by all of our employees, officers, and directors, as well as a code of conduct specifically for our principal executive officer and senior financial officers. We intend to disclose any amendments to, or waivers from, our codes of ethics that are required to be publicly disclosed pursuant to rules of the SEC by filing such amendment or waiver with the SEC. Each of these policies is posted under the Investors - Governance section of our website, www.fathominc.com . The other information required by this Item concerning our directors is incorporated by reference to the section captioned Election of Directors and Corporate Governance Matters to be contained in (the Proxy Statement ), which information is expected to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the end of our fiscal year pursuant to General Instruction G(3) of Form 10-K. The information required by this Item concerning compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act by our directors, executive officers and persons who own more than 10 of our outstanding common stock is incorporated by reference from the section captioned Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports to be contained in the Proxy Statement, if required. The information required by this Item concerning our executive officers is set forth at the end of Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Item 11. Executive Compensation. The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to the information under the sections captioned Executive Compensation, and Director Compensation in the Proxy Statement. Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to the information under the section captioned Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters contained in the Proxy Statement. Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to the information under the section captioned Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions and Corporate Governance Matters in the Proxy Statement. Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to the information under the section captioned Audit Committee Report in the Proxy Statement. 
 48 

Table of Contents 
 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. (a) The following documents are filed as part of this report: (1) Financial Statements The financial statements and report of the independent registered public accounting firm are filed as part of this Report (see Index to Consolidated Financial Statements at Item 8). (2) Financial Statement Schedules The financial statements schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or the required information is shown in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto. (b) Exhibits. Incorporated by Reference (Unless Otherwise Indicated) Exhibit Number Exhibit Title Form File Exhibit Filing Date 2.1 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated November 4, 2020, by and among Fathom Holdings Inc., Verus Title Inc., and the sellers named therein. 8-K 2.1 November 5, 2020 2.2 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated April 7, 2021, by and among Fathom Holdings Inc., Fathom Merger Sub C, Inc., LiveBy, Inc., the stockholders of LiveBy part hereto and Cory Scott, as stockholder representative. 8-K 2.1 April 9, 2021 2.3 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated April 13, 2021, by and among Fathom Holdings Inc., Fathom Merger Sub A, Inc., Fathom Merger Sub B, LLC, E4:9 Holdings, Inc., the stockholders named therein and Paul S. Marsh, as stockholder representative. 8-K 2.1 April 14, 2021 3.1 Restated Articles of Incorporation of Fathom Holdings Inc. S-1 333-235972 3.1 January 17, 2020 3.1.1 Articles of Amendment to the Restated Articles of Incorporation of Fathom Holdings Inc., effective July 27, 2020. 8-K 3.1 August 4, 2020 3.2 Second Amended and Restated Bylaws of Fathom Holdings Inc. S-1/A 333-235972 3.2 July 16, 2020 4.1 Underwriter Warrant issued August 4, 2020. 8-K 4.1 August 4, 2020 4.2 Description of Securities. 10-K 4.2 March 24, 2021 10.1 Fathom Holdings Inc. 2017 Stock Plan. # 8-K 10.1 August 4, 2020 10.2 Fathom Ventures, Inc. 2017 Stock Plan Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement. # S-1 333-235972 10.2 January 17, 2020 10.3 Fathom Holdings Inc. 2019 Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan. # 8-K 10.2 August 4, 2020 10.3.1 Amendment to Fathom Holdings Inc. 2019 Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan. # 8-K 10.1 October 20, 2021 10.3.2 Amendment to The Fathom Holdings Inc. 2019 Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan # 8-K 10.1 October 31, 2022 
 49 

Table of Contents 
 10.4 Form of Fathom Agent Agreement. # S-1 333-235972 10.7 January 17, 2020 10.5 Commercial Lease Agreement, dated October 12, 2015, by and between Powell Commonwealth Associates, LLC and Fathom Realty, LLC. S-1 333-235972 10.8 January 17, 2020 10.6 Commercial Lease Agreement, entered into on November 21, 2017, by and between King Commercial Properties, LLC and Fathom Realty, LLC. S-1 333-235972 10.9 January 17, 2020 10.7 Lease Agreement, dated October 1, 2015, by and between Henderson Murphy LLC and Fathom Realty Holdings, LLC. S-1 333-235972 10.10 January 17, 2020 16.1 Letter dated June 8, 2021 regarding change in certifying accountant. 8-K 16.1 June 11, 2021 21.1 Fathom Holdings Inc. Subsidiaries. Filed herewith 23.1 Consent of Deloitte Touche LLP. Filed herewith 31.1 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Filed herewith 31.2 Certification of the President and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Filed herewith 32.1 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer and the President and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Filed herewith 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document. Filed herewith 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. Filed herewith 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. Filed herewith 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. Filed herewith 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. Filed herewith 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. Filed herewith 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File, formatted in inline XBRL (included in Exhibit 101). Filed herewith 

 The schedules to these exhibits have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. The Company agrees to furnish a copy of any schedule omitted from the exhibits to the SEC upon request. # Management contract or compensatory plan. Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. Registrants may voluntarily include a summary of information required by Form 10-K under this Item 16. We have elected not to include such summary information. 
 50 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

FATHOM HOLDINGS INC. Date: March 30, 2023 By: /s/ Joshua Harley Joshua Harley Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature Title Date /s/ Joshua Harley Chief Executive Officer and Director March 30, 2023 Joshua Harley (Principal Executive Officer) Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors /s/ Marco Fregenal President, Chief Financial Officer and Director March 30, 2023 Marco Fregenal (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) /s/ Christopher Bennett Director March 30, 2023 Christopher Bennett /s/ Scott Flanders Director March 30, 2023 Scott Flanders /s/ Ravila Gupta Director March 30, 2023 Ravila Gupta /s/ David Hood Director March 30, 2023 David Hood /s/ Glenn Sampson Director March 30, 2023 Glenn Sampson /s/ Jennifer Venable Director March 30, 2023 Jennifer Venable 
 51 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 fthm-20221231xex21d1.htm
 EX-21.1

Exhibit 21.1 Listing of Subsidiaries 

Name of Subsidiary Jurisdiction of Incorporation E4:9 Holdings, LLC Delaware IntelliAgent, LLC Texas Fathom Realty Holdings LLC Texas Verus Holdings Inc. North Carolina 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 fthm-20221231xex23d1.htm
 EX-23.1

Exhibit 23.1 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement No. 333-259478 on Form S-3 and Registration Statements No. 333-248234 and 333-265625 on Form S-8 of our report dated March 30, 2023, relating to the financial statements of Fathom Holdings Inc. appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/ Deloitte Touche LLP Raleigh, North Carolina March 30, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 fthm-20221231xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31.1 CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Joshua Harley, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Fathom Holdings Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

March 30, 2023 By: /s/ Joshua Harley Joshua Harley Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 fthm-20221231xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 31.2 CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Marco Fregenal, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Fathom Holdings Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

March 30, 2023 By: /s/ Marco Fregenal Marco Fregenal President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 fthm-20221231xex32d1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 32.1 CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND THE PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of Fathom Holdings Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), Joshua Harley, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and Marco Fregenal, President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, each hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to his knowledge: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 30, 2023 By: /s/ Joshua Harley Joshua Harley Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) By: /s/ Marco Fregenal Marco Fregenal President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 fthm-20221231.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 fthm-20221231_cal.xml
 EX-101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 fthm-20221231_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 fthm-20221231_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 fthm-20221231_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

