<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230327_10-K_edgar_data_355379_0001558370-23-004742.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>84478811</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>996033</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>63277322</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>8964185</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3437734</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>7050554</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001558370-23-004742.hdr.sgml : 20230327
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230327172322
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001558370-23-004742
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		340
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230327
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230327

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MIDWEST HOLDING INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000355379
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	LIFE INSURANCE [6311]
		IRS NUMBER:				200362426
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39812
		FILM NUMBER:		23765494

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2900 SOUTH 70TH STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 400
		CITY:			LINCOLN
		STATE:			NE
		ZIP:			68506
		BUSINESS PHONE:		402-489-8266

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2900 SOUTH 70TH STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 400
		CITY:			LINCOLN
		STATE:			NE
		ZIP:			68506

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MIDWEST HOLDING INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20000101

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MIDWEST NATIONAL CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19860123

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001558370-23-004742.txt : 20230327

10-K
 1
 mdwt-20221231x10k.htm
 10-K

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 

(Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 or TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 or 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 COMMISSION FILE NUMBER Midwest Holding Inc. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) incorporation or organization) , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) Registrant s telephone number, including area code: Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class: Trading Symbol(s): Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered The Stock Market, LLC Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None. Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405c of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or reviewed financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No The aggregate market value of the shares of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates as of the last day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter was million calculated by reference to the average of the bid and ask price of such voting common stock on June 30, 2022. As of March 27, 2023, there were shares of voting common stock, par value 0.001 per share, issued and outstanding . DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Document Incorporated as to Proxy Statement for the Part III 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders 

Table of Contents 
 MIDWEST HOLDING INC. FORM 10-K TABLE OF CONTENTS Item No. Item Caption Page PART I Item 1. Business 5 Item 1A. Risk Factors 18 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 34 Item 2. Properties 35 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 35 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 35 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 36 Item 6. Reserved 36 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 36 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 55 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 55 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 55 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 56 Item 9B. Other Information 57 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 57 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 58 Item 11. Executive Compensation 58 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 58 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 58 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 58 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 59 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 62 Signatures 63 
 2 

Table of Contents 
 SPECIAL CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS Certain statements contained in this Form 10-K constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and we intend that all forward-looking statements that we make will be subject to the safe harbor protections created thereby. These statements are based on management s expectations, estimates, projections and assumptions. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology including could, may, will, should, expect, plan, anticipate, believe, estimate, predict, potential, intend, or continue, the negative of these terms, or other comparable terminology used in connection with any discussion of future operating results or financial performance. These statements are only predictions and reflect our management s good faith present expectation of future events and are subject to a number of important factors and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. Factors that may cause our actual results to differ materially from those contemplated or projected, forecast, estimated or budgeted in such forward-looking statements include among others, the following possibilities: our business plan, particularly including our reinsurance strategy, may not prove to be successful in the long run; the success of changes in executive leadership; our reliance on third-party insurance marketing organizations to market and sell our insurance products through a network of independent agents; adverse changes in the ratings obtained from independent rating agencies; failure to maintain adequate reinsurance; our inability to expand our insurance operations outside the 24 states and the District of Columbia in which we are currently licensed; our annuity products may not achieve significant market acceptance; we may continue to experience operating losses in the future; the possible loss or retirement of one or more of our key executive personnel; intense competition, including pricing competition, the entry of new competitors, and the introduction of new products by new and existing competitors, many of whom have capital and human resources in excess of ours; adverse state and federal legislation or regulation, including limitations on premium levels, increases in minimum capital and reserve requirements, benefit mandates and tax treatment of insurance products; the effects of inflation; fluctuations in interest rates causing a reduction of investment income or increase in interest expense and in the market value of interest-rate sensitive investments; the effect of adverse economic factors, including bank failures and concerns of a potential economic downturn or recession; failure to obtain new customers, retain existing customers, or reductions in policies in force by existing customers; higher service, administrative, or general expense due to the need for additional marketing, administrative or management information systems expenditures related to implementation of our business plan; 
 3 

Table of Contents 
 the effect of cybersecurity risks, including technology breaches or failure; changes in our liquidity due to changes in asset and liability matching; possible claims relating to sales practices for insurance products; accuracy of management s assumptions and estimates; variability of statutory capital required to be held by insurance or reinsurance entities; and lawsuits in the ordinary course of business. 
 See Risk Factors beginning on page 18 for further discussion of the material risks associated with our business. You should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this Form 10-K or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. Unless the context otherwise requires, we use the terms Midwest Holding, the Company, we, us and our in this Form 10-K to refer to Midwest Holding Inc. together with its consolidated subsidiaries and any reference to Midwest relates to Midwest Holding Inc. (parent) only. Summary of Risks Associated with our Business and Voting Common Stock Our business is subject to risks of which you should be aware before making an investment decision. These risks are discussed more fully in the Risk Factors section of this report. A summary of these risks include, but are not limited to, the following: Our use of IMOs (as defined below) could face several difficulties that could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Our reinsurance program was designed to enable us to write larger amounts of business while limiting our risk exposure and maximizing the use of our available regulatory capital. Market conditions beyond our control impact the availability and cost of the reinsurance we purchase. No assurances can be given that reinsurance will remain continuously available to us to the same extent and on the same terms and rates as currently available. We remain liable with respect to ceded insurance should any reinsurer fail to meet the obligations assumed by that reinsurer. The inability to obtain upgrades to our financial strength and other ratings from A.M. Best, or the possibility of a downgrade in our ratings, may have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, the marketability of our annuity product offerings, and our liquidity, operating results, financial condition, and prospects. Our new insurance products and other products we may develop may not achieve market penetration. Fluctuations in interest rates could cause a reduction in investment income or adversely affect the market value of interest-rate sensitive investments, which could adversely affect our business and could cause our debt service obligations to increase significantly. The insurance industry is highly regulated and our activities are restricted as a result. State insurance regulators are charged with protecting policyholders and have broad regulatory, supervisory and administrative powers over our business practices, including, among other things, the power to grant and revoke licenses to transact business, and the power to regulate and approve underwriting practices and rate changes, which may delay the implementation of premium rate changes or prevent us from making changes we believe are necessary to match rate to risk. The domiciliary regulator of American Life, the Nebraska Department of Insurance, imposes risk-based capital requirements on insurance companies to ensure they maintain appropriate levels of surplus to support their overall business operations 
 4 

Table of Contents 
 and to protect customers against adverse developments. If the amount of our capital falls below this minimum, we may face restrictions with respect to soliciting new business and/or keeping existing business. Similar regulations may apply in other states in which American Life currently does or may operate. We are highly dependent upon Georgette Nicholas, our Chief Executive Officer, and Mike Minnich, our President, and the loss of either of these officers could materially and adversely affect our business. We operate in a highly competitive industry, and our business will suffer if we are unable to compete effectively. The ongoing events resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic, and the uncertainty regarding future similar events, could have an adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity, and prospects. Our business plan, seeking to become a capital efficient, technology-enabled and service-oriented solutions provider to the annuity and life markets, may not be successful. We have experienced significant operating losses due to expected, upfront expenses. Failure to scale our company may result in non-recovery of upfront operating costs and continued operating losses. The impact on potential customers and vendors of sustained or significant deterioration in national or worldwide economic conditions, including due to concerns of a potential economic downturn or recession, could adversely affect our business. We are exposed to significant financial and capital markets risk, including changes in interest rates, equity prices, market volatility, inflation, the performance of the economy in general, the performance of the specific obligors included in our investment portfolio and other factors outside our control. Our exposure to interest rate risk relates primarily to the market price of our investment portfolio and cash flow variability associated with changes in interest rates which may lead to spread compression between our assets and liabilities, or cause our debt service obligations to increase significantly. Our business success depends, in part, on effective information technology systems and on continuing to develop and implement improvements in our technology. The market price and trading volume of our voting common stock have been volatile, which has resulted in, and could continue to result in, rapid and substantial losses for our stockholders. Our failure to meet the continued listing requirements of The Nasdaq Capital Market could result in a delisting of our voting common stock. There may be future issuances or resales of our voting common stock, which may materially and adversely affect the market price of our voting common stock. Guarantees within certain of our products may adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations. Deviations from assumptions regarding future persistency, mortality, morbidity, and interest rates used in calculating reserve amounts could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations or financial condition. ITEM 1. BUSINESS. Our Company and Business Model We are a financial services company focused on helping individuals plan and secure their future by providing technology-enabled and services-oriented solutions through our annuity products. We currently distribute our annuities through independent distributors who are primarily independent marketing organizations IMOs ). Our operations are comprised of three distinct, interconnected businesses insurance, reinsurance, and asset management. We seek to reinsure our annuity policies using a reinsurance platform that is attractive to traditional reinsurance entities and other institutional investors seeking above average risk-adjusted returns uncorrelated to the equity 
 5 

Table of Contents 
 markets. We have developed relationships with reinsurers who capitalize and manage their own reinsurance capital vehicles utilizing our infrastructure and expertise, as well as through our own captive reinsurer. Our long-term goal is to build a platform that provides competitive annuity and life insurance products via efficient technology resulting in a seamless customer experience. We believe that our operating capabilities and technology platform provides annuity distributors and reinsurers with flexible and cost-effective solutions. We seek to create value through our ability to provide the distributors and reinsurers with annuity product innovation, speed to market for new products, competitive rates and commissions, and streamlined customer and agent experiences. Our capital model allows us to support increasing annuity sales volumes with capital capacity provided by reinsurers. We work to provide an end-to-end solution to manage annuity products that includes a broad set of product development, distribution support, policy administration, and asset/liability management services. Our platform enables us to efficiently develop, sell and administer a wide range of products. Our asset management services are also provided to third-party insurers and reinsurers. We currently offer annuity products, consisting of multi-year guaranteed annuity MYGA and fixed indexed annuity FIA policies, through IMOs that in turn distribute our products and services to independent insurance agents in 24 states and the District of Columbia. We further provide IMOs with our product development expertise, administrative capabilities and technology platform. We seek to reinsure a significant portion of the risk associated with our annuity policies with third-party reinsurers and our captive reinsurance subsidiary, Seneca Reinsurance Company, LLC Seneca Re ). Our third-party reinsurers include both traditional reinsurers and capital markets reinsurers, who are seeking exposure to reinsurance revenue and typically do not have their own reinsurance platforms or insurance-related operations. We also have the flexibility to selectively retain assets and liabilities associated with our policies for a period of time when we expect that doing so will provide an attractive return on our capital. We were formed in 2003 as a financial services company and began our insurance operations in 2009. Following a change in control transaction in 2018, we began implementing our current business model and strategic plan. In December 2020, our voting common stock was listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the ticker symbol MDWT. We operate our core business through four subsidiaries under one reportable segment. American Life Security Corp. American Life is a Nebraska-domiciled life insurance company, currently licensed to sell, underwrite, and market life insurance and annuity products in 24 states and the District of Columbia. American Life obtained a financial strength rating of B++ Good from A.M. Best Company A.M. Best ), a leading rating agency for insurance companies, in December 2018. That rating was affirmed in March 2023 when A.M. Best also revised their outlook for American Life from Positive to Stable. All of our annuities are written by American Life. Our other insurance subsidiary, Seneca Re, is a Vermont-domiciled sponsored captive reinsurance company established in early 2020 to reinsure various types of risks on behalf of American Life and third-party capital providers through special purpose reinsurance entities known as protected cells. Through Seneca Re, we assist capital market investors in establishing and licensing new protected cells. Midwest Capital Corp., a Delaware corporation, was established as a holding company and is the immediate parent of Seneca Incorporated Cell, LLC 2021-03 SRC3 ), both of which are consolidated into our financials. 1505 Capital LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 1505 Capital ), is an SEC registered investment adviser providing financial, investment advisory, and management services. We seek to deliver long-term value by growing our annuity volumes and generating profitable fee-based revenue. We generate fees and other revenue based on the gross deposits received on the annuity policies we issue, reinsure, and administer. By reinsuring a significant portion of the annuity policies we issue, the level of capital needed for American Life is significantly less than what would be required if we retained all of the business on our books. We believe this capital light approach has the potential to produce enhanced returns for our business compared to a traditional insurance company capital structure. This strategy helps reduce our insurance regulatory capital requirements because policies that are reinsured require substantially less capital and surplus than policies retained by us. 
 6 

Table of Contents 
 We utilize our insurance and ancillary services businesses to develop and issue annuities through IMOs. We generally seek to reinsure a significant portion of the financial risk associated with our policies to third-party reinsurers, including traditional and capital markets reinsurers, and Seneca Re. Through our ancillary services businesses we administer the policies we issue and offer asset management services to our reinsurance partners for fees. Through Seneca Re, we also assist capital markets investors in establishing and licensing new special purpose reinsurance entities. We believe our broad service offering provides a growing and valuable fee stream, and expect that our policy administration and asset management fee income will increase as we grow our number of administered policies and the associated assets that we manage. In the future, we expect to have opportunities to increase our policy administration and asset management revenue by providing these services on a stand-alone basis to new customers. We seek to create value for our distribution and reinsurance partners by facilitating product innovation, rapid speed to market for new products, competitively-priced products, streamlined customer and agent experience, and efficient technology-enabled operations. We generate fee income from reinsurers in the form of ceding commissions, policy administration fees, and asset management fees. We typically receive upfront ceding commissions and expense reimbursements at the time the policies are reinsured and policy administration fees over the policy lifetimes. We also earn asset management fees on the assets we hold that support the obligations of many of our reinsurers. In investing on behalf of our insurance and reinsurance company subsidiaries, we seek to maximize yield by constructing portfolios that include a diversified portfolio of bonds, mortgages, private credit and structured securities, including collateralized loan obligations, while minimizing the difference in duration between our investment assets and liabilities. Our Products Through American Life we presently issue several MYGA and FIA products (including two FIA bonus options). We presently are not offering any traditional life insurance products. Fixed indexed annuities are a type of insurance contract in which the policyholder makes one or more premium deposits, earning interest at a crediting rate determined in relation to a specific market index, on a tax-deferred basis. Multi-year guaranteed annuities are insurance contracts under which the policyholder makes deposits and earns a crediting rate guaranteed for a specified number of years before it may be changed. American Life s MYGA products are three- and five-year single premium deferred individual annuity contracts, providing consumers with an attractive, low-risk, predictable, and tax-deferred investment option. American Life s FIA products are long-term (7- and 10-year) annuity products with interest rates that are tied, in part, to published stock market indices selected by customers from designated indices. The FIA products are modified single premium annuity contracts designed for individuals seeking to benefit from potential market gains with fully protected principal. American Life began selling its MYGA and FIA products in 2019. Depending on market demand American Life may consider offering a variety of insurance products, including but not limited to fixed deferred, fixed indexed or registered index-linked annuities or hybrids thereof. Any new insurance or annuity products we create will be filed with and approved by appropriate state insurance regulatory authorities before being offered to the public. American Life s MYGA and FIA products were developed using an independent consulting actuary, and we expect that any new products will utilize similar services. Our long-term plan is to broaden the distribution of our products to new states as well as new distribution partners and channels. 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 The table below sets forth American Life s MYGA and FIA deposits received during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 (In thousands) Deposits Received (1) Deposits Received (1) Annuity Premium MYGA 397,353 126,588 FIA 318,480 345,058 Total issued 715,833 471,646 1) Under generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America GAAP ), these products are defined as deposit-type contracts; therefore, the deposits received are accounted for under GAAP as deposit-type liabilities on our balance sheet and are not recognized as revenue in our Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss. Under Statutory Accounting Principles SAP ), the MYGA and FIA premiums are treated as premiums written and as revenue when earned. SAP primarily differs from GAAP by charging policy acquisition costs to expense as incurred, establishing future benefit liabilities using actuarial assumptions as well as valuing investments and certain assets and accounting for deferred taxes on a different basis. 
 Our Ancillary Services Policy Administration We provide a cloud-based policy administration solution called m.pas, which operates as a division of American Life. We built m.pas to provide a scalable policy administration solution for annuity products. This platform is a flexible solution designed to aggregate and manage structured and unstructured data, and provide operational efficiencies leading to lower policy administration costs relative to traditional insurance carriers. This technology-enabled solution also provides relatively shortened new product launch capabilities and our platform facilitates integration of asset/liability management into traditional asset portfolio risk systems. We are under contract with most of our reinsurers to administer all policies ceded under our various reinsurance agreements. We believe this solution creates an opportunity to expand these services in the future into a broader business as a third-party administrator TPA for other insurers. Asset Management 1505 Capital provides asset-liability management services to American Life, third-party reinsurers and third-party insurance clients. 1505 Capital provides its expertise and infrastructure to develop and implement customized solutions for clients seeking to optimize risk-adjusted portfolio yields, liquidity, maturity profile, risk and capital monitoring, and asset-liability management. 1505 Capital also focuses on originating and managing commercial mortgages, private credit, and structured products. We generally require reinsurers to secure their obligations to American Life in the form of assets deposited on American Life s balance sheet or via assets held in trust to provide security for potential claims. Reinsurers may appoint 1505 Capital to manage these assets pursuant to guidelines adopted by us that are consistent with state investment statutes and reinsurance regulations. As of December 31, 2022, 1505 Capital had approximately 501.9 million total third-party reinsurer assets under management. Our Partners Distributors We currently have selling agreements with 27 IMOs that contract with numerous independent agents to sell our annuity policies. The IMOs recruit, train and support independent agents who sell annuities, life insurance and other financial products to consumers. Although we contract with the IMOs, we also generally have a producer agreement with each agent. We require agents who distribute our policies to complete our product and compliance training in anti-money laundering, annuity products and annuity suitability, and the annuity products we offer. As of December 31, 2022, we had more than 2,900 active agents under contract. We support our distribution partners by enabling them to introduce additional products, meet the needs of independent agents and consumers, implement flexible policy designs, and bring new products to market quickly. Our technology capabilities allow for flexible 
 8 

Table of Contents 
 product design with speed to market to meet the needs of independent agents and consumers. We believe that if we are able to achieve an upgrade of American Life s A.M. Best rating to A-, it would increase the demand for our annuities, and would attract additional distribution and reinsurance partners, including small- to mid-sized banks and broker-dealers. Reinsurance. As indicated above, reinsurance is an integral part of our business plan. We market, underwrite, and issue annuity products through American Life and seek to reinsure the policies with third-party reinsurers and Seneca Re. We partner with traditional third-party reinsurers and reinsurers sponsored by capital markets investors, including asset managers and institutional investors. We believe this strategy helps us preserve our capital while supporting sales growth because we have lower capital requirements when the policy liabilities are reinsured than when we retain all of the policy liabilities. In some cases, we will retain our policies for a period of time in our captive reinsurance company in order to create block reinsurance transactions. We expect that our ability to accumulate and reinsure larger portfolios of policies over time should increase the size and number of reinsurers who seek to reinsure our liabilities. Seneca Re was formed to operate as a sponsored captive insurance company for the purpose of reinsuring insurance policies through protected cells, under Vermont insurance regulations. Seneca Re provides an efficient structure for capital markets investors to reinsure our policies through protected cells that we manage. As of December 31, 2022, through Seneca Re and American Life we had six reinsurance agreements with third parties and a reinsurance agreement with an affiliate of Crestline Assurance Holdings LLC. Our Technology Our business model utilizes a modern, end-to-end, cloud-based technology platform that we began implementing in 2018. This platform enables us to develop, sell and administer a broad range of competitive annuity products. We license key components of our technology from third-party software providers, including product development, new business, distribution management, and policy administration applications. We believe this strategy allows us to provide high quality technology capabilities with limited capital investment and increased flexibility. In addition, we have added several core technology integrations to optimize the speed and efficiency of our interactions with IMOs, their agents, and policyholders, including document management, electronic application capability, secure log-ins, and an agent and policyholder portal. We believe our technology platform provides cost effective product development, sales, and administration that enables us to control the growth of our operating and other expenses while expanding our operations and growing our sales volume. Our Market Opportunity We participate in a large U.S. market that we expect to grow in part due to a number of demographic trends. As measured by annual premiums written, annuities are the largest product line in the life, annuity, and accident and health sector. Annuities play an important role in retirement planning by providing individuals with stable, tax-efficient sources of income. In 2021 annuity premiums, totalled 319 billion, or approximately 30 of the 1.1 trillion of total annual life, annuity, and accident and health premiums that year according to the Insurance Information Institute. The most common annuities are fixed and variable and may be written on an individual or group basis. Our current products are fixed annuities written on an individual basis. An increasing portion of the U.S. population is of retirement age and is expected to increase the retirement income needs of retirees. The number of people of retirement age has increased significantly since 2010, driven by the aging of the Baby Boomer generation. The U.S. population over 65 years old is forecast to grow from 56 million in 2020 to an estimated 81 million in the next 20 years, according to the U.S. Census Bureau, Population Estimates and Projections. This study also forecasted that the U.S. population aged over 65 years old is expected to grow by 44 from 2020 to 2040, while the total U.S. population is expected to grow by only 12 . 
 9 

Table of Contents 
 Annuities in the U.S. are distributed through a number of channels, most of which are independent from the insurance companies that issue annuities. Independent distribution channels serve as the primary, and a growing, source of annuity distribution. In 2021, approximately 77 of U.S. individual annuity sales occurred through independent distributors, including independent agents, broker-dealers, and banks, representing an increase from approximately 70 in 2017 according to U.S. Individual Annuities, 2021 Year in Review, Life Insurance Marketing and Research Association LIMRA ), 2022. Independent agents are the second largest distribution channel, behind independent broker-dealers, accounting for approximately 19 of U.S. individual annuity sales in 2021. IMOs provide independent agents with access to annuity products along with operational support services and functionality to support the distribution services of the agents. The infrastructure and support services provided by IMOs to independent agents are critical to the success of independent agents and their ability to serve their customers and generate additional sales. We believe that capital markets investors have been actively seeking, investing in, and acquiring insurance and reinsurance companies in recent years. Fixed annuities provide upfront premiums and stable, long-term payment obligations and are thus attractive sources of liability-funded assets for a variety of traditional and alternative asset managers and investors. However, there are significant regulatory and operational hurdles for capital providers looking to enter the insurance market. These hurdles are exacerbated by the limited legacy administrative capabilities, product development processes, and technology systems, of traditional insurers and reinsurers. We provide asset managers and investors the ability to seamlessly access funding from annuities through a variety of reinsurance entities that we are able to form quickly and operate efficiently with lower upfront and ongoing regulatory and operating costs. We operate in highly competitive markets with a variety of participants, including insurance companies, financial institutions, asset managers, and reinsurance companies. These companies compete in various forms in the annuity market, for investment assets and for services. We seek to build strong relationships along with offering technology-enabled and services-oriented solutions for our partners. Our Competitive Strengths Differentiated Value Proposition We provide annuity product development and asset management services, enhanced by American Life s A.M. Best financial strength rating and licenses to sell annuity products in 24 states and the District of Columbia. We have developed and implemented a technology platform and administrative services that we believe provides us with the opportunity to expand our revenue opportunities, lower our operating costs on a per policy basis and increase customer value for our distribution partners. We believe our business model and multi-service capabilities provide our reinsurance and capital provider participants with attractive capital deployment opportunities. We also believe our ongoing strategy to have American Life become licensed to sell insurance in additional states and seek a higher A.M. Best rating will further strengthen our value. Multiple Revenue Sources Our business model generates upfront ceding commissions and fee-based revenue from recurring policy administration and asset management fees. We receive ceding commissions and expense reimbursement from reinsurers at the time we cede our primary insurance liabilities to them, providing meaningful cash flow. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we generated 11.5 and 11.2 million, respectively, in upfront ceding commissions. On our balance sheet is an item deferred gains on reinsurance equaling 38.1 million and 28.6 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which will be earned as revenue over the contract periods. Amortization of the deferred gain on reinsurance was 4.8 million and 3.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively, and was recognized as revenue under GAAP. We also receive policy administration fees on annuities that we issue and manage, and we receive asset management fees from most of our third-party reinsurers relating to assets they deposit as collateral to cover claims on the policies they reinsure. These fees are typically received over the life of our annuity products, usually over five to ten years, thereby providing a stable revenue stream. We may also earn investment income (spread income) on assets not ceded to reinsurers. Capital Structure Our business model utilizes our regulated insurance and reinsurance subsidiaries to transfer assets and liabilities associated with our issued annuities to third-party capital providers and Seneca Re via reinsurance agreements. This strategy reduces our regulatory capital 
 10 

Table of Contents 
 and surplus requirements because policies that are reinsured require less capital and surplus reserves than policies retained by us, allowing us to grow our business without significant capital constraints. Effective Use of Technology We believe we are well-positioned to capitalize on the accelerating trend of digital transformation across the insurance industry. We believe our modern, fully functional technology platform provides us a significant opportunity to penetrate large addressable markets with our compressed product development cycles. Scalable, Low-Cost Operations We focus on investing in technology-enhanced processes that improve the efficiency and effectiveness of developing, distributing, issuing, and managing our annuity products. We believe our model allows us to develop attractively priced products that are desirable for our IMOs to market. We currently operate on a small scale in a large addressable market. Going forward, our technology platform and streamlined processes should enable us to be scalable and allow us to produce incremental premium volumes without significant additional investment in infrastructure and with low incremental fixed operating costs. Lower-Risk, Business Model We believe our business model enables us to operate with reduced risk because we reinsure a substantial portion of our business. While we would have to pay policy claims in the event of non-payment by any of our reinsurers, we often obtain collateral for policy claims from reinsurers or use reinsurers who have creditworthy ratings. Further, we have designed American Life s MYGA and FIA products to have fixed, predictable costs with low volatility and surrender charges that discourage redemptions prior to maturity and contain features to reward persistency. We generate revenue through the ceding commissions and other fee income we receive from our reinsurance providers and the ancillary services we provide. Also, we incur minimal direct expenses associated with the ceding commissions we generate, and we incur low incremental expenses on additional policy volumes we produce. As a result, we believe we will be able to achieve profitable incremental fee-based revenue from additional premium volume. Because we have a fully integrated technology platform, we also expect that we will be able to increase our operating margins as we continue to scale our business. Entrepreneurial, Highly Experienced and Aligned Management Team Our highly experienced, entrepreneurial senior management team has extensive experience in insurance, technology, and investment management. Georgette Nicholas, our Chief Executive Officer, has more than 30 years experience in the global financial services industry including insurance, reinsurance, and capital markets. She has a commitment to developing strong culture and leadership in organizations, supporting diversity and inclusion to grow engagement. Ms. Nicholas previously held the position of CEO and Managing Director for Genworth Mortgage Insurance Australia, a publicly listed Australian Securities Exchange Ltd company in Sydney, Australia. She also held various investor relations roles with Genworth Financial, Inc. and chief financial officer roles in Genworth Financial, Inc. s mortgage insurance business and controllership. Ms. Nicholas also worked in public accounting, including as a firm director with Deloitte. Mike Minnich, our President, has over 25 years of experience in asset management, insurance company management, technology and risk management. Mr. Minnich also serves as managing member of Rendezvous Capital LLC, a New York firm advising insurers on capital and investments. Previously, he was a Managing Director at Swiss Re, where he managed a multibillion-dollar investment portfolio. Our Growth Strategy Expand Market Presence We believe that our current product offerings should enable us to achieve policy sales growth as we increase the number of states in which we become licensed to sell insurance. Many of our IMOs distribute to insurance agents throughout the United States, and we expect they will increase their sales volume as American Life enters new states. 
 11 

Table of Contents 
 On December 22, 2022, American Life was approved for business in the state of Florida, expanding our operating footprint to 23 states and the District of Columbia. On February 24, 2023, American Life was approved for business in the state of Georgia, adding a 24th state to our operating footprint. The 24 states in which we operate and the District of Columbia represented over 113 billion in total annuity premiums during 2021. By comparison, we generated 715.8 million of total annuity premiums under SAP for the year ended December 31, 2022. Develop Additional Distribution and Reinsurance Relationships We currently distribute annuity products through 27 third-party IMOs. We believe our product development, prompt policy processing, operating flexibility and speed to market make us a desirable partner for insurance distributors. We seek to grow by increasing volumes with our current IMOs and by establishing new IMO relationships. We are seeking to leverage the relationships we have with reinsurers, capital markets investors, and reinsurance intermediaries to develop additional reinsurance relationships. In addition, as indicated above, we established Seneca Re in early 2020 to operate as a sponsored captive insurance company for the purpose of insuring and reinsuring various types of insurance risks for American Life and various third-party capital providers through protected cells. Also, in early 2020, we developed a strategic relationship with Crestline Assurance Holdings LLC and its affiliates (discussed below) to provide reinsurance capital and access to quality assets with attractive risk-adjusted returns. Exploit Established Corporate Platform We believe that we have the leadership and corporate culture, industry relationships, infrastructure, and technology to achieve growth and improve operating margins with increased annuity sales. We believe we have an efficient corporate platform to support increased sales volumes, expansion of our distribution relationships, and the development of new annuity products without significant additional incremental costs. Revenue from Policy Administration and Asset Management Services In addition to the ceding commissions we receive through our reinsurance strategy, we generate recurring fee income for providing policy administration and asset management services to third-party reinsurers. We are contracted to administer all our policies ceded under various reinsurance agreements. We also provide asset management services for most of our third-party reinsurers. We believe these complementary services provide a differentiated solution to third-party reinsurers that should assist us in developing additional reinsurer relationships. Continue to Invest in Technology Capabilities Our business strategy is centered upon our commitment to apply technology to improve and expand our business. We have developed a modern technology platform with a combination of proprietary and third-party systems enabling us to efficiently develop, sell and administer a broad range of annuity products. We expect to continue developing our platform to expand the technology-enabled capabilities we offer to distributors and reinsurers. History Midwest Holding Inc. is a financial services holding company that was originally incorporated in Nebraska in October 2003. In September 2009, our subsidiary American Life was issued a certificate of authority to conduct life insurance business in Nebraska. In June 2018, we underwent a change in control with a then non-affiliated third-party, Xenith Holdings LLC Xenith and its parent Vespoint LLC Vespoint ). Midwest contributed 20.5 million of capital to American Life from the funds received in the change of control transaction. Following the 2018 change of control and capital infusion we embarked on implementing our current business plan. In April 2020, we entered into an agreement with Crestline Assurance Holdings LLC Crestline ), an institutional alternative investment management firm, under which we issued 444,444 shares of our voting common stock to Crestline for proceeds of 10.0 million. Also, in April 2020, we issued 231,655 shares of our voting common stock to various other investors in separate transactions 
 12 

Table of Contents 
 for approximately 5.3 million. We contributed 5.0 million of the net proceeds to American Life and used 3.3 million of the proceeds to capitalize Seneca Re and its first protected cell. In August 2020, we effected a 500 for one reverse stock split of our issued and outstanding shares of voting common stock, and reincorporated in Delaware. On December 17, 2020, our voting common stock was listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol MDWT. On December 21, 2020, we completed a public offering of 1,000,000 shares of our voting common stock at a price to the public of 70.00 per share. The aggregate net proceeds of the offering totalled approximately 65.1 million, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions. On November 10, 2021, Midwest purchased 1,000 shares of Common Stock, .01 par value per share for a total purchase price of 5.7 million, for 100 ownership in Midwest Capital Corporation MCC ), an intermediary holding company. Also, on November 10, 2021, Seneca Re Incorporated Cell 2021-03 SRC3 was granted a Certificate of Authority by the Vermont Department of Financial Regulation VDFR ). MCC contributed capital of 5.5 million to purchase 100 of SRC3 Class A and B capital stock. Also, on November 10, 2021, American Life and SRC3 entered into a Funds Withheld and Modified Coinsurance Agreement, whereby SRC3 agreed to provide reinsurance funding for a quota share percentage of 45 of the liabilities of American Life arising from its MYGA products and a quota share percentage of 45 of the liabilities of American Life arising from its FIA products. In the fourth quarter of 2022, the agreement with SRC3 was amended to provide a one time reinsurance funding for a quota share of 10.0 million of premiums related to American Life s FIA products. The quota share reverted to 0 of FIA products in January 2023. As discussed elsewhere, Midwest owned a 100 interest in SRC1 by contributing a total of 21.4 million. On December 30, 2021, Midwest closed the sale of approximately 70 of Seneca Incorporated Cell, LLC 2020-01 SRC1 to a subsidiary of ORIX Corporation USA ORIX USA for 15.0 million. Under the terms of the agreement, Midwest holds a 30 ownership interest in SRC1. ORIX Advisers, LLC, another subsidiary of ORIX USA, became the manager of the assets underlying SRC1 s reinsurance obligations, replacing Midwest s asset management arm, 1505 Capital LLC. Crestline Relationship On April 24, 2020, we entered into the Securities Purchase Agreement with Crestline under which we issued 444,444 shares of our voting common stock to Crestline for aggregate proceeds of 10.0 million, and also issued 231,655 shares of our voting common stock to various other investors in separate transactions for approximately 5.3 million. We contributed 5.0 million of the net proceeds to American Life and used 3.3 million of the proceeds to capitalize Seneca Re and its first protected cell. We also entered into a Stockholders Agreement along with Xenith and Vespoint that grants Crestline certain rights. Also, Douglas K. Bratton, a principal of Crestline, was appointed as a director of both the Midwest Holding Inc. Board of Directors (the Board and the American Life Board of Directors. In addition, on April 24, 2020, American Life entered into a three-year master letter agreement and related reinsurance, trust, and asset management agreement with Seneca Re and a Crestline affiliate regarding the flow of annuity reinsurance and related asset management, whereby Crestline agreed to provide reinsurance funding for a quota share percentage of 25 of the liabilities of American Life arising from its MYGA products and a quota share percentage of 40 of the liabilities of American Life arising from its FIA products. The Crestline affiliate contributed 40.0 million of assets to capitalize SRC2, now known as Crestline Re SP1 Crestline SP1 ). Through December 31, 2022, American Life had ceded 440.9 million face amount of annuities to Crestline SP1. American Life received total ceding commissions of 2.6 million and expense reimbursements of 8.8 million in connection with these transactions for the year ended December 31, 2022. Effective December 8, 2020, American Life entered into a novation agreement with SRC2 and Crestline Re SPC, an exempted segregated portfolio company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands, for and on behalf of Crestline SP1, a segregated portfolio company of Crestline Re SPC, under which the above described reinsurance, trust, and related asset management agreements were novated and replaced with substantially similar agreements entered into by American Life and Crestline SP1. On September 16, 2022, Midwest Holding and Crestline executed a Letter of Understanding relating to the Stockholders Agreement. Midwest and Crestline agreed that Mr. Bratton would resign from the Boards of Directors of Midwest and American Life. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the parties agreed that Mr. Bratton s resignation and Crestline s decision to no longer appoint a director does not constitute a permanent waiver of Crestline s rights under the Stockholders Agreement to appoint a director. Midwest and 
 13 

Table of Contents 
 Crestline agreed that the foregoing described agreement will remain in place until the earlier to occur of the date (i) that the parties reach written agreement otherwise, (ii) that Crestline is no longer an affiliate of a life insurance entity it recently acquired and (iii) on which Crestline no longer has the right to elect or appoint a designated director and observer to the Boards of Directors of Midwest and American Life. Employees As of December 31, 2022, we had 93 total employees, including 91 full time employees. Our headquarters is in Lincoln, Nebraska and we have an office in New York, New York. We consider our relations with our employees to be good. We are committed to creating an environment of diversity, equity, and inclusion as part of our foundational values. Recruiting, developing, and retaining talent is a key to succeeding in growing our business. Available Information The Company s Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements, and amendments to those reports are available free of charge through the Company s website at http://www.midwestholding.com as soon as reasonably practicable after such reports are electronically filed with the SEC. The information contained on, or that can be accessed through, our website is deemed not to be incorporated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K or to be part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Regulation General Our insurance subsidiaries are subject to extensive regulation and supervision by the states in which they are domiciled, particularly with respect to their financial condition. American Life is domiciled in Nebraska, where it is regulated and supervised by the Nebraska Department of Insurance NDOI ). Seneca Re is domiciled in Vermont where it is regulated and supervised by the VDFR. Our insurance subsidiaries are also subject to regulation by all states in which they transact business, which oversight in practice often focuses on review of their market conduct. American Life is licensed to conduct insurance business, and is therefore subject to regulation and supervision by insurance regulators, in 24 states and the District of Columbia. Seneca Re, a Vermont limited liability company, was formed by Midwest to operate as a sponsored captive insurance company for the purpose of reinsuring various types of risks of its participants through one or more special purpose reinsurance or protected cell entities and to conduct any other business that is permitted for sponsored captive insurance companies under Vermont insurance regulations. The extent and scope of insurance regulation varies between jurisdictions, but most jurisdictions have laws and regulations governing the financial security of insurers, including admittance of assets for purposes of calculating statutory surplus, standards of solvency, reserves, reinsurance, capital adequacy, and the business conduct of insurers. In addition, statutes and regulations require the licensing of insurers and their agents, the approval of policy forms and related materials, and the approval of rates. State statutes and regulations also prescribe the permitted types and concentrations of investments by insurers. The primary purpose of this insurance industry regulation is to protect policyholders. Life insurance companies are required to file detailed quarterly and annual financial statements with insurance regulatory authorities in each of the jurisdictions in which they are licensed to do business, and their operations are subject to periodic examination by such authorities. Regulators have discretionary authority, in connection with the continued licensing of insurance companies, to limit or prohibit the ability to continue to do business if, in their judgment, the regulators determine that an insurer is not maintaining necessary statutory surplus or capital or if the further transaction of business will be detrimental to its policyholders. The amount of dividends that our insurance subsidiaries may pay in any twelve-month period, without prior approval by their respective domestic insurance regulators, is restricted under the laws of Nebraska and Vermont. Under Nebraska law, dividends payable from American Life during any twelve-month period without the prior approval of the state s Insurance Director are limited to the greater of 10 of American Life s surplus as shown on the immediately preceding calendar year s statutory financial statement on file with the NDOI or 100 of net gain from operations for the prior calendar year. Any dividend in excess of such limitation must be approved by the Insurance Director. 
 14 

Table of Contents 
 Insurance holding company regulation We are an insurance holding company and, together with our insurance subsidiaries and our other subsidiaries and affiliates, are subject to the insurance holding company system laws of Nebraska and Vermont. These laws vary across jurisdictions, but generally require insurers that are members of such insurance holding company s system to register with the jurisdiction s insurance regulatory authorities, to file reports disclosing certain information, including their capital structure, ownership, management, financial condition, enterprise risk, and own risk and solvency assessment. These laws also require disclosure of certain qualifying transactions between or among our insurance subsidiaries and us or any of our other subsidiaries or affiliates to which one or more of our insurance subsidiaries is a party. Such transactions could include loans, investments, sales, service agreements, and reinsurance agreements among other similar inter-affiliate transactions. These laws also require that intercompany transactions be fair and reasonable and not adversely affect the interests of policyholders. In certain circumstances, the insurance company must give prior notice of the transaction to the insurance department in its state of domicile, and the insurance department must either approve or disapprove the subject intercompany transaction within defined periods. Further, these laws require that an insurer s surplus following any dividends or distributions to shareholder affiliates is reasonable in relation to the insurer s outstanding liabilities and its financial needs. The insurance holding company laws in some states, including Nebraska and Vermont, require regulatory approval of a direct or indirect change of control of an insurer or an insurer s parent company. Generally, to obtain approval from the insurance commissioner for any acquisition of control of an insurance company or its parent company, the proposed acquirer must file with the applicable commissioner an application containing information regarding: (i) the identity and background of the acquirer and its affiliates; (ii) the nature, source and amount of funds to be used to carry out the acquisition; (iii) the financial statements of the acquirer and its affiliates; (iv) any potential plans for disposition of the securities or business of the insurer; (v) the number and type of securities to be acquired; (vi) any contracts with respect to the securities to be acquired; (vii) any agreements with broker-dealers; and (viii) other relevant matters. Different jurisdictions may have similar or additional requirements for prior approval of any acquisition of control of an insurance or reinsurance company licensed or authorized to transact business in those jurisdictions. Additional requirements may include re-licensing or subsequent approval for renewal of existing licenses upon an acquisition of control. Credit for reinsurance State insurance laws permit U.S. insurance companies, as ceding insurers, to take financial statement credit for reinsurance that is ceded, so long as the assuming reinsurer satisfies the state s credit for reinsurance laws. Credit for reinsurance means the ceding company is permitted to reflect in its statutory financial statements a credit in an amount equal to the ceding company s liability that is reinsured. In general, credit for reinsurance is allowed if the reinsurer is licensed or accredited in the state in which the ceding insurer is domiciled; or if neither of the above applies, to the extent that the reinsurance obligations of the reinsurer are collateralized appropriately, typically through the posting of a letter of credit for the benefit of the ceding insurer, or the deposit of assets into a trust fund established for the benefit of the ceding insurer. Statutory examinations Our insurance subsidiaries are required to file detailed quarterly and annual financial statements, prepared in accordance with SAP, with regulatory officials in each of the jurisdictions in which they conduct business. As part of their routine regulatory oversight process, the NDOI and the VDFR conduct periodic detailed examinations, generally once every three to five years, of the books, records, accounts and operations of our insurance subsidiaries domiciled in their states. The NDOI began a scheduled examination of American Life for the period of 2017-2019 in January 2021, completing its examination and issuing its final report on September 30, 2021. The NDOI and VDFR are now scheduled to commence concurrent routine examinations of American Life and Seneca Re, respectively, for the period of 2020-2022. Financial tests The NAIC has developed a set of financial relationships or tests, known as the Insurance Regulatory Information System or IRIS, which is designed for early identification of companies that may require special attention or action by insurance regulatory authorities. Insurance companies submit data annually to the NAIC, which in turn analyzes the data by utilizing ratios. State insurance regulators review this statistical report, which is available to the public, together with an analytical report, prepared by and available only to state 
 15 

Table of Contents 
 insurance regulators, to identify insurance companies that appear to require immediate regulatory attention. A usual range of results for each ratio is used as a benchmark. Risk-based capital requirements In order to enhance the regulation of insurers solvency, the National Association of Insurance Commissioners NAIC adopted a model law to implement Risk Based Capital RBC requirements for life insurers. All states have adopted the NAIC s model law or a substantively similar law. The NAIC Risk-Based Capital Model Act requires insurance companies to submit an annual RBC Report, which compares an insurer s total adjusted capital with its authorized control level RBC. A company s RBC is calculated by using a specified formula that applies factors to various specified assets, premium, claim, expense, and reserve items. The factors are higher for those items with greater underlying risk and lower for items with less underlying risk. The RBC Report is used by insurance regulators to set in motion appropriate regulatory actions relating to insurers that show indications of weak or deteriorating conditions. RBC is an additional standard for minimum capital requirements that insurers must meet to avoid being placed in receivership by regulators. The annual RBC Report, and the information contained therein, is not intended by the NAIC as a means to rank insurers. RBC is a method of measuring the minimum amount of capital appropriate for an insurance company to support its overall business operations in light of its size and risk profile. It provides a means of setting the capital requirement in which the degree of risk taken by the insurer is the primary determinant. The value of an insurer s Total Adjusted Capital, which is the sum of its year-end statutory capital and surplus, in relation to its RBC, together with its trend in its Total Adjusted Capital, is used as a basis for determining regulatory action that a state insurance regulator may be authorized or required to take with respect to an insurer. Market conduct exams Our insurance subsidiaries are subject to periodic market conduct exams MCE in any jurisdiction where they do business. An MCE typically entails review of business activities, such as operations and management, complaint handling, marketing and sales, producer licensing, policyholder service, underwriting, and claims handling. Regulators may impose fines and penalties upon finding violations of regulations governing such business activities. To date, neither American Life nor Seneca Re have been the subject of such an MCE. Form approvals Our insurance subsidiaries are subject to state laws and regulations regarding form approvals. In most states, insurance policies are subject to prior regulatory approval in the state in which the policy is sold. Unfair claims practices Insurance companies are prohibited by state statutes from engaging in unfair claims practice. Unfair claims practices include, but are not limited to, misrepresenting pertinent facts or insurance policy provisions; failing to acknowledge and act reasonably promptly upon communications with respect to claims arising under insurance policies; and attempting to settle a claim for less than the amount to which a reasonable person would have believed such person was entitled. Assessments against insurers Under the insurance guaranty fund laws, which exist in each state and the District of Columbia, licensed insurers may be assessed by insurance guaranty associations for certain obligations of insolvent insurance companies to policyholders and claimants. Most of these laws provide for annual limits on the assessments and for an offset against state premium taxes. These premium tax offsets must be spread over future periods ranging from five to 20 years. Since these assessments typically are not made for several years after an insurer fails and depend upon the final outcome of liquidation or rehabilitation proceedings, we cannot accurately determine the amount or timing of any future assessments. 
 16 

Table of Contents 
 Regulation of investments Our insurance subsidiaries are subject to state laws that restrict the kinds of investments they may make. These laws require diversification of our investment portfolios and limit the amounts of investments in certain asset categories, such as below-investment grade fixed income securities, equity real estate, other equity investments, and derivatives. Failure to comply with these requirements and limitations cause affected investments to be treated as non-admitted assets for purposes of measuring statutory surplus and, in some instances, could require the divestiture of such nonqualifying investments. American Life s investment guidelines, including its Derivative Use Plan, have been filed with the Nebraska Department of Insurance. Statutory accounting practices Statutory accounting practices SAP are a basis of accounting developed to assist insurance regulators in monitoring and regulating the solvency of insurance companies. SAP is primarily concerned with measuring an insurer s solvency. Statutory accounting focuses on valuing assets and liabilities of insurers at financial reporting dates in accordance with appropriate insurance law and regulatory provisions applicable in each insurer s domiciliary state. GAAP is concerned with a company s solvency, but is also concerned with other financial measurements, principally income and cash flows. Accordingly, GAAP gives more consideration to appropriately matching revenue and expenses and accounting for management s stewardship of assets than does SAP. As a result, different assets and liabilities and different amounts of assets and liabilities will be reflected in financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP as compared to SAP. Unfair trade practices State insurance laws prohibit insurers from engaging in unfair trade practices. The kinds of practices addressed include (i) misrepresentation and false advertising, (ii) unfair discrimination in premiums and policy benefits, (iii) boycott, coercion and intimidation, (iv) discrimination based on race, color, creed or national origin, sex or marital status, and (v) rebating of premium. Enterprise risk and other developments The NAIC, as part of its solvency modernization initiative, has engaged in a concerted effort to strengthen the ability of U.S. state insurance regulators to monitor U.S. insurance holding company groups. The holding company reform efforts at the NAIC culminated in December 2010 in the adoption of significant amendments to the NAIC s Insurance Holding Company System Regulatory Act (the Model Holding Company Act and its Insurance Holding Company System Model Regulation (the Model Holding Company Regulation ). Among other things, the revised Model Holding Company Act and Model Holding Company Regulation explicitly address enterprise risk the risk that an activity, circumstance, event, or series of events involving one or more affiliates of an insurer will, if not remedied promptly, be likely to have a material adverse effect upon the financial condition or liquidity of the insurer or its insurance holding company system as a whole - and require annual reporting of potential enterprise risk as well as access to information to allow the state insurance regulator to assess such risk. In addition, the Model Holding Company Act amendments include a requirement to the effect that any person divesting control over an insurer must provide 30 days notice to the regulator and the insurer (with an exception for cases where a Form A is being filed). The amendments direct the domestic state insurance regulator to determine those instances in which a divesting person will be required to file for and obtain approval of the transaction. Some form of the 2010 amendments to the Model Holding Company Act and the Model Holding Company Act Regulation has been adopted in all states. In 2012, the NAIC adopted the Risk Management and Own Risk and Solvency Assessment ORSA Model Act, which requires domestic insurers to maintain a risk management framework and establishes a legal requirement for domestic insurers to conduct an ORSA in accordance with the NAIC s ORSA Guidance Manual. The ORSA Model Act provides that domestic insurers, or their insurance group, must regularly conduct an ORSA consistent with a process comparable to the ORSA Guidance Manual process. The ORSA Model Act also provides that, no more than once a year, an insurer s domiciliary regulator may request that an insurer submit an ORSA summary report, or any combination of reports that together contain the information described in the ORSA Guidance Manual, with respect to the insurer and the insurance group of which it is a member. The ORSA Model Act imposes more extensive filing requirements on parents and other affiliates of domestic insurers and exempts an insurer with annual direct written and unaffiliated assumed premiums less than 500 million. Prior to 2022, American Life s direct written premium was less than 500 million. For the year ended December 31, 2022, American Life had direct written premiums of approximately 715.8 million; as such, we will begin complying with the ORSA Model Act in 2023. 
 17 

Table of Contents 
 Privacy regulation Federal and state law and regulation require financial institutions to protect the security and confidentiality of personal information, including health-related and customer information, and to notify customers and other individuals about their policies and practices relating to their collection and disclosure of health-related and customer information and their practices relating to protecting the security and confidentiality of that information. State laws regulate the use and disclosure of social security numbers and federal and state laws require notice to affected individuals, law enforcement, regulators, and others if there is a breach of the security of certain personal information, including social security numbers. Federal and state laws and regulations regulate the ability of financial institutions to make telemarketing calls and to send unsolicited e-mail or fax messages to consumers and customers. Federal and state lawmakers and regulatory bodies may be expected to consider additional or more detailed regulation regarding these subjects and the privacy and security of personal information. Cybersecurity regulation The NAIC adopted the Insurance Data Security Model Law in October 2017. This law establishes standards for data security and for the investigation and notification of certain cybersecurity events. As of the date of this filing, 11 states have adopted the model law or a variation of it. We expect that additional regulations could be enacted in other jurisdictions that could impact our cybersecurity program. Depending on these and other potential implementation requirements, we will likely incur additional costs of compliance. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. We face many significant risks in the operation of our business and may face significant unforeseen risks as well. Also, in the second half of 2018 we embarked upon our new business plan and, therefore, we face all of the risks of doing business with a model in which our Company does not have a significant history. The material risks of this business plan are set forth below, but there may be additional risks that we do not anticipate, which could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. An investment in our voting common stock should be considered speculative. Business Plan Risks We have a limited operating history under our business plan and our business plan may not be successful. We face all of the risks inherent in establishing an unseasoned business, including limited capital, unanticipated administrative costs, uncertain product markets, possible lack of market acceptance of new annuity products, and corresponding lack of significant revenues, as well as intense competition from better-capitalized and more seasoned annuity issuers with respect to any annuity products we may seek to create and distribute. We have no control over general economic conditions, competitors products, or their pricing and customer demand and we have limited control over necessary costs of marketing in seeking to build and expand our business. Such costs may be significantly higher than we anticipate. For example, our general and administrative costs in 2022 were higher than we expected. There can be no assurance that our proposed business plan will be economically successful or result in significant revenues to the extent that we achieve profits, and the likelihood of any success must be considered in light of our lack of operating history under our recently reconstituted executive leadership, our business plan, and our limited capital. The lack of a seasoned operating history makes it difficult to predict our future revenues or results of operations. Our business plan provides that we will seek to utilize American Life and its technology, product development and administration capabilities to distribute insurance products through third-party marketing organizations. As part of this plan, American Life has obtained a B++ Good A.M. Best financial strength rating and an A.M. Best bbb+ long-term issuer credit rating. American Life is seeking to become licensed to sell insurance in additional states. We cannot make any assurance that our business plan will achieve economic success and we anticipate that full implementation of our business plan will take place over several years. Some of these material risks include market non-acceptance of our new products, non-acceptance of our products by our IMOs and their agents, shortcomings or failures in our technology or encountering other problems that we may not be able to overcome, and unforeseen difficulties in obtaining coverage from financially capable reinsurance providers. 
 18 

Table of Contents 
 Our use of IMOs could face several difficulties that could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition . We create and sell annuity products through IMOs that provide the sales agents and infrastructure in order to sell our products. This strategy entails several significant risks, including the possibility that our IMOs will not be able to successfully sell our products or will not devote sufficient time and attention to sell our products. We have no control over any IMOs and, therefore, any sales success regarding our products will be substantially dependent upon the efforts of those organizations and their sales agents. Also, we have concentrated channels of product distribution because although we have 27 IMOs as of December 31, 2022, we presently do not distribute our products through other distribution channels such as banks and broker-dealers. If any one of our IMOs does not perform within our expectations, our results of operation could be materially adversely affected and our financial condition would suffer. Our strategy to reinsure the annuity policies we write may not be successful. As part of our business plan, American Life intends to cede its annuity policies to other companies through reinsurance agreements. However, American Life will remain liable with respect to ceded insurance should any reinsurer fail to meet the obligations assumed by that reinsurer. The failure of any one of American Life s reinsurers would likely have a material adverse economic effect on American Life, and the value of our voting common stock would likely decline significantly as well. Thus, it is critical that we adequately assess the financial strength of our reinsurers on an ongoing basis. If we fail to adequately assess reinsurer payment risk including the sufficiency of any amounts of collateral we may hold as security for claims payments we may require them to back up their potential obligations, we could be faced with severe economic consequences in the event any reinsurer does not meet its financial obligations to the policyholders of the annuities that we cede to the reinsurer. Also, we have a concentrated group of reinsurers, which heightens the risks we face should any reinsurer not meet its obligations to annuitants who purchase annuities from us. We face a risk of unavailability and increased cost of reinsurance. Market conditions beyond our control determine the availability and cost of the reinsurance we may seek to purchase. We can offer no assurance that reinsurance will remain continuously available to us to the same extent and on the same terms and rates as are currently available to us. If we are unable to maintain our current level of reinsurance or to purchase new reinsurance in amounts that we consider sufficient and at prices that we consider acceptable, we would either have to accept an increase in our net insurance liability exposures or reduce our annuity issuances. A reinsurer s insolvency or inability to make payments under the terms of a reinsurance treaty could subject us to credit risk with respect to our ability to recover amounts due from reinsurers. Because of these risks, we may not be able to collect all amounts due to us from reinsurers. Further, reinsurance coverage may not be available to us in the future at commercially reasonable rates or at all. We may be unable to expand insurance operations to other states to any significant degree. A significant part of our business plan is expanding the ability of American Life to sell insurance in more states. At present, American Life is licensed to sell insurance in 24 states and the District of Columbia. While we are seeking to expand to additional states, we cannot assure you that these efforts will be successful, and to the extent they are not, our ability to achieve product scale and significant annuity sales will be adversely affected. Our results of operations and future prospects will in turn be adversely affected. Our business success depends, in part, on effective information technology systems and on continuing to develop and implement improvements in our technology. We depend in large part on our technology systems for conducting our business, as well as for providing the data and analytics we utilize to manage our business. Our business success is dependent on maintaining the effectiveness of existing technology systems and on continuing to develop and enhance technology systems in a cost efficient manner. System development projects may not deliver the benefits we expect, or may be replaced or become obsolete more quickly than expected, which could result in increased expenses. If we do not effectively and efficiently manage and upgrade our technology systems, or if the costs of doing so are higher than we expect, our ability to provide services to new and existing customers in a cost-effective manner and our ability to implement our business plan could be adversely impacted. 
 19 

Table of Contents 
 We are faced with credit risks of our counterparties, which may have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. In our investments we are exposed to many different industries, issuers and counterparties, and we routinely execute transactions with counterparties in the financial services industry, including brokers and dealers, commercial banks, investment banks, and other institutions. Many of these transactions expose us to credit risk in the event of default of the counterparty. In addition, with respect to secured transactions, our credit risk may be exacerbated when the collateral that we hold cannot be realized upon or is liquidated at prices not sufficient to recover the full amount due to us. We may have further exposure to these issuers in our holdings in unsecured debt instruments and derivative transactions of these issuers. There can be no guarantee that any such realized losses or impairments to the carrying value of these assets would not materially and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. In addition to exposure to credit risks related to our investment portfolio, we are exposed to credit risks in several other areas of our business operations as discussed above and credit risks in our operations related to reinsurance. The collectability of reinsurance recoverables is subject to uncertainty arising from a number of factors, including changes in market conditions, whether insured losses meet the qualifying conditions of the reinsurance contract, and whether reinsurers, or their affiliates, have the financial capacity and willingness to make payments under the terms of a reinsurance treaty or contract. Since we are primarily liable to an insured for the full amount of insurance coverage, our inability to collect a material recovery from a reinsurer could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. We operate in a highly competitive industry, and our business will suffer if we are unable to compete effectively. The operating results of insurance companies are subject to significant fluctuations due to competition, economic conditions, interest rates, investment performance, maintenance of insurance ratings from rating agencies such as A.M. Best and other factors. The insurance business is intensely competitive. Our ability to compete with other insurance companies is dependent upon, among other things, our ability to attract and retain IMOs to market our insurance products, our ability to develop competitive and profitable products, and our ability to obtain acceptable financial strength ratings. In connection with the development and sale of products, American Life encounters competition from other insurance companies, most of whom offer annuity products and have financial and human resources substantially greater than American Life s, as well as competition from other investment alternatives available to potential annuitants. American Life competes with several hundred other insurance companies in the United States. Most of these companies have greater financial resources, longer business histories, and more diversified lines of insurance and annuity product offerings than American Life. These larger companies also generally have large sales forces. We also face competition from direct mail and email sales marketers. We may not be able to compete successfully against these competitors. Changes in the tax laws could adversely affect our business. Congress has from time to time considered possible legislation that would eliminate the deferral of taxation on the accretion of value within certain annuity products. This and similar legislation could adversely affect the sale of annuities and life insurance compared with other financial products if such legislation were to be enacted. In addition, we could be unable to attract reinsurance capital. There can be no assurance as to whether any such legislation will be enacted or, if enacted, whether such legislation would contain provisions with possible adverse effects on any annuity products that we develop. Under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, income taxes payable by policyholders on investment earnings is deferred during the accumulation period of certain annuity and life insurance products. This favorable tax treatment may give certain insurance products a competitive advantage over other non-insurance products. To the extent that the Internal Revenue Code may be revised to reduce the tax-deferred status of annuity and life insurance products, or to increase the tax-deferred status of competing products, American Life and its industry as a whole would be adversely affected with respect to their ability to sell products. In addition, annuity and related life insurance products are often used to fund estate tax obligations. We cannot predict what future tax initiatives may be proposed with respect to the estate tax or other taxes that may materially adversely affect us. Some of our investments are relatively illiquid. 
 20 

Table of Contents 
 We hold certain investments that may lack liquidity, such as certain fixed maturity securities (including collateralized loan obligations and mortgage loans). We do not have the present intent to sell, nor is it more likely than not that we will be required to sell, debt securities in an unrealized loss position. Investment losses, however, may be realized to the extent liquidity needs require the disposition of debt securities in unfavorable interest rate, liquidity, or credit spread environments. We have exposure to mortgage loans on real estate, which could cause declines in the value of our investment portfolio. Securities and other capital markets products with respect to mortgage lending may become less liquid than conventional securities such as stocks and bonds. The value of our investments in mortgage loans may be negatively impacted by an unfavorable change in or increased uncertainty regarding delinquency rates, and refinancing availability. In addition, commercial mortgages are sensitive to the strength of the related underlying mortgage loans, the U.S. economy, and the supply and demand for commercial real estate. The value of our investments in mortgage loans and determination in loss allowances regarding such investments may be negatively impacted by declining loan to value ratios, especially with respect to loan to value ratios that exceed 80 . For the year ended December 31, 2022, our commercial mortgage loans investment portfolio had approximately 4.7 million in loans at or exceeding an 80 loan-to-value ratio compared to zero for the preceding year. Deterioration in the performance of the residential and commercial mortgage sector, including as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic or additional risk of loss in connection with increasing loan-to-value ratios, could cause declines in the value of that portion of our investment portfolio. The carrying value of our mortgage loans on real estate as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, was 227 million and 183.2 million, respectively. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. Changes in regulations regarding suitability of product sales and fiduciary/best interest standards may affect our operations and profitability. Our annuity sales practices are subject to strict regulation. State insurance regulators are becoming more active in adopting and enforcing suitability standards with respect to sales of annuities. In addition, our insurance operations may be impacted by actions taken by the NAIC, the U.S. standard setting and regulatory support organization created and governed by the chief insurance regulatory authorities of the 50 states, the District of Columbia and the five U.S. territories. Some states have enacted or proposed legislation to impose new or expanded fiduciary/best interest standards on broker dealers, investment advisors and/or insurance agents providing services to customers. At the federal level, the U.S. Department of Labor (the DOL adopted a new prohibited transaction exemption, effective on February 16, 2021, which allows the payment of compensation to investment advice fiduciaries who comply with the exemption s requirements and imposes a best interest standard of conduct for retail investment advice, including recommendations to roll over assets from a qualified retirement plan to an individual retirement account IRA or from one IRA to another IRA. The DOL has also indicated in its regulatory agenda that it plans to issue proposed rulemaking related to fiduciary advice. Any material changes to the standards governing our sales practices, including applicable laws and regulations, could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. The inability to obtain upgrades to our financial strength and other ratings from A.M. Best, or the possibility of a downgrade in our ratings, may have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, the marketability of our annuity product offerings, and our liquidity, operating results, financial condition, and prospects. Financial strength ratings are important factors in establishing the competitive position of insurance companies and generally have an effect on an insurance company s business. Many insurance buyers, agents, brokers, and secured lenders use the ratings assigned by A.M. Best and other agencies to assist them in assessing the financial strength and overall quality of the companies from which they are considering purchasing insurance or in determining the financial strength of the company that provides insurance with respect to the collateral they hold. American Life currently has an A.M. Best financial strength rating of B++ (Good) and long-term issuer credit rating of bbb+. A.M. Best ratings are derived from an in-depth evaluation of an insurance company s balance sheet strengths, operating performances, and business profiles. A.M. Best evaluates, among other factors, the company s capitalization, underwriting leverage, financial leverage, asset leverage, capital structure, quality and appropriateness of reinsurance, adequacy of reserves, quality and diversification of assets, liquidity, profitability, spread of risk, revenue composition, market position, management, market risk, and event risk. On an ongoing basis, rating agencies such as A.M. Best review the financial performance and condition of insurers and may downgrade or change the outlook on an insurer s ratings due to, for example, a change in an insurer s statutory capital, a reduced confidence in management, or a host of other considerations that may or may not be under the insurer s control. All ratings are subject to continuous review; therefore, the retention of these ratings cannot be assured. A downgrade in any of these ratings could have a material adverse effect on our competitiveness, the marketability of our product offerings, and our ability to grow in the marketplace. 
 21 

Table of Contents 
 Our new insurance products and other products we may develop may not achieve market penetration. As discussed elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, our marketing strategy is focused on the sale of MYGA and FIA products through IMOs. These products may not achieve market acceptance or penetration to any meaningful degree, and any significant sales of these products cannot be assured, nor can we assure that any other insurance products we attempt to sell will achieve any degree of sustained marketing success. We are seeking to streamline the costs of developing and placing our annuity products into the marketplace to be sold by IMOs. We may encounter unexpected development costs or lack of IMO acceptance of our products, in which case our financial results would be disappointing. We are highly dependent upon Georgette Nicholas, our Chief Executive Officer, and Mike Minnich, our President, and the loss of either of these officers could materially and adversely affect our business. Our ability to operate successfully is dependent primarily upon the efforts of Georgette Nicholas and Mike Minnich, our key executive officers. The loss of the services of either of these individuals could have a material adverse effect on our ability to pursue our business plan. We have employment agreements with Ms. Nicholas and Mr. Minnich and we have limited key person life insurance on Mr. Minnich, but there are no restrictions on their termination of employment with us. Midwest is a holding company whose principal operating subsidiary is American Life. Midwest depends primarily on reimbursement of costs from American Life, Seneca Re, and 1505 Capital and has no other significant source of revenue. Our change in control that occurred in 2018 with the infusion of capital from Xenith, discussed above, along with net proceeds of the 2020 public offering of our voting common stock, may not provide adequate long-term financing to support our contemplated expansion of American Life s business or any continued reimbursements to Midwest. If there is not a substantial expansion of American Life s business, it may not be able to provide funds to Midwest to enable Midwest to meet its obligations. American Life is also restricted by state insurance laws as to fund transfers, by way of dividends or otherwise, to Midwest. Our investment adviser subsidiary is subject to numerous laws and regulations with substantial compliance costs. Our wholly owned investment adviser subsidiary, 1505 Capital, is subject to substantial regulation. It is registered with the SEC as an investment adviser, is subject to examination by the SEC, and is required to file detailed reports with the SEC concerning its business. It is subject to the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 as well as other state securities laws regarding the conduct of its business. Compliance with these regulations is time consuming and is a burden on the operations of 1505 Capital. There can be no assurance that 1505 Capital will not be adversely affected by the results of any future examination. We have experienced significant operating losses and may not be able to reverse them in the foreseeable future. We commenced our business plan in mid-2018 and introduced our first annuity products in 2019. We incurred substantial operating losses in 2021 and 2020, and there can be no assurance of our future profitability. Because ceding commissions from reinsurance are amortized over the life of the policy, we expect several years of insurance policy sales growth will be necessary until we consistently achieve net income on a GAAP basis. American Life may encounter regulatory difficulties or fail as a result of being inadequately capitalized. American Life must have adequate capital and surplus capital, calculated in accordance with SAP prescribed by state insurance regulatory authorities to meet regulatory requirements in Nebraska, the state of domicile of American Life. It had approximately 69.9 million of capital and surplus (based upon SAP) as of December 31, 2022. Because we have embarked upon a business plan under which we write new insurance business and seek to cede a substantial amount of the risk to third-party reinsurers, the NDOI may require additional amounts of capital and surplus to support the expanded business of American Life going forward. The amount of capital and surplus of American Life ultimately required will be based on certain risk-based capital standards established by statute and regulation administered by the NDOI. The risk-based capital system establishes a framework for evaluating the adequacy of the minimum amount of capital and surplus, calculated in accordance with SAP, necessary for an insurance company to support its overall business operations. It identifies insurers that may be inadequately capitalized by reviewing certain inherent risks of each insurer s 
 22 

Table of Contents 
 assets and liabilities and its mix of net premiums written. Insurers falling below a calculated threshold may be subject to varying degrees of regulatory action, including supervision, rehabilitation, or liquidation. If American Life fails to maintain required capital levels in accordance with the risk-based capital system, its ability to conduct business would be compromised and our ability to expand our insurance business would be significantly reduced absent a prompt infusion of capital into American Life. We may execute an acquisition strategy, which could cause our business and future growth prospects to suffer. We may at some time pursue acquisitions of insurance-related companies. If we were to pursue acquisitions, we would compete with other companies, most of which have greater financial and other resources than us. Further, if we were to succeed in consummating acquisitions, our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be negatively affected because: some of the acquired businesses may not achieve anticipated revenues, earnings, or cash flows; we may have to assume liabilities that were not disclosed or exceed estimates; we may be unable to integrate acquired businesses successfully and realize anticipated economic, operational, and other benefits in a timely manner; acquisitions could disrupt our on-going business, distract our management, and divert our financial and human resources; we may experience difficulties operating in markets in which we have no or only limited direct experience; and of the potential for loss of customers and key employees of any acquired company. 
 Risks Related to Our Voting Common Stock Ownership of shares of Midwest voting common stock involves substantial risk, and the entire value of those shares may be lost. Shares of our voting common stock constitute a high-risk, speculative investment in a business that has incurred substantial losses in the past and may incur losses in the future. No assurance can be given that any of the potential benefits envisioned by our business plan will prove to be available to our stockholders, nor can any assurance be given as to the financial return, if any, which may result from ownership of our voting common stock. The entire value of your shares of Midwest voting common stock may be lost. The market price and trading volume of our voting common stock have been volatile, which has resulted in, and could continue to result in rapid and substantial losses for our stockholders. Trading and prices of our voting common stock were highly volatile in 2022 and could be subject to wide fluctuations in the future. There are many factors that will impact our stock price and trading volume, including, but not limited to, the factors listed above under Risks Related to Our Business. In addition, the low trading volume in our voting common stock may fluctuate and cause significant price variations to occur. If the market price of our voting common stock declines significantly, you may be unable to resell your shares at or above your purchase price, if at all. Some of the factors that could negatively affect our share price or result in fluctuations in the price or trading volume of our voting common stock include: operating results that vary from the expectations of investors and securities analysts; significant sales of our voting common stock or other securities in the open market; lack of interest in our voting common stock from institutions, securities analysts, and retail investors; quarterly variations in our operating results; the financial projections we may provide to the public, any changes in these projections or our ability to meet these projections; 
 23 

Table of Contents 
 changes in investment valuations; changes (including legislative and regulatory changes) in the industries in which we operate; announcements by us or companies in our industries of significant contracts, acquisitions, dispositions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures, capital commitments, plans, prospects, service offerings or operating results; additions or departures of key personnel; future sales of our securities; developments in the financial markets and worldwide or regional economies, including bank failures and concerns of an economic downturn or recession; announcements of innovations or new products, solutions, or services by us or our competitors; variations in interest rates; and changes in accounting principles. 
 Stock markets in the United States have experienced significant price and volume fluctuations. Market fluctuations, as well as general political and economic conditions such as the global COVID-19 pandemic and the associated economic and market disruption, acts of terrorism, war, such as the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, prolonged economic uncertainty, a recession, or interest rate or currency rate fluctuations, could adversely affect the market price of our voting common stock. Our failure to meet the continued listing requirements of The Nasdaq Capital Market could result in a delisting of our voting common stock. Our shares of voting common stock are listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market. If we fail to satisfy the continued listing requirements of The Nasdaq Capital Market, Nasdaq may take steps to delist our voting common stock. Such a delisting would likely have a negative effect on the price of our voting common stock, and would impair your ability to sell our voting common stock when you wish to do so. In the event of a delisting, we would take actions to restore our compliance with Nasdaq s listing requirements, but we can provide no assurance that any such action taken by us would allow our voting common stock to become listed again, stabilize the market price or improve the liquidity of our voting common stock, or prevent future non-compliance with Nasdaq s listing requirements. As a smaller reporting company, we are subject to scaled disclosure requirements that may make it more challenging for investors to analyze our results of operations and financial prospects. Currently, we are a smaller reporting company, which generally means that our outstanding common stock held by non-affiliates had a market value of less than 250 million as of the last business day of our second fiscal quarter. As a smaller reporting company, we are able to provide simplified executive compensation disclosures in our filings; are exempt from the provisions of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes Oxley Act requiring that independent registered public accounting firms provide an attestation report on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting; and have certain other decreased disclosure obligations in our filings with the SEC, including being required to provide only two years of audited financial statements in annual reports. Consequently, for so long as we qualify as a smaller reporting company, we may continue to take advantage of these exemptions and it may be more challenging for investors to analyze our results of operations and financial prospects. We cannot predict if investors will find our common stock less attractive because we may rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and our stock price may be more volatile. Further, a material weakness in internal controls may remain undetected for a longer period because of our extended exemption from the auditor attestation requirements under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. 
 24 

Table of Contents 
 There may be future issuances or resales of our voting common stock which may materially and adversely affect the market price of our voting common stock. Subject to any required state insurance regulatory approvals, we are not restricted from issuing additional shares of our voting common stock in the future, including securities convertible into, or exchangeable or exercisable for, shares of our voting common stock. Our issuance of additional shares of voting common stock in the future will dilute the ownership interests of our then existing stockholders. The sale of a substantial number of shares of our voting common stock or securities convertible into, or exchangeable or exercisable for, shares of our voting common stock, whether directly by us in future offerings or by our existing stockholders in the secondary market, the perception that such issuances or resales could occur or the availability for future issuances or resale of shares of our voting common stock or securities convertible into, or exchangeable or exercisable for, shares of our voting common stock could materially and adversely affect the market price of our voting common stock and our ability to raise capital through future offerings of equity or equity-related securities on attractive terms or at all. In addition, our Board is authorized to designate and issue preferred stock without further stockholder approval, and we may issue other equity and equity-related securities that are senior to our voting common stock in the future for a number of reasons, including, without limitation, to support operations and growth, to maintain our capital ratios, and to comply with any future changes in regulatory standards. Our executive officers and directors own a substantial number of shares of our voting common stock. This will enable them to significantly influence the vote on all matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders. As of December 31, 2022, our executive officers and directors beneficially owned 603,547 shares of our voting common stock, representing approximately 16.2 of the outstanding shares of our voting common stock. Accordingly, our executive officers and directors, through their beneficial ownership of our voting common stock, will be able to significantly influence the vote on all matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders, including the election of directors, amendments to our certificate of incorporation or bylaws, mergers or other business combination transactions, and certain sales of assets outside the regular course of business. The interests of our executive officers and directors may not coincide with the interests of our other stockholders, and they could take actions that advance their own interests to the detriment of our other stockholders. The indemnification rights provided to our directors, officers, and employees may result in substantial expenditures by us and may discourage lawsuits against them. Our certificate of incorporation and Delaware law provide for broad indemnification of our directors, officers and employees. Our indemnification obligations could result in us incurring substantial expenditures to cover the costs of settlement or damage awards against directors, officers and employees, which we may be unable to recoup. These provisions and resultant costs may also discourage us from bringing an action against our directors and officers for breaches of their fiduciary duties, and may similarly discourage the filing of derivative litigation by our stockholders against our directors or officers even though such actions, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our stockholders. We do not expect to pay any cash dividends to stockholders. To date, we have never declared or paid any cash dividends to our stockholders and do not expect to do so for the foreseeable future. The declaration, payment, and amount of any future dividends will be made at the discretion of our Board, and will depend upon, among other things, the results of our operations, cash flows and financial conditions, operating and capital requirements, and other factors as the Board considers relevant. In addition, our ability to pay cash dividends depends, in part, upon on the ability of American Life to provide us with payments from its operations, which are subject to prior regulatory approval for the most part. As an insurance company, American Life is subject to significant regulatory restrictions limiting its ability to declare and make payments or dividends to Midwest. 
 25 

Table of Contents 
 If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports about our business, or if they issue adverse or misleading opinions regarding us, our voting common stock price and trading value could decline. The trading market for our voting common stock is influenced by research and reports that industry or securities analysts publish about us or our business. If any of the analysts who cover us issue an adverse or misleading opinion regarding us, our business model, or our voting common stock performance, or if our target operating results fail to meet the expectations of analysts, our voting common stock price would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of us or fail to publish reports on us regularly, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which in turn could cause our stock price and trading volume to decline. Anti-takeover provisions and the regulations to which we may be subject may make it more difficult for a third- party to acquire control of us, even if the change in control would be beneficial to our stockholders. We are a holding company incorporated in Delaware. Anti-takeover provisions in Delaware law and our certificate of incorporation and bylaws, as well as regulatory approvals required under state insurance laws, could make it more difficult for a third- party to acquire control of us and may prevent stockholders from receiving a premium for their shares of voting common stock. Our certificate of incorporation provides that our Board may issue up to 2,000,000 shares of preferred stock, in one or more series, without stockholder approval and with such terms, preferences, rights, and privileges as the Board may deem appropriate. These provisions, the control of our executive officers and directors over the election of our directors, and other factors may hinder or prevent a change in control, even if the change in control would be beneficial to, or sought by, our stockholders. Eight individuals currently serve on our Board, which is divided into three classes with staggered three-year terms. At each annual meeting of stockholders, a class of directors is to be elected for a three-year term to succeed the directors of the same class whose terms are then expiring. As a result, a portion of our Board will be elected each year. Our certificate of incorporation authorizes our Board to fix the number of directors from time to time by a resolution of the majority of our Board. Any additional directorships resulting from an increase in the number of directors will be distributed among the three classes so that, as nearly as possible, each class shall consist of one-third of the directors. The division of our Board into three classes with staggered three-year terms may delay or prevent a change of our management or a change in control. Between stockholder meetings, directors may be removed by our stockholders only for cause, and the Board may appoint new directors to fill the vacancies. These provisions may prevent a stockholder from removing incumbent directors and simultaneously gaining control of the Board by filling the resulting vacancies with its own nominees. Consequently, the existence of these provisions may have the effect of deterring hostile takeovers, which could depress the market price of our voting common stock. General Risks The ongoing events resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic, and the uncertainty regarding future similar events, could have an adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity, and prospects. We continue to closely monitor developments related to the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic to assess potential adverse impacts on our business. Due to the evolving and highly uncertain nature of this pandemic, it currently is not possible provide a longer-term estimate of potential insurance or reinsurance exposure or the indirect effects the pandemic may have on our results of operations, financial condition, or liquidity. Management implemented the Company s business continuity plan in early March 2020 and operated through July 2020 with the majority of employees working remotely. Operations continued as normal despite a sharp increase in sales during the period. We continue to monitor the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and Nebraska guidelines regarding employee safety. If the COVID-19 pandemic and associated economic slowdown continues it could adversely impact our future results of operations, financial condition, cash flows, liquidity, and prospects in a number of ways, including: Our investment portfolio (and, specifically, the valuations of investment assets we hold) could be materially and adversely affected as a result of market developments from the pandemic and uncertainty regarding its outcome. Moreover, changes in interest rates, reduced liquidity, or a slowdown in the U.S. or global economic conditions may also adversely affect the values and cash flows of these assets. Our investments in mortgages and asset-backed securities could be negatively affected by 
 26 

Table of Contents 
 delays or failures of borrowers to make payments of principal and interest when due or delays or moratoriums on foreclosures or enforcement actions with respect to delinquent or defaulted mortgages imposed by governmental authorities. Further, extreme market volatility may leave us unable to react to market events in a prudent manner consistent with accepted investment practices in dealing with more orderly markets; Potential impacts on our operations due to efforts to mitigate the pandemic, including government mandated shutdowns, requests or orders for employees to work remotely, and other social distancing measures, which could result in an adverse impact on our ability to conduct our business, including our ability to sell policies, and adjust certain claims; Potential impacts on morbidity could adversely affect the potential profitability of our annuity products; We also outsource certain critical business activities to third parties such as our IMOs. As a result, we rely upon the successful implementation and execution of the business continuity planning of such entities in the current environment. While we monitor the business continuity activities of these third parties, successful implementation and execution of their business continuity strategies are largely outside our control. If one or more of the third parties on whom we rely for critical business activities experience operational difficulties or failures as a result of the impacts from the spread of COVID-19, it may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, and cash flows; and Potential impacts of COVID-19 on reinsurers and the cost and availability of reinsurance. 
 Finally, we cannot predict how legal and regulatory responses to concerns about COVID-19 and related public health issues, including responses to any future outbreaks of communicable diseases, will impact our business. The continued spread of COVID-19 and its variants has led to disruption and volatility in the global capital markets which could increase our funding costs and limit our access to the capital markets. Accordingly, we may in the future have difficulty accessing capital on attractive terms, or at all, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. Catastrophes may adversely impact liabilities for policyholder claims and reinsurance availability. Claims resulting from catastrophic events could harm our financial results, profitability, and financial condition. Catastrophic events could impact our insurance business by significantly impacting our assumptions as to mortality, morbidity, and other rates, as well as product sales. Catastrophic events may also reduce economic activity in affected areas, which could harm our prospects for new business. In addition, catastrophes could cause unanticipated financial strain on our insureds as well as increase the cost of reinsurance to us and decrease the availability of reinsurance, which could in turn harm our business, results of operations, or financial condition. Claims loss reserves may be inadequate. We maintain loss reserves to cover estimated liabilities for unpaid losses and loss expenses, including legal and other fees, as well as other claims and settlement costs for reported and unreported claims incurred as of the end of each accounting period. Loss reserves do not represent an exact calculation of liability. Rather, reserves represent an estimate of what we expect the ultimate settlement and administration of claims will cost. These estimates, which generally involve actuarial projections, are based on the assessment of facts and circumstances then known, as well as estimates of future trends in claims severity, frequency, and other factors. The variables described above are affected by both internal and external events, such as changes in claims handling procedures, economic inflation, judicial and litigation trends, and legislative changes. Many of these items are not directly quantifiable in advance. Additionally, there may be a significant delay between the occurrence of the insured event and the time it is reported to us. Reserve estimates are continually refined as experience develops and further claims are reported and settled. Adjustments to reserves are reflected in the results of the periods in which such estimates are changed. Because setting reserves is inherently uncertain, we cannot assure that our current reserves will prove adequate in light of subsequent events, including for example the uncertainties relating to the COVID-19 pandemic. Accordingly, the ultimate settlement of losses may be significantly greater or less than the loss and loss expense reserves as of the date of the balance sheet. If our loss reserves are determined to be inadequate, we will be required to increase loss reserves at the time of such determination with a corresponding decrease in our profitability. If the increase in loss reserves is large enough, we could incur a net loss and a net reduction of our capital. 
 27 

Table of Contents 
 Adverse capital and credit market conditions may significantly affect our ability to meet liquidity needs and access the capital required to operate our business. In the insurance industry, liquidity refers to the ability of an insurance company to generate adequate amounts of cash from its normal operations, including from its investment portfolio, in order to meet its financial commitments, which are principally obligations under the insurance policies it has written. The capital and credit markets have historically experienced significant volatility and disruption. In some cases, the markets have exerted downward pressure on the availability of liquidity and credit capacity. In the event that we need access to additional capital to pay our operating expenses, or increase the amount of insurance that we seek to underwrite, or otherwise grow our business, our ability to obtain such capital may be limited and the cost of any such capital may be significant. In addition, the availability of additional financing will depend on a variety of factors, including capital and credit market conditions, the availability of credit generally and specifically to the financial services industries, market liquidity, our creditworthiness, as well as the possibility that customers or capital providers could develop a negative perception of our long or short-term financial prospects if we incur large investment losses or if our level of business activity decreases. Similarly, our access to capital may be impaired if regulatory authorities or rating agencies take negative actions against us. Our internal sources of liquidity may prove to be insufficient, and we may not be able to successfully obtain additional financing on favorable terms, or at all. As such, we may be forced to issue securities with terms and conditions that may be unfavorable to us, to accept an unattractive cost of capital or to sell certain assets, any of which could decrease our profitability and significantly reduce our financial flexibility. If a combination of these factors occurs, our internal sources of liquidity may prove to be insufficient and, in such case, we may not be able to successfully obtain additional financing on terms favorable to us. The transition from LIBOR to alternative reference benchmark interest rates is uncertain and could adversely affect the value of or the interest rates on our investments and obligations indexed to LIBOR, as well as the revenue and expenses associated with those assets and obligations. LIBOR is an interest rate benchmark that has been widely used in financial contracts around the world for decades. In July 2017, the United Kingdom s Financial Conduct Authority FCA ), which regulates the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR ), announced that it intended to phase out LIBOR by the end of 2021. Following discussions with the FCA and other official sector bodies, the Intercontinental Exchange Benchmark Administration announced in March 2021 that the publication of certain USD LIBOR settings will continue through June 30, 2023. The Alternative Reference Rates Committee of the Federal Reserve Board ARRC ), a group of market participants convened to help ensure a successful transition away from LIBOR, has recommended the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR as its preferred alternative reference rate and has proposed a transition plan and timeline designed to encourage the adoption of SOFR from LIBOR. We are in the process of analyzing and identifying our population of securities, financial instruments, and contracts that utilize LIBOR (collectively LIBOR Instruments to determine if we have any material exposure to the transition from LIBOR. To the extent we hold LIBOR Instruments, the terms of these instruments may have fallback provisions that provide for an alternative reference rate when LIBOR ceases to exist. For securities without adequate fallback provisions already in place, federal legislation has been enacted to provide a safe harbor for transition to the recommended alternative reference rate. Notwithstanding the availability of statutory guidance on fallback procedures, in preparation for the phase out of LIBOR, we may need to renegotiate our LIBOR Instruments that utilize LIBOR. However, these efforts may not be successful in mitigating the legal and financial risk from changing the reference rate in our LIBOR Instruments. Furthermore, the discontinuation of LIBOR may adversely impact our ability to manage and hedge exposures to fluctuations in interest rates using derivative instruments. As a result, the transition of our LIBOR Instruments to alternative reference rates, including SOFR, may result in adverse changes to the net investment income, fair market value and return on those investments. We intend to continue evaluating and monitoring the risks associated with the LIBOR transition which include identifying and monitoring our exposure to LIBOR and ensuring operational processes are updated to accommodate alternative rates. Due to uncertainty surrounding the effect of adopting or transitioning to alternative rates, such as SOFR, we are unable to predict the overall impact of this change at this time. 
 28 

Table of Contents 
 The insurance industry is subject to numerous laws and regulations, and compliance costs and/or changes in the regulatory environment that could adversely affect our business. Our insurance operations are subject to government regulation in each of the states in which we conduct business. Such regulatory authority is vested in state agencies that are concerned primarily with the protection of policyholders rather than shareholders. These state insurance regulatory authorities have broad administrative powers dealing with all aspects of the insurance business, including, among other areas, regulation of the advertising and marketing of insurance, privacy of policyholders, acquisitions of regulated insurance entities, payment of dividends, reinsurance, the form and content of insurance policies (including pricing), operating and agent licenses, regulation of premium rates, premium tax increases, rating and underwriting restrictions and limitations, asset and reserve valuation requirements, enterprise risk management, surplus requirements, the type or amount of investments, accounting standards, Risk-Based Capital RBC requirements, statutory reserve and capital requirements, assessments by guaranty associations, affiliate transactions, and unfair trade and claims practice. In addition, our insurance operations may be impacted by actions taken by the NAIC. A primary mandate of the NAIC is to benefit state insurance regulatory authorities and consumers by promulgating model insurance laws and regulations for adoption by the states. The NAIC also provides standardized insurance industry accounting and reporting guidance through the NAIC Accounting Manual. However, model insurance laws and regulations are only effective when adopted by the states, and statutory accounting and reporting principles continue to be established by individual state laws, regulations, and permitted practices. Changes to the NAIC Accounting Manual or modifications by the various state insurance departments may adversely affect the statutory capital and surplus of American Life. See Regulation for further discussion. The NAIC and state insurance regulators reexamine existing laws and regulations on an ongoing basis, and focus on insurance company investments and solvency issues, risk-based capital guidelines, interpretations of existing laws, the development of new laws, the implementation of non-statutory guidelines, and the circumstances under which dividends may be paid. Future NAIC initiatives, and other regulatory changes, could have a material adverse impact on our insurance business. There can be no assurance that American Life will be able to satisfy the regulatory requirements of the NDOI or a similar department in any other state in which it transacts business. A significant component of our business plan is to reinsure a significant portion of the insurance policies that we issue. It should be assumed that state regulators will monitor carefully the financial strength of any third-party reinsurer and in certain instances may require that sufficient funds be reserved by us in order to alleviate risks associated with reinsurers being unable to meet their financial commitments in the case of claims on insurance policies with a reinsurer. This oversight may result in our operations being less economically successful than we are seeking and could adversely affect our result of operations and therefore the value of our voting common stock. In addition, as the owner of a life insurance subsidiary, Midwest is itself regulated by the NDOI and, to a lesser extent, by the various state insurance regulatory authorities of those U.S. jurisdictions where American Life is licensed. All U.S. states have enacted legislation requiring each insurance holding company and each insurance company in an insurance holding company system to register with the insurance regulatory authority of the insurance company s state of domicile (in the case of American Life, Nebraska) and to furnish annually financial and other information concerning the operations of companies within the holding company system that materially affect the operations, management, or financial condition of the insurers within such system (generally referred to as insurance holding company acts ). Under such laws, among other requirements, transactions between Midwest and its regulated insurance subsidiaries and affiliates must be fair and reasonable and, if material or of a specified category, they require prior notice and approval or non-disapproval by the state of domicile of each insurance company that is party to the transaction. In addition, under such laws, a state insurance authority usually must approve in advance the direct or indirect acquisition of 10 or more of the voting securities of an insurance company domiciled in its state. In addition, American Life generally may not pay dividends without giving prior notice thereof to the NDOI and generally may not pay extraordinary dividends without obtaining the prior approval or non-disapproval of such regulators. The laws and regulations prohibit an insurer from, without regulatory approval, paying an extraordinary dividend, which is generally defined as any dividend paid from other than earned surplus or exceeding certain thresholds specified in the applicable state insurance laws. As a component of its ongoing efforts to remain compliant with the U.S. insurance regulatory regime, we file detailed annual reports with respect to American Life with the NDOI and all of the states in which American Life is licensed. Also, the business and accounts of American Life are subject to examination by the NDOI, as well as inquiries including investigations of the various insurance regulatory authorities of the states in which American Life is licensed. 
 29 

Table of Contents 
 Development of annuity and life insurance products involves the use of certain assumptions, and the inaccuracy of these assumptions could adversely affect profitability. In our insurance business, we must make certain assumptions as to expected mortality, lapse rates, and other factors in developing the pricing and other terms of insurance products. These assumptions are based on industry experience and are reviewed and revised regularly to reflect actual experience on a current basis. However, variation of actual experience from that assumed in developing such terms may affect a product s profitability or sales volume and in turn adversely impact our revenues and profitability. If we underestimate our liability for future policy benefits, our results of operations could suffer. Liabilities established for future life insurance policy benefits are based upon a number of factors, including certain assumptions such as mortality, morbidity, lapse rates, and crediting rates. Unforeseen events like epidemics or pandemics could arise and have an adverse effect on our assumptions as to morbidity and mortality. If we underestimate future policy benefits, we will incur additional expenses at the time we become aware of the inadequacy. As a result, our losses would increase and our ability to achieve profits would suffer. Fluctuations in interest rates could cause a reduction in investment income or adversely affect the market value of interest-rate sensitive investments, which could adversely affect our business and could cause our debt service obligations to increase significantly. Interest rate fluctuations may impair an insurance company s ability to pay policyholder benefits with operating and investment cash flows, cash on hand and other cash sources. Our annuity products expose us to the risk that changes in interest rates will reduce any spread, or the difference between the amounts that American Life is required to pay under the contracts and the amounts American Life is able to earn on its investments intended to support its obligations under its annuity contracts. Spread is a key component of net revenues. To the extent that interest rates credited are less than those generally available in the marketplace, policyholder lapses, policy loans and surrenders, and withdrawals of annuity contracts may increase as contract holders seek to purchase products with perceived higher returns. This process may result in cash outflows requiring that American Life sell investments at a time when the prices of those investments are adversely affected by the increase in market interest rates, which may result in realized investment losses. Increases in market interest rates may also negatively affect profitability. In periods of increasing interest rates (such as those the U.S. and certain foreign markets are currently experiencing), we may not be able to replace invested assets with higher yielding assets needed to fund the higher crediting rates that may be necessary to keep interest sensitive products competitive. American Life, therefore, may have to accept a lower spread and thus lower profitability or face a decline in sales and greater surrender of existing annuity contracts. Additionally, borrowings under our Revolving Credit Facility (as defined below) are at variable rates of interest and expose us to interest rate risk. The recent rise in interest rates has increased our cost of borrowing. We are subject to extensive regulation. As stated above, we are subject to extensive state regulatory oversight in the jurisdictions in which we do business, as well as federal oversight with respect to certain portions of our business. Changes in state regulations, or in the interpretation or application of existing state laws or regulations, may adversely impact our pricing, capital requirements, reserve adequacy, or exposure to litigation and could increase the costs of our regulatory compliance. Changes are often implemented by state regulators in order to benefit policyholders to the detriment of insurers. State insurance regulators and the NAIC continually reexamine existing laws and regulations and may impose changes in the future that put further regulatory burdens on us and, thus, could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. In addition, state insurance laws, rather than federal bankruptcy laws, govern the liquidation or restructuring of insurance companies. Virtually all states in which we operate require that we bear a portion of the loss suffered by some insureds as the result of impaired or insolvent insurance companies via participation in state guaranty associations. The effect of these and similar arrangements could reduce our profitability in any given period and/or limit our ability to grow our business. Finally, some insurers of the programs or 
 30 

Table of Contents 
 associations to make payments to insureds for losses could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. From time to time, increased scrutiny has been placed upon the U.S. insurance regulatory framework by both federal and state legislators and regulators. A number of state legislatures have considered or enacted legislative measures that alter, and in many cases increase, state authority to regulate insurance and reinsurance companies. In addition to legislative initiatives of this type, the NAIC and insurance regulators are regularly involved in a process of reexamining existing laws and regulations and their application to insurance and reinsurance companies. We cannot predict the effect that any proposed or future federal or state legislation or change in the interpretation or application of existing laws or regulations may have on our financial condition or results of operations. A failure to comply with rules and regulations in a jurisdiction could lead to disciplinary action, the imposition of fines or the revocation of the license, permission or authorization necessary to conduct our businesses in that jurisdiction, all of which could have a material adverse effect on the continued conduct of business in a particular jurisdiction. The impact on potential customers and vendors of sustained or significant deterioration in economic conditions, including due to concerns of a potential economic downturn or recession, could adversely affect our business. We are exposed to risks associated with the potential financial instability of our customers, many of whom may be adversely affected by an economic slowdown or recession, inflation, or rising interest rates. As a result of macroeconomic challenges currently or potentially affecting the economy of the U.S. and other parts of the world, customers may experience serious cash flow problems and other financial difficulties. In addition, events in the U.S. or foreign markets, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, the rising rate of inflation that the U.S. is currently experiencing, bank failures, and the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, may continue to impact the global economy and capital markets. The impact of such events is difficult to predict. As a result, customers and potential customers may modify, delay, or cancel plans to purchase our products. Additionally, if customers are not successful in generating sufficient incomes, they may not be able to pay, or may delay payment of, premiums and other amounts that are owed to us. Any liability of current or potential customers to pay us for our products may adversely affect our earnings and cash flow. A general economic slowdown or recession could potentially adversely affect us in the form of consumer behavior, particularly through decreased demand for our products. In addition, we are susceptible to risks associated with the potential financial instability of the vendors on which we rely to provide services or to whom we delegate certain functions. The same conditions that may affect our customers also could adversely affect our vendors, causing them to significantly and quickly increase their prices or reduce their output. Our business depends on our ability to perform, in an efficient and uninterrupted fashion, our necessary business functions, and any interruption in the services provided by third parties could also adversely affect us. Defaults on commercial mortgage loans and volatility in performance may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. A decline in the commercial real estate market within the U.S. resulting from changes in interest rates, real estate market conditions or an economic downturn or recession may have a negative impact on the value of our commercial mortgage loan portfolio. Negative developments across a certain property type or the occurrence of a negative event within a geographic region may have a significant negative impact, based on concentration within that property type or geographic region. Our operations and financial condition may be adversely affected from an increase in borrower defaults within our commercial mortgage loan portfolio. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. Our valuation of investments and the determinations of the amount of allowances and impairments taken on our investments may include methodologies, estimations and assumptions that are subject to differing interpretations and, if changed, could materially adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition. Fixed maturities, equity securities and derivatives represent the majority of assets and liabilities reported at fair value on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date (an exit price). Fair value estimates are made based on available market information and judgments about the financial instrument at a specific point in time. Considerable judgment is often 
 31 

Table of Contents 
 required to develop estimates of fair value, and the use of different assumptions or valuation methodologies may have a material effect on the estimated fair value amounts. As an example, our registered independent accounting firm has identified the valuation of embedded derivatives of fixed indexed annuities as a critical audit matter. Our FIA contracts allow the policyholder to elect a fixed interest rate return or an equity market component for which interest credited is based on the performance of certain stock market indices. The equity market option is an embedded derivative. The fair value of the embedded derivatives is computed as the present value of death, surrender, and partial withdrawal benefits attributable to the excess of the projected policy contract values over the projected minimum guaranteed contract values. The projections of policy contract values are based on assumptions for future policy growth, which included assumptions for expected index credits on the next policy anniversary date, future equity option cost developed based on the participation rate, cap rate, strike rate, volatility assumption, time to expiration, and risk-free rates using the Black Scholes formula and grow at the risk-free interest rates over the term of the index period, guaranteed minimum renewal interest rate, and policyholder assumptions including mortality, lapses, partial withdrawal rates, and the utilization of benefit riders. Because of the significant subjectivity and estimation of the valuation inputs, the valuation of our embedded derivatives could vary significantly as conditions change and new information and becomes available. Decreases in value may have a material adverse effect on our results of operation or financial condition. Our determination of the amount of allowances and impairments varies by investment type and is based on our periodic evaluations and assessments of known and inherent risks associated with the respective asset class. Such evaluations and assessments are revised as conditions change and new information becomes available. We update our evaluations regularly and make changes in allowances and impairments in operations. Market volatility, including as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, inflation, bank failures, and the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, can make it more difficult to value our securities if trading in such securities becomes less frequent. In addition, a forced sale by holders of large amounts of a security, whether due to insolvency, liquidity, or other issues with respect to such holders, could result in declines in the price of a security. There can be no guarantee that we have accurately assessed the level of impairments taken and allowances reflected in our financial statements. Furthermore, additional impairments may need to be taken or allowances provided for in the future. Impairments result in charges to earnings in the period taken, and historical trends may not be indicative of future impairments or allowances. A breach of information security or other unauthorized data access could have an adverse impact on our business and reputation. In the ordinary course of business, we collect, process, transmit, and store large quantities of personally identifiable information, customer financial and health information, and proprietary business information Sensitive Information ). The secure processing, storage, maintenance, and transmission of Sensitive Information are vital to our operations and business strategies. Although we undertake substantial efforts to reasonably protect Sensitive Information, including internal processes and technological defenses that are preventative, and other commercially reasonable controls designed to provide multiple layers of security and detection, Sensitive Information maintained by us may be vulnerable to attacks by computer hackers, to physical theft by other third-party criminals, or to other compromise due to employee error or malfeasance. Attacks may include both sophisticated cyber-attacks perpetrated by organized crime groups, activists, or state sponsored groups, as well as non-technical attacks ranging from sophisticated social engineering to simple extortion or threats, which can lead to unauthorized access or disclosure, disruption or further attacks. Such events may expose us to civil and criminal liability, or regulatory action, harm our reputation among customers, deter people from purchasing our products, cause system interruptions, require significant technical, legal, and other remediation expenses, and otherwise have an adverse impact on our business. Third parties to whom we outsource certain functions are also subject to the risks outlined above, and if a third-party suffers a breach of information security involving our Sensitive Information, the breach may result in substantial costs and other negative consequences, including a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. We offer no guarantees that we will be able to implement information security measures to prevent all breaches of information security. Employee error, misconduct, or excessive risks may be difficult to detect and prevent and could adversely affect us. Persons who conduct our business, including executive officers and other members of management, other employees and our IMOs and their sales agents, do so in part by making decisions and choices that involve exposing us to risk. These include decisions such as setting underwriting guidelines and standards, product design and pricing, determining what assets to purchase for investment and when to sell them, deciding which business opportunities to pursue, and other business decisions. Losses may result from, among other things, excessive risk, fraud, errors, failure to document transactions properly, failure to obtain proper internal authorization, or failure to comply with regulatory requirements. Although we employ controls and procedures designed to monitor business decisions and 
 32 

Table of Contents 
 prevent us from taking excessive risks, it is not always possible to deter or prevent employee misconduct or errors in judgment, and the precautions that we take to prevent and detect this activity may not be effective in all cases. The impact of those losses and excessive risks could harm our reputation and have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and business operations. We face a risk of noncompliance with and enforcement action under the anti-money laundering statutes and regulations. A major focus of governmental policy on financial institutions in recent years has been aimed at combating money laundering and terrorist financing. The USA PATRIOT Act of 2001 substantially broadened the scope of United States anti-money laundering laws and regulations by imposing significant new compliance and due diligence obligations, creating new crimes and penalties and expanding the extra territorial jurisdiction of the United States, and by expanding the categories of financial institutions to which such laws and regulations apply to include some categories of insurance companies. Certain financial institutions are also prohibited from entering into specified financial transactions and account relationships and must use enhanced due diligence procedures in their dealings with certain types of high risk clients and implement a written client identification program. Financial institutions must take certain steps to assist government agencies in detecting and preventing money laundering and report certain types of suspicious transactions without notifying the affected clients. Regulatory authorities routinely examine financial institutions to ensure that they have policies and procedures reasonably designed to comply with applicable requirements and for compliance with the policies and procedures and these substantive obligations. Failure of a financial institution to maintain and implement adequate programs, including policies and procedures, to combat money laundering and terrorist financing, or to comply with all of the relevant laws or regulations, could have serious legal and reputational consequences for the institution. Regulatory authorities have imposed cease and desist orders and civil money penalties against institutions found to be violating these obligations. We and our subsidiaries are subject to anti-money laundering statutes and certain regulations, and our compliance obligations under these rules may result in increased costs and allocation of internal resources. Litigation or regulatory actions could have a material adverse impact on us. Current and future litigation or regulatory investigations and actions in the ordinary course of operating our business, including class action lawsuits, may negatively affect us by resulting in the payment of substantial awards or settlements, increasing legal and compliance costs, requiring us to change certain aspects of our business operations, diverting management attention from other business issues, harming our reputation with customers, or making it more difficult to retain current customers and to recruit and retain employees or IMOs. Guarantees within certain of our products may adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations. We offer guarantees which may include a return of no less than the total deposits made on the contract less any customer withdrawals, total deposits made on the contract less any customer withdrawals plus a minimum return, or the highest contract value on a specified anniversary date minus any customer withdrawals following the contract anniversary. These guarantees can also include benefits payable in the event of death, upon annuitization, upon periodic withdrawal, or at specified dates during the accumulation period. Periods of significant and sustained downturns in equity markets, increased equity volatility, and/or reduced interest rates could result in an increase in the valuation of the future policy benefit or policyholder account balance liabilities associated with such products, resulting in a reduction of our potential profitability. We use risk management techniques including product design, asset liability management, reinsurance and hedge strategies to manage the risk associated with liability exposures and the volatility of net income associated with these liabilities. We remain ultimately liable for the specific guaranteed benefits and are subject to the risk that reinsurers or derivative counterparties are unable or unwilling to pay. In addition, we are subject to the risk that hedging and other risk management procedures prove ineffective, or the estimates and assumptions made in connection with their use fail to reflect or correspond to the actual liability exposure, or that unanticipated policyholder behavior or mortality, combined with adverse market events, produces economic losses beyond the scope of the risk management techniques employed. We are also subject to the risk that the cost of hedging these guaranteed minimum benefits may materially increase. These risks, individually or collectively, may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. We regularly analyze overall risk position at the enterprise level and decide how much risk to retain (that is, to hold capital) and how much risk to transfer off the balance sheet. This decision considers the cost of transferring risk, the concentration of the risk, and our 
 33 

Table of Contents 
 tolerance for volatility. Residual risk for which we hold capital may lead to earnings volatility. We cannot assure you that our hedging strategy will successfully mitigate any risks we may hedge. Deviations from assumptions regarding future persistency, mortality, morbidity, and interest rates used in calculating reserve amounts could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations or financial condition. Our profitability depends significantly upon the extent to which the actual experience is consistent with the assumptions we use in setting prices for our products and establishing liabilities for future policy benefits and claims. Such amounts are established based on estimates by actuaries of how much we will need to pay for future benefits and claims. The process of calculating reserve amounts for a life insurance company involves the use of a number of assumptions, including those related to persistency (how long a contract stays with a company), mortality (the likelihood of death or the likelihood of survival), morbidity (likelihood of sickness or disability), and interest rates (the rates expected to be paid or received on financial instruments, including insurance or investment contracts). Pricing of our annuity products is also based in part upon expected persistency of these products, which is the probability that a policy or contract will remain in force from one period to the next. Persistency within our annuities business may be significantly impacted by the value of guaranteed minimum benefits contained in many of our annuity products being higher than current account values, in light of poor equity market performance or extended periods of low interest rates, as well as other factors. Persistency could be adversely affected generally by developments affecting client perceptions of us, including perceptions arising from adverse publicity. Many of our products also provide our customers with wide flexibility with respect to the amount and timing of premium deposits and the amount and timing of withdrawals from the policy s value. Some of our products and services are complex and are sold through IMOs and their agents, and a failure of the IMOs and their agents to properly explain our products and services or their misrepresentation in connection therewith could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Some of our products are complex and all of our products are presently sold through IMOs and their agents. Therefore, we are primarily reliant on our IMOs and their agents in our distribution channel to describe and explain our products to potential customers. The intentional or unintentional misrepresentation of our products and services in advertising materials or other external communications, or inappropriate activities by the IMOs or their agents, could adversely affect our business reputation and prospects, as well as lead to potential regulatory actions or litigation. Expectations relating to environmental, social, and governance ESG considerations could expose us to potential liabilities, increased costs, and reputational harm. Governmental authorities, non-governmental organizations, customers, investors, external stakeholders and employees are increas-ingly sensitive to ESG considerations, such as diversity and inclusion, sustainability, climate change, cyber-security and data privacy. This focus on ESG considerations may lead to increased compliance costs associated with running our business. Responding to ESG concerns, implementing ESG initiatives and achieving ESG goals involves risks and uncertainties, requires investment, and depends in part on third-party performance or data that is outside of our control. We risk negative stockholder reaction, including from proxy advisory services, as well as damage to our brands and reputation, if we fail, or are perceived to fail, to adhere to any public statements about ESG matters, comply fully with developing interpretations of ESG laws and regulations or meet evolving and varied stakeholder expectations and standards. In addition, some stakeholders may disagree with any of our ESG goals and initiatives. If we do not meet the evolving and varied ESG expectations of our customers, investors and other stakeholders, we could experience reduced demand for our products and services, loss of customers and other negative effects on our business, results of operations and the market price of our common stock, and could be exposed to government enforcement actions or private litigation. ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. None. 
 34 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES. We currently lease approximately 15,831 square feet of office space at 2900 South 70th Street, Suites 350 and 400, Lincoln, Nebraska 68506. This lease was executed October 16, 2021 and expires on October 16, 2031. We also rent approximately 455 square feet of office space at 405 Lexington Avenue, Floor 9, New York, New York, 10174. This rental agreement was executed September 1, 2021 and renews on a month--to--month basis. ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. We are involved in litigation incidental to our operations from time to time. We are not presently a party to any legal proceedings other than litigation arising in the ordinary course of our business, and we are not aware of any claims that could materially adversely affect our financial position or results of operations. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. Not applicable. 
 35 

Table of Contents 
 PART II. ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. Market Information Historically our voting common stock was listed on the OTCQB Marketplace under the symbol MDWT but had experienced very limited trading. On August 27, 2020, we completed a 500 for one reverse stock split and minimal trading of our voting common stock occurred after that date until December 17, 2020, when our voting common stock was listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol MDWT. The following table shows the high and low bid prices of our voting common stock as reported by Nasdaq. As of March 22, 2023, the closing price of our common stock on The Nasdaq Capital Market was 17.21 per share. 

Bid Price Period Year High Low First Quarter 2021 50.29 49.14 Second Quarter 2021 39.81 39.21 Third Quarter 2021 39.80 38.90 Fourth Quarter 2021 17.56 16.73 First Quarter 2022 24.19 21.76 Second Quarter 2022 17.60 16.10 Third Quarter 2022 16.69 15.54 Fourth Quarter 2022 16.95 16.80 On March 13, 2023, there were approximately 4,195 holders of record of our voting common stock. Dividend Policy Holders of our voting common stock are entitled to cash dividends when, as, and if declared by our Board out of funds legally available therefor. We have never paid cash dividends on our voting common stock. Future dividend policy will be subject to the discretion of our Board and will be contingent upon future earnings, if any, our financial condition, capital requirements, general business conditions, and other factors. Therefore, we can give no assurance that future cash dividends of any kind will be paid to holders of our voting common stock. Our ability to pay cash dividends depends, in part, upon on the ability of American Life to pay cash dividends to us. American Life, as an insurance subsidiary, is subject to significant regulatory restrictions limiting its ability to declare and pay cash dividends. These restrictions are related to surplus and net investment income. ITEM 6. [RESERVED]. ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. The following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the notes to those statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and it includes many forward-looking statements which involve many risks and uncertainties including those referred to herein. Our actual results could differ materially from those indicated in such forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, such as those set forth herein under Special Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements, Summary of Risks Associated with our Business and Voting Common Stock and Risk Factors. We are under no duty to update any of the forward-looking statements after the date of this annual report to conform these statements to actual results. 
 36 

Table of Contents 
 Overview of Company and Business Model Midwest Holding Inc. Midwest, the Company, we, our, or us was incorporated on October 31, 2003 for the purpose of operating a financial services company. We are in the annuity insurance business and operate through our wholly owned subsidiaries, American Life Security Corp. American Life ), 1505 Capital LLC 1505 Capital ), and our sponsored captive reinsurance company, Seneca Reinsurance Company, LLC Seneca Re ). We are a financial services company focused on helping people plan and secure their future by providing technology-enabled and services-oriented solutions to support individuals retirement through our annuity products. We distribute our annuities through independent distributors who are primarily independent marketing organizations IMOs ). Our operations are comprised of three distinct, inter-connected businesses insurance, reinsurance, and asset management. We seek to reinsure a significant portion of our annuity policies with third-party reinsurers and our captive reinsurance subsidiary, Seneca Re. Our third-party reinsurers include traditional reinsurers and capital markets reinsurers, who are investors seeking exposure to reinsurance revenue and typically do not have their own reinsurance platforms or insurance-related operations. We also have the flexibility to selectively retain assets and liabilities associated with our policies for a period of time when we expect that doing so will provide an attractive return on our capital. We believe that our operating capabilities and technology platform provide annuity distributors and reinsurers with flexible and cost-effective solutions. We seek to create value through our ability to provide the distributors and reinsurers with annuity product innovation, speed to market for new products, competitive rates and commissions, and streamlined customer and agent experiences. Our capital model allows us to support increasing annuity sales volumes with capital capacity provided by reinsurers although, in connection with plans for future growth, we continue to monitor any need for additional capital. By reinsuring a significant portion of the annuity policies issued, the level of capital needed for American Life is significantly less than retaining all of the business on its books. We believe this capital light approach has the potential to produce enhanced returns for our business compared to a traditional insurance company capital structure. This strategy helps reduce our insurance regulatory capital requirements because policies that are reinsured require substantially less capital and surplus than policies retained by us. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 43 of the deposits received in 2022 for our annuity products were ceded to reinsurance vehicles capitalized by third party reinsurers or held in protected cells within Seneca Re for future reinsurance transactions. We operate our core business through four subsidiaries under one reportable segment. American Life Security Corp. American Life is a Nebraska-domiciled life insurance company, currently licensed to sell, underwrite, and market life insurance and annuity products in 24 states and the District of Columbia. American Life obtained a financial strength rating of B++ Good from A.M. Best Company A.M. Best ), a leading rating agency for insurance companies, in December 2018. That rating was affirmed in March 2023 when A.M. Best also revised its outlook for American Life from Positive to Stable. All of our annuities are written by American Life. Our other insurance subsidiary, Seneca Re, is a Vermont-domiciled sponsored captive reinsurance company established in early 2020 to reinsure various types of risks on behalf of American Life and third-party capital providers through special purpose reinsurance entities known as protected cells. Through Seneca Re, we assist capital market investors in establishing and licensing new protected cells. Midwest Capital Corp was established as a holding company and is the immediate parent of Seneca Incorporated Cell, LLC 2021-03 SRC3 ), both of which are consolidated into our financial statements. Our fourth subsidiary, 1505 Capital, is an SEC registered investment adviser providing financial, investment advisory, and management services. Our asset management services are available to third-party insurers and reinsurers. At December 31, 2022, 1505 Capital had approximately 501.9 million total third-party assets under management. We seek to deliver long-term value by growing our annuity volumes and generating profitable fee-based revenue. We generate fees and other revenue based on the gross deposits received on the annuity policies we issue, reinsure, and administer. We provide an end-to-end solution to manage annuity products that includes a broad set of product development, distribution support, policy administration, and asset/liability management services. Our platform enables us to efficiently develop, sell and administer a wide range of annuity products. 
 37 

Table of Contents 
 Industry Trends and Market Conditions Market We participate in a large U.S. market that we expect to grow in part due to a number of demographic trends. As measured by annual premiums written, annuities are the largest product line in the life, annuity, and accident and health sector. Annuities play an important role in retirement planning by providing individuals with stable, tax-efficient sources of income. In 2021, annuity premiums accounted for 319 billion of annual premiums, or approximately 30 of the 1.1 trillion of total annual life, annuity, and accident and health premiums according to the Insurance Information Institute. The most common annuities are fixed and variable and can be written on an individual or group basis. Our current products are MYGAs and FIAs written on an individual basis. An increasing portion of the U.S. population is of retirement age and is expected to increase the retirement income needs of retirees. The number of people of retirement age has increased significantly since 2010, driven by the aging of the Baby Boomer generation. The U.S. population over 65 years old is forecasted to grow from 56 million in 2020 to an estimated 81 million by 2040, according to the U.S. Census Bureau, Population Estimates and Projections. This study also forecasted that U.S. population aged over 65 years old is expected to grow by 44 from 2020 to 2040, while the total U.S. population is expected to grow by only 12 . Annuities in the U.S. are distributed through a number of channels, most of which are independent from the insurance companies that issue annuities. Independent distribution channels serve as the primary and a growing source of annuity distribution. In 2021, approximately 77 of U.S. individual annuity sales occurred through independent distributors, including independent agents, broker-dealers, and banks, representing an increase from approximately 70 in 2017 according to U.S. Individual Annuities, 2021 Year in Review, Life Insurance Marketing and Research Association LIMRA ), 2022. Independent agents are the second largest distribution channel, behind independent broker-dealers, accounting for approximately 19 of U.S. individual annuity sales in 2021. IMOs provide independent agents with access to annuity products along with operational support services and functionality to support the distribution services of the agents. The infrastructure and support services provided by IMOs to independent agents are critical to the success of independent agents and their ability to serve their customers and generate additional sales. We believe that capital markets investors have been actively seeking investing in and acquiring insurance and reinsurance companies in recent years. Fixed annuities provide upfront premiums and stable, long-term payment obligations and are thus attractive sources of liability-funded assets for a variety of traditional and alternative asset managers and investors. However, there are significant regulatory and operational hurdles for capital providers looking to enter the insurance market. These hurdles are exacerbated by the limited legacy administrative capabilities, product development processes and technology systems, of traditional insurers and reinsurers. We provide asset managers and investors the ability to seamlessly access funding from annuities through a variety of reinsurance entities that we can form quickly and operate efficiently with lower upfront and ongoing regulatory and operating costs. State expansion efforts have taken more time than anticipated, as state insurance regulators would like to see a more fully developed historical financial footprint. We are working diligently to file in more states, responding and providing increased information to regulators and discussing how our business model ensures policyholders are protected, given the capital held and supported by the use of reinsurance. We currently distribute annuity products through 27 third-party IMOs. We believe our product development, prompt policy processing, operating flexibility and speed to market make us a desirable partner for insurance distributors. We are seeking to grow by increasing volumes with our current IMOs and by establishing new IMO relationships. Competition We operate in highly competitive markets with a variety of participants, including insurance companies, financial institutions, asset managers, and reinsurance companies. These companies compete in various forms in the annuity market, for investment assets and for services. We seek to build strong relationships along with offering technology-enabled and services-oriented solutions for our partners. Our experience indicates that the market for annuities is dynamic. The combination of the treasury market experiencing the unprecedented rate increases and the volatility in the market resulting from the war in Ukraine and related economic uncertainties due to inflation has opened up investment opportunities that allow us, and our reinsurance partners, to support more competitive rates for annuities. Based on our experience with COVID, we expect this investment environment to be conducive to our business model. We have been reviewing policy pricing along with reinsurer appetite to ensure we continue to grow our business while managing risk. We have recently taken pricing action on both our FIA and MYGA products and continue to monitor our competitiveness in the market. 
 38 

Table of Contents 
 We have also increased our focus on marketing, reestablishing, and expanding our relationships on the distribution side through various channels and are reallocating or adding resources relating to this initiative. As a result, we experienced encouraging sales as 2022 unfolded. However, we expect competition in our market to remain intense particularly from other well established entities providing annuity products. Interest Rate Environment The Federal Reserve has continued increasing short-term interest rates, compared to the historically low levels in 2021 and the expectation communicated from U.S. federal banking officials is for rate increases to continue. We seek to address our interest rate risk through managing the duration of the liabilities and purchasing and holding quality, long-term assets mirroring that duration. If interest rates were to rise, we believe the yield on our floating rate investments and the yield on new investment purchases would rise. We also believe our products would therefore be more attractive to consumers and our annuities sales would increase. Discontinuation of LIBOR The Financial Conduct Authority FCA ), the United Kingdom regulator of the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR ), previously indicated that it intends to stop compelling panel banks to submit quotes used to determine LIBOR after 2021. On November 30, 2020, the Intercontinental Exchange ICE Benchmark Administration IBA ), the administrator of LIBOR, announced a consultation regarding its intention to cease the publication of one week and two-month U.S. Dollar LIBOR settings at the end of December 2021, but to extend the publication of the remaining U.S. Dollar LIBOR settings (overnight and one, three, six, and 12-month U.S. Dollar LIBOR) until the end of June 2023. The IBA intends to share the results of the consultation with the FCA and publish a summary of the responses. U.S. bank regulators acknowledged the announcement and, subject to certain limited exceptions, advised banks to cease writing new U.S. Dollar LIBOR contracts by the end of 2021. We are in the process of analyzing and identifying our securities, financial instruments, and contracts that utilize LIBOR (collectively LIBOR Instruments to determine if we have any material exposure to the transition from LIBOR. To the extent we hold LIBOR Instruments, the terms of these instruments may have fallback provisions that provide for an alternative reference rate when LIBOR ceases to exist. For securities without adequate fallback provisions already in place, federal legislation has been enacted to provide a safe harbor for transition to the recommended alternative reference rate. Notwithstanding the availability of statutory guidance on fallback procedures, in preparation for the phase out of LIBOR, we may need to renegotiate our LIBOR Instruments that utilize LIBOR. However, these efforts may not be successful in mitigating the legal and financial risk from changing the reference rate in our LIBOR Instruments. Furthermore, the discontinuation of LIBOR may adversely impact our ability to manage and hedge exposures to fluctuations in interest rates using derivative instruments. As a result, the transition of our LIBOR Instruments to alternative reference rates, including the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ), may result in adverse changes to the net investment income, fair market value and return on those investments. We in-tend to continue evaluating and monitoring the risks associated with the LIBOR transition which include identifying and monitoring our exposure to LIBOR and ensuring operational processes are updated to accommodate alternative rates. Due to uncertainty surrounding the effect of adopting or transitioning to alternative rates such as SOFR, we are unable to predict the overall impact of this change at this time. Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates Our accounting and reporting policies are in accordance with GAAP. Preparation of our Consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. The following is a summary of our significant accounting policies and estimates. These accounting policies inherently require significant judgment and assumptions, and actual operating results could differ significantly from management s estimates determined using these policies. We believe the following accounting policies, judgments, and estimates are the most critical to the understanding of our results of operations and financial position. Our accounting policies, judgments, and estimates have not changed significantly over our disclosed accounting periods. For further discussion of our accounting policies and estimates see Note 1 Nature of Operations and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to our Consolidated financial statements. 
 39 

Table of Contents 
 Valuation of Investments All fixed maturities owned by the Company are considered available-for-sale and are included in the Consolidated financial statements at their fair value as of the financial statement date. Premiums and discounts on fixed maturity debt instruments are amortized using the scientific-yield method over the term of the bonds. Realized gains and losses on securities sold during the year are determined using the specific identification method. Unrealized holding gains and losses, net of applicable income taxes, are included in accumulated other comprehensive income. Declines in the fair value of available-for-sale securities below their amortized cost are evaluated to assess whether any other-than-temporary impairment loss should be recorded. In determining if these losses are expected to be other-than-temporary, the Company considers severity of impairment, duration of impairment, forecasted recovery period, issuer credit ratings, and the intent and ability of the Company to hold the investment until the recovery of the cost. The recognition of other-than-temporary impairment losses on debt securities is dependent on the facts and circumstances related to the specific security. If the Company intends to sell a security or it is more likely than not that the Company would be required to sell a security prior to recovery of the amortized cost, the difference between amortized cost and fair value is recognized in the statement of comprehensive income as an impairment. If the Company does not expect to recover the amortized basis, does not plan to sell the security, and if it is not more likely than not that the Company would be required to sell a security before the recovery of its amortized cost, the recognition of the impairment is bifurcated. The Company recognizes the credit loss portion as realized losses and the noncredit loss portion in accumulated other comprehensive loss. The credit component of other-than-temporary impairment is determined by comparing the net present value of projected cash flows with the amortized cost basis of the debt security. The net present value is calculated by discounting the Company s best estimate of projected future cash flows at the effective interest rate implicit in the fixed income security at the date of acquisition. Cash flow estimates are driven by assumptions regarding probability of default, including changes in credit ratings, and estimates regarding timing and amount of recoveries associated with a default. As of December 31, 2020, the Company analyzed its securities portfolio and determined that an impairment of approximately 35,000 should be recorded for one debt security, an impairment of 500,000 was recognized on a preferred stock, and a valuation allowance of 777,000 established on one lease. The valuation allowance on the lease of 777,000 was released as of March 31, 2021 due to the sale of the investment. As of December 31, 2022, the Company held one asset valued at 7.7 million with a total impairment of 1.4 million. No such impairments were recognized as of December 31, 2021. Investment income consists of interest, dividends, gains and losses, and real estate income, which are recognized on an accrual basis along with the amortization of premiums and discounts. Certain available-for-sale investments are maintained as collateral under funds withheld FW and modified coinsurance Modco agreements but the assets and total returns or losses on the asset portfolios belong to the third-party reinsurers. American Life has treaties with several third-party reinsurers that have FW and Modco provisions. In a Modco agreement, the ceding entity retains the assets equal to the modified coinsurance reserves retained. In a FW agreement, assets that would normally be paid over to a reinsurer are withheld by the ceding company to permit statutory credit for unauthorized reinsurers to reduce the potential credit risk. The unrealized gains/losses on those investments are passed through to the third-party reinsurers, through the fair value of our total return swap, as either a realized gain or loss on the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss. Intangibles We assess the recoverability of indefinite-lived intangible assets at least annually or whenever events or circumstances suggest that the carrying value of an identifiable indefinite-lived intangible asset may exceed the sum of the future discounted cash flows expected to result from its use and eventual disposition. If the asset is considered to be impaired, the amount of any impairment is measured as the difference between the carrying value and the fair value of the impaired asset. Our indefinite-lived intangible assets consist of American Life s state licenses. We compared the carrying value to the current costs of obtaining licenses in those states. As of December 31, 2022, the sum of the fair value of those licenses exceeded the carrying value of the indefinite-lived intangible assets. These amounts are carried on our balance sheet in Other Assets. 
 40 

Table of Contents 
 Reinsurance We expect to reinsure most of the risks associated with our issued annuities. Our reinsurers may be domestic, foreign or capital markets investors seeking to assume U.S. insurance business. In most reinsurance transactions, American Life will remain exposed to the credit risk of reinsurers, or the risk that one or more reinsurers may become insolvent or otherwise unable or unwilling to pay for policyholder claims. We seek to mitigate the credit risk relating to reinsurers by generally either requiring that the reinsurer post substantial collateral or make other financial commitments as a security for the reinsured risks. Under these reinsurance agreements, there typically is a monthly or quarterly settlement of premiums, claims, surrenders, collateral, and other administration fees. In a typical reinsurance transaction, we receive a ceding commission and reimbursement of certain expenses at the time liabilities are reinsured, plus ongoing fees for the administration of the business ceded. Our reinsurers are typically not accredited or qualified as reinsurers under Nebraska law. In order to receive credit for reinsurance for transactions with these reinsurers and to reduce potential credit risk, we usually hold collateral from the reinsurer on a FW basis or require the reinsurer to maintain a trust that holds assets backing up its obligation to pay claims on the business it assumes. In some cases, the reinsurer may appoint an investment manager to manage these assets pursuant to guidelines approved by us that are consistent with state investment statutes and regulations relating to reinsurance. When our investment advisor subsidiary, 1505 Capital, is appointed to manage these assets, we receive additional ongoing asset management fees. Future Policy Benefits We establish liabilities for amounts payable under our policies, including annuities. Generally, amounts are payable over an extended period of time. Under GAAP, our annuities are treated as deposit liabilities, where we use account value in lieu of future policy reserves. Our FIA reserves are calculated by an independent consulting actuary and our MYGA reserves equal the account value from our policy administration system. We currently do not offer traditional life insurance products. Income Taxes Deferred tax assets are recorded based on the differences between the financial statement and tax basis of assets and liabilities at the applicable tax rates. The principal assets and liabilities giving rise to these differences are investments, insurance reserves, and deferred acquisition costs. A deferred tax asset valuation allowance is established when there is uncertainty that such tax assets would be realized. We have no uncertain tax positions that we believe are more-likely-than not that the benefit will not be realized. Recognition of Revenues Amounts received as payment for annuities are recognized as deposits to policyholder account balances and included deposit-type contract liabilities. Annuity premiums are shown as a financing activity in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. Revenues from these contracts are comprised of fees earned for administrative and policyholder services, which are recognized over the period of the annuity contracts and included in other revenue. Through our reinsurance contracts, revenues are earned through ceding commissions, which are capitalized, and our independent consulting actuary determines the amounts to be recognized as income over the period of the annuity contracts. Deferred coinsurance ceding commissions are shown as an operating activity in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. Revenues from asset management services are recognized as earned. Derivative Instruments Derivatives are used to hedge the risks experienced in our ongoing operations, such as equity, interest rate, and cash flow risks, or for other risk management purposes, which primarily involve managing liability risks associated with our FIA product and reinsurance agreements. Derivatives are financial instruments whose values are derived from interest rates, foreign exchange rates, financial indices, or other underlying notional amounts. Derivative assets and liabilities are carried at fair value on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. To qualify for hedge accounting, at the inception of the hedging relationship, we formally document our designation of the hedge as a cash flow or fair value hedge and our risk management objective and strategy for undertaking the hedging transaction identifying how the hedging instrument is expected to hedge the designated risks related to the hedged item, the method to retrospectively, and prospectively assess the hedging instrument s effectiveness and the method to be used to measure ineffectiveness. A derivative 
 41 

Table of Contents 
 designated as a hedging instrument must be assessed as being highly effective in offsetting the designated risk of the hedged item. Hedge effectiveness is also assessed periodically throughout the life of the designated hedging relationship. In late 2019, we began investing in options to hedge our interest rate risks on our FIA product. Options typically do not qualify for hedge accounting; therefore, we chose not to use hedge accounting for the related options that we currently have. We value our derivatives at fair market value with the offset being recorded on our Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss as a realized gain or (loss). Additionally, reinsurance agreements written on a FW basis contain embedded derivatives on our FIA product. Gains or (losses) associated with the performance of assets maintained in the relevant deposit and funds withheld accounts are reflected as realized gains or (losses) in our Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss. Derivatives The Company has entered into certain derivative instruments to hedge FIA products that guarantee the return of principal to our policyholders and credit interest based on a percentage of the gain in a specified market index. To hedge against adverse changes in equity indices, the Company entered into contracts to buy equity indexed options. The change in fair value of the derivatives for hedging the FIA index credits and the related embedded derivative liability fluctuate from period to period based on the change in the market interest rates. The indexed reserves are measured at fair value for the current period and future periods. We hedge with options that align with the terms of our FIA products which are between seven and ten years. We have analyzed our hedging strategy on our FIA products and, while the correlation of the hedges to the FIA products is not matched dollar for dollar, we believe the hedges are effective as of December 31, 2022. American Life also has agreements with several third-party reinsurers that have FW and Modco provisions under which the assets related to the reinsured business are maintained by American Life as collateral; however, ownership of the assets and the total return on the asset portfolios belong to the third-party reinsurers. Under GAAP, this arrangement is considered an embedded derivative as discussed in Note 4 Derivative Instruments to our Consolidated financial statements. Assets carried as investments on American Life s financial statements for the third-party reinsurers contained cumulative unrealized losses as of December 31, 2022 and cumulative unrealized gains as of December 31, 2021, of approximately 10.5 million and 0.2 million, respectively. The terms of the contracts with the third-party reinsurers provide that the changes in unrealized gains and losses on the portfolios accrue to the third-party reinsurers. We account for these unrealized gains by recording equivalent realized gains or losses on our Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss. Accordingly, the unrealized gains on the assets held by American Life on behalf of the third-party reinsurers were offset by recording an embedded derivative gain of 10.6 million and loss of 2.8 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. If prices of investments fluctuate, the unrealized gains or losses of the third-party reinsurers may also fluctuate; therefore, the associated embedded derivative gain (loss) recognized by us would be increased or decreased accordingly. Net Income (Loss) In this section, unless otherwise noted the discussion below compares the year ended December 31, 2022 to the year ended December 31, 2021. We incurred a comprehensive loss of 46.9 million including unrealized loss of 54.0 million, mainly from the fixed maturity portfolio, resulting in net income to Midwest of 7.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. This compares to a comprehensive loss of 20.4 million including unrealized loss of 3.8 million, resulting in net loss of 16.6 million to Midwest last year. Overall, revenues were flat year over year being impacted by realized losses of 14.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 versus a gain of 7.8 million in the prior year. Investment income increased due to the growth in the retained portfolio and from higher interest rates. Policy administration fees were up due to the increase in deposit liabilities through annuity premiums written in 2022 of 715.8 million versus 471.6 million in the prior year. Amortization of deferred ceded premium grew as we added new reinsurers and the portfolio continues to age. Service fee revenue was consistent with prior years as AUM was 502 million versus 405 million in the prior year. 
 42 

Table of Contents 
 Overall, expenses were down, driven by negative interest credited and benefitting from the option allowance (see point 3 below). Controllable expenses increased 42 from 41.3 million to 58.8 million compared to 62 growth in deposit liabilities through annuity premiums written for the year. Salaries and benefits increased (after the exclusion of a one-time accelerated vesting of stock options) with additional personnel, repositioning and retaining of personnel to support growth and given tight labor market. Increase in Other expenses was driven by consulting, legal and accounting fees to support distribution, state expansion, and capital initiatives, along with technology initiatives. The effective tax rate was 90.6 compared to 40.1 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Our primary insurance entities, American Life, SRC1, and SRC3, are taxed on a statutory basis. GAAP defers the recognition of income related to premiums received until they are earned across the life of the contract. Statutory principles though recognize premiums as income in the period they are received, creating the difference between the two statements of income. See Note 9 to our financial statements for further information related to the income tax expense. Our FIA products have three components influencing our Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss: 1) The embedded derivative in our FIAs . We carry this derivative at fair value, with the change in fair value recorded in the interest credited line of our Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss. Across our FIA products, interest credited was negative 17.2 million in 2022 compared with positive 4.2 million in 2021. Reflecting our risk management, the change in the value of the embedded derivative corresponds to the change in the value of option contracts we use to hedge this exposure. 2) The derivatives we purchase to hedge stock market risk we would otherwise face from our FIA . We carry these derivatives at fair value on our balance sheet, recording the change in fair value in our Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss as either a realized gain or realized loss. In 2022, the market value of the derivative assets was 15.9 million compared to 2.7 million in 2021 in our net unrealized gain on investments. 3) The option budget reinsurers pay us to purchase derivative assets. We mark these assets to market each period. Separately, we record a payable to the reinsurers that is owed to a reinsurer when a policy is surrendered, an annuitant dies, or a policy lapses. We compare what the reinsurer paid for the original option budget to the market value at the end of the period. The change in the market value is added to or subtracted from the payable to the reinsurer to cover the reinsurer s obligations to the policyholder. This change in market value resulted in a negative 11.2 million expense and was included in our other operating expense in 2022 compared to a 2.4 million expense in the prior year. 
 American Life has treaties with several third-party reinsurers that have funds withheld and modified coinsurance provisions. As a result of changes in interest rates, assets held on behalf of the third-party reinsurers had unrealized losses of approximately 10.5 million and gains of 0.2 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The terms of the contracts with the third-party reinsurers provide that unrealized gains or losses on the asset portfolio accrue to the reinsurers. We account for the change in these unrealized gains or losses by recording equivalent realized gains or losses on our Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss. We recorded the decrease in the unrealized gains as a realized gain of 10.6 million in 2022 compared to a realized loss of 2.8 million in 2021. 
 43 

Table of Contents 
 Consolidated Results of Operations - Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 Revenues The following summarizes the sources of our revenue: 

Year ended December 31, (In thousands) 2022 2021 Premiums Investment income, net of expenses 35,115 15,737 Net realized (losses) gains on investments (14,878) 7,752 Amortization of deferred gain on reinsurance 4,816 3,022 Policy administration fees 2,130 842 Service fee revenue, net of expenses 2,366 2,343 Other revenue 500 367 30,049 30,063 Premium revenue: Sales of our MYGA and FIA products generated a large volume of new business in 2022 and 2021; however, these products are defined as investment contracts under GAAP. Accordingly the funds we received from our customers under these contracts were recorded on our balance sheet as a deposit-type liability and not as premium revenue. Investment income, net of expenses: The components of net investment income for 2022 and 2021 were as follows: 

Year ended December 31, (In thousands) 2022 2021 Fixed maturities 38,299 16,443 Mortgage loans 2,456 185 Other invested assets 1,854 665 Other interest (expense) income (1,517) 298 Gross investment income 41,092 17,591 Less: investment expenses (5,977) (1,854) Investment income, net of expenses 35,115 15,737 Investment income, net of expenses consisted of investment income generated from our retained investment assets that are not ceded to reinsurers. The increase was due to the investment income earned on our bonds and mortgage loans purchased with the sales of our MYGA and FIA products that were not ceded to reinsurers during the period, as well as deployment of excess cash towards credit investments with attractive yields and risk-return profiles. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, on a gross consolidated basis, our investment portfolio (excluding cash) was 1,615.0 million and 975.5 million, respectively, as a result of proceeds from our MYGA and FIA product sales, reflecting both retained premium proceeds as well as assets held on behalf of our reinsurers. Net realized losses on investments: Net realized losses on investments were 14.9 million in 2022 compared with gains of 7.8 million in 2021. The figures include a gain of 10.6 million and a loss of 2.8 million from a total return swap embedded derivative in 2022 and 2021, respectively. In 2022, there were net realized losses of 14.5 million related to derivatives we own to hedge the obligations to FIA policyholders; such losses were partially offset by an increase in the mark-to-market change in embedded derivative liability within interest credited expense and an increase in FIA-related mark-to-market option allowance expense flowing through other operating expenses. The change in fair value of FIA hedging derivatives is driven by the performance of the indices upon which our call options are based. American Life has treaties with several reinsurers that have funds withheld coinsurance provisions, under which the assets backing the treaties are maintained by American Life as collateral but the assets and total return on the asset portfolios belong to the reinsurers. Under GAAP this arrangement is considered an embedded derivative as discussed in Note 4 Derivative Instruments to our Consolidated financial statements. The change in fair value of the total return swap is included in net realized gains or losses on investments. Assets carried as investments on American Life s financial statements for the third-party reinsurers contained unrealized losses of approximately 10.5 million and gains of approximately 0.2 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, 
 44 

Table of Contents 
 respectively. The terms of the contracts with the third-party reinsurers provide that unrealized gains or losses on the portfolios accrue to the third-party reinsurers. We recorded the unrealized gains and losses accruing to third-party reinsurers via a total return swap resulting in a realized gain of 10.6 million and a realized loss of 2.8 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively. Amortization of deferred gain on reinsurance: The increase in 2022 to 4.8 million from 3.0 million in 2021 was due to higher deferred gain on reinsurance, driven in part by higher reinsured premiums during 2022. Policy administration fees: Policy administration fees includes fees received for the servicing and initiation of policies ceded to our reinsurers. Also included are fees surrendered by policy holders for early termination of their contracts. The increase of revenue to 2.1 million in 2022 from 0.8 million in 2021 was driven primarily by the increase in policies written and ceded, as well as additional policy holder early termination. Service fee revenue, net of expenses: Service fee revenue, net of expenses, consists of fee revenue generated by 1505 Capital, for asset management services provided to third-party clients, some of whom are our reinsurers. The increase in this revenue, to 2.4 million in 2022 from 2.3 million in 2021, was due primarily to the level of asset management services provided by 1505 Capital to third-party clients. Other revenue: Other revenue consists of revenue generated by us for providing administrative services for clients. Expenses Our expenses for the periods indicated are summarized in the table below: 

Year ended December 31, (In thousands) 2022 2021 Interest credited (10,193) 7,012 Benefits 3,206 6 Amortization of deferred acquisition costs 4,788 2,886 Salaries and benefits 16,196 16,926 Other operating expenses 7,661 15,104 21,658 41,934 Interest credited : The decrease was primarily due to the interest credited across all our products in 2022. Interest credited for our retained MYGA products was positive 7.2 million while interest credited related to our retained FIA policies was negative 17.2 million in 2022. MYGA and FIA interest credited were positive 2.8 million and 4.2 million for 2021, respectively. The FIA interest credited is related to the fair market value of the embedded derivative which is owed to policyholders. This was partially offset by the realized gain on our total return swap that is included in the net realized gain on investment above. Benefits: This refers to death benefits on our policies, which saw an increase to 3.2 million in 2022 compared with 2021 s death benefits. Amortization of deferred acquisition costs : The increase was due to the acquisition costs relating to the sale of American Life s MYGA and FIA products where we retained approximately 57 of the business in 2022 compared to the 50 retained in 2021. These figures include the Seneca Re protected cells, SRC1 and SRC3, and DAC amortization. Salaries and benefits The slight decrease to 16.2 million compared with 16.9 million was due to changes in upper management, offset by continued costs incurred to attract and add personnel to service our business growth combined with significantly lower costs related to non-cash stock consideration. We are hiring more in-house expertise to service our growth initiatives and reduce the reliance on third-party providers. Other operating expenses : Other operating expenses were approximately 7.4 million lower due primarily to: Our FIA product has embedded derivatives included in the account value. Those derivatives are market driven. The reinsurers that reinsure the FIA products pay an option allowance to American Life to purchase derivatives. As of December 31, 2022, 
 45 

Table of Contents 
 the mark-to-market adjustment on those allowances was in a positive position so American Life incurred a negative 11.2 million expense payable to the reinsurers for that mark-up. As the market fluctuates going forward, the mark up of the option allowance could go up or down. Increases of other expenses related to legal and consulting fees of 2.1 million related primarily to efforts to secure new additional capital sources and the expansion of our business into new jurisdictions. 
 Taxes Income tax expense increased by 2.8 million to 7.6 million in 2022 from 4.8 million in 2021. This change was primarily driven by the change in the reinsurance modified coinsurance tax reserves. Investments Most investments on our Consolidated balance sheets are held on behalf of our reinsurers as collateral under our reinsurance agreements. As a result, our investment allocations are largely a function of our collective reinsurer investment allocations. While the reinsurers own the investment risk on these assets, we typically restrict their investment allocations via control over the selection of the asset manager as well as asset restrictions set forth in investment guidelines and control over the investment manager. In many of our reinsurance agreements, 1505 Capital acts as the asset manager for a fee. Our investment guidelines typically include U.S. government bonds, corporate bonds, commercial mortgages, asset backed securities, municipal bonds, and collateral loans. The duration of our investments is 5 to 10 years in line with that of our liabilities. We do allow non-U.S. dollar denominated investments where the foreign exchange risk is hedged back to U.S. dollars. 
 46 

Table of Contents 
 The following table shows the carrying value of our investments by investment category and cash and cash equivalents, and the percentage of each to total invested assets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Increases in fixed maturity securities primarily resulted from the sale of our MYGA and FIA products during 2022. 

December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Carrying Percent Carrying Percent (In thousands) Value of Total Value of Total Fixed maturity securities: Bonds: U.S. government obligations 1,262 0.1 1,882 0.2 Mortgage-backed securities 294,066 16.3 55,280 4.9 Asset-backed securities 30,756 1.7 24,951 2.2 Collateralized loan obligations 287,673 15.9 274,523 24.6 States and political subdivisions-general obligations 101 114 States and political subdivisions-special revenue 205 5,612 0.5 Corporate 41,600 2.3 37,139 3.3 Term loans 558,972 30.9 267,468 23.9 Trust preferred 2,237 0.2 Redeemable preferred stock 14,090 1.3 Total fixed maturity securities 1,214,635 67.2 683,296 61.1 Mortgage loans on real estate, held for investment 227,047 12.6 183,203 16.4 Derivatives 15,934 0.9 23,022 2.1 Equity securities 5,111 0.3 21,869 2.0 Other invested assets 112,431 6.2 35,293 3.2 Investment escrow 784 3,611 0.3 Federal Home Loan Bank stock 1,306 0.2 500 Preferred stock 31,415 1.7 18,686 1.7 Notes receivable 6,269 0.3 5,960 0.5 Policy Loans 25 87 Cash and cash equivalents 191,414 10.6 142,013 12.7 Total investments, including cash and cash equivalents 1,806,371 100.0 1,117,540 100.0 The following table shows the distribution of the credit ratings of our portfolio of fixed maturity securities by carrying value as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Carrying Carrying (In thousands) Value Percent Value Percent AAA and U.S. Government 124,183 10.2 2,674 0.4 AA 815 0.1 482 0.1 A 371,371 30.6 168,141 24.6 BBB 619,516 51.0 462,699 67.7 Total investment grade 1,115,885 91.9 633,996 92.8 BB and below 98,750 8.1 49,300 7.2 Total 1,214,635 100.0 683,296 100.0 Reflecting the quality of securities maintained by us, 91.9 and 92.8 of all fixed maturity securities were investment grade as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We expect that our MYGA and FIA products sales will result in an increase in investable assets in future periods. 
 47 

Table of Contents 
 Market Risks of Financial Instruments The primary market risks affecting the investment portfolio are interest rate risk, credit risk, and liquidity risk. With respect to investments that we hold on our balance sheet as collateral, our reinsurers bear the market risks related to these investments, while we bear the market risks on any net retained investments. Interest Rate Risk Interest rate risk arises from the price sensitivity of investments to changes in interest rates. Interest and dividend income represent the greatest portion of an investment s return for most fixed maturity securities in stable interest rate environments. The changes in the fair value of such investments are inversely related to changes in market interest rates. As interest rates fall, the interest and dividend streams of existing fixed-rate investments become more valuable and fair values rise. As interest rates rise, the opposite effect occurs. Our liabilities also have interest rate risk though GAAP does not require our liabilities to be marked to market. We mitigate interest rate risk by monitoring and matching the duration of assets compared to the duration of liabilities. Credit Risk We are exposed to credit risk through counterparties and within the investment portfolio. Credit risk relates to the uncertainty associated with an obligor s ability to make timely payments of principal and interest in accordance with the contractual terms of an instrument or contract. We manage our credit risk through diversification of investments amongst many corporations and numerous industries. Additionally, our investment policy limits the size of holding in any particular issuer. Liquidity Risk We are exposed to liquidity risk when liabilities come due. In order to pay a policyholder, we may need to liquidate assets. If our assets are illiquid assets, we might be unable to convert an asset into cash without giving up capital and income due to a lack of buyers or an inefficient market. We seek to mitigate this risk by keeping a portion of our investment portfolio in liquid investments. Statutory Accounting and Regulations Our primary insurance subsidiary, American Life, is required to prepare statutory financial statements in accordance with SAP prescribed by the NDOI. SAP primarily differs from GAAP by charging policy acquisition costs to expense as incurred, establishing future benefit liabilities using actuarial assumptions as well as valuing investments and certain assets and accounting for deferred taxes on a different basis. For further discussion regarding SAP as well as net income (loss) of American Life under SAP, see Note 13 to our consolidated financial statements. As of December 31, 2022, American Life maintained sufficient capital and surplus to comply with regulatory requirements. State insurance laws and regulations govern the operations of all insurers and reinsurers such as our insurance and reinsurance company subsidiaries. These various laws and regulations require that insurance companies maintain minimum amounts of statutory surplus as regards policyholders and risk-based capital and determine the dividends that insurers can pay without prior approval from regulators. The statutory net income of American Life is one of the primary sources of additions to our statutory surplus as regards policyholders, in addition to capital contributions from us. We have reported our insurance subsidiaries assets, liabilities and results of operations in accordance with GAAP, which varies from SAP. The following items are principal differences between SAP and GAAP. SAP: requires that we exclude certain assets, called non-admitted assets, from the balance sheet. requires us to expense policy acquisition costs when incurred, while GAAP allows us to defer and amortize policy acquisition costs over the estimated life of the policies. dictates how much of a deferred income tax asset that we can admit on a statutory balance sheet. 
 48 

Table of Contents 
 requires that we record certain investments at cost or amortized cost, while we record other investments at fair value; however, GAAP requires that we record all investments at fair value. allows bonds to be carried at amortized cost or fair value based on the rating received from the Securities Valuation Office of the NAIC, while they are recorded at fair value for GAAP. allows ceding commission income to be recognized when written if the cost of acquiring and renewing the associated business exceeds the ceding commissions, but under GAAP such income is deferred and recognized over the coverage period. requires that we record reserves in liabilities and expense for policies written, while we record all transactions related to the annuity products under GAAP as deposit-type contract liabilities . requires a provision for reinsurance liability be established for reinsurance recoverable on paid losses aged over 90 days and for unsecured amounts recoverable from unauthorized reinsurers. Under GAAP there is no charge for uncollateralized amounts ceded to a company not licensed in the insurance affiliate s domiciliary state and a reserve for uncollectable reinsurance is charged through earnings rather than surplus or equity. requires an additional admissibility test outlined in Statements on Statutory Accounting Principles, No. 101 and the change in deferred income tax is reported directly in capital and surplus, rather than being reported as a component of income tax expense under GAAP. Our insurance subsidiaries must file with the insurance regulatory authorities an Annual Statement which reports, among other items, net income (loss) and surplus as regards policyholders, which is called stockholders equity under GAAP. 
 
 49 

Table of Contents 
 The table below sets forth our SAP net income (loss) for 2022 and 2021 for each of our insurance subsidiaries and then reconciled to GAAP. 

Year ended December 31, (In thousands) 2022 2021 Consolidated GAAP net income (loss) 7,140 (16,637) Exclude: Midwest non-insurance transaction entities (American Life Seneca Re) 6,680 (6,961) GAAP net gain (loss) of statutory insurance entities 460 (9,676) GAAP net income (loss) by statutory insurance entity: American Life 12,459 (8,742) Seneca Re Incorporated Cell 01 (10,426) (321) Seneca Re Incorporated Cell 03 (1,573) (613) GAAP net gain (loss) 460 (9,676) Reconciliation of GAAP and SAP GAAP net income (loss) of American Life 12,459 (8,742) Increase (decrease) due to: Deferred acquisition costs (36,003) (34,451) Coinsurance transactions 435,413 171,687 Carrying value of reserves (405,565) (133,028) Foreign exchange and derivatives 35,025 Gain (loss) on sale of investments, net of asset valuation reserve (33,935) (1,861) Other (5,064) 40 SAP net income (loss) of American Life 2,330 (6,355) GAAP net loss of Seneca Re Incorporated Cell 01 (10,426) (321) Increase (decrease) due to: Deferred acquisition costs 2,730 (3,343) Coinsurance transactions 222 37,763 Carrying value of reserves (9,996) (36,995) Gain on sale of investments, net of asset valuation reserve 19,815 1,847 Other gain (loss) (1,146) 45 SAP net income (loss) of Seneca Re Incorporated Cell 1,199 (1,004) GAAP net loss of Seneca Re Incorporated Cell 03 (1,573) (613) Increase (decrease) due to: Deferred acquisition costs (3,649) (10,325) Coinsurance transactions 35,773 88,704 Carrying value of reserves (37,717) (84,865) Gain on sale of investments, net of asset valuation reserve 8,633 282 Other (111) (34) SAP net income (loss) of Seneca Re Incorporated Cell 03 1,356 (6,851) SAP net gain (loss) of statutory insurance entities 4,885 (14,210) Key Operating and Non-GAAP Measures We discuss below non-GAAP financial measures that management uses in conjunction with GAAP financial measures as an integral part of managing our business and to, among other things: monitor and evaluate the performance of our business operations and financial performance; facilitate internal comparisons of the historical operating performance of our business operations; review and assess the operating performance of our management team; analyze and evaluate financial and strategic planning decisions regarding future operations; and plan for and prepare future annual operating budgets and determine appropriate levels of operating investments. 
 50 

Table of Contents 
 Management believes the use of these non-GAAP measures, together with the relevant GAAP measures provides information that may enhance understanding of our results by investors. Non-GAAP financial measures used by us may be calculated differently from, and therefore may not be comparable to, similarly titled measures used by other companies. These non-GAAP financial measures should be considered along with, but not as alternatives to, our operating performance measures as prescribed by GAAP. Operating Metric Annuity Premiums We monitor annuity premiums as a key operating metric in evaluating the performance of our business. Annuity premiums, also referred to as sales or direct written premiums, do not correspond to revenues under GAAP, but are relevant metrics to understand our business performance. Under SAP, our annuity premiums received are treated as premium revenue. Our premium metrics include all sums paid into an individual annuity in a given period. We typically transfer all or a substantial portion of the premium and policy obligations to reinsurers. Ceded premium represents the premium we transfer to reinsurers in a given period. Retained premium represents the portion of premium received during a given period that was not ceded to reinsurers and will either be reinsured in a subsequent period or retained by us. We typically retain premiums prior to transferring them to reinsurers to facilitate block and other reinsurance transactions involving portfolios of annuity premiums. The following table sets forth premiums received under SAP. Under GAAP these products are defined as deposit-type contracts; therefore, the premium revenue is accounted under GAAP as deposit-type liabilities on our Consolidated balance sheets and is not recognized in our Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss. 

Year ended December 31, (In thousands) 2022 2021 Annuity Premiums (SAP) Annuity direct written premiums 715,833 471,646 Ceded premiums (311,257) (237,411) Net premiums retained 404,576 234,235 The increase in annuity direct written premiums reflect strong sales throughout 2022, even in a challenging sales environment, in which competitors were pricing rates on annuity products aggressively. We sell annuities through the IMO channel. We aim to grow annuity direct written premiums by further developing our relationships with existing IMOs and increasing the number of IMO partners that distribute our annuity products, as well as increasing the number of states in which we are licensed to sell our annuity products. We also aim to distribute to new channels, including the registered investment advisor (RIA) channel as well as the bank and broker-dealer channels. The increase in ceded premiums was attributable primarily to the increase in annuity direct written premiums. Operating Metric Fees Received for Reinsurance 

Year ended December 31, (In thousands) 2022 2021 Fees received for reinsurance (1) Fees received for reinsurance - total 14,290 13,412 (1) Consists of: 1) amortization of deferred gain on reinsurance, which is a line item from our GAAP Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss; and 2) deferred coinsurance ceding commission, which is a line item from our GAAP Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. For the year ended December 31, 2022, fees received for reinsurance increased by 0.9 million compared to the prior year period due to higher ceded premiums. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the components of fees received for reinsurance included 4.8 million of amortization of deferred gain on reinsurance from our Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss and 9.5 million of deferred coinsurance ceding commission from our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 
 51 

Table of Contents 
 Reconciliation Management Expenses to GAAP Expenses 

Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 Management Expenses G A 35,015 24,632 Management interest credited 15,811 8,757 Amortization of deferred acquisition costs 4,788 2,886 Expenses related to retained business 20,599 11,643 Management expenses - total 55,614 36,275 Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 G A Salaries and benefits - GAAP 16,196 16,926 Other operating expenses - GAAP 7,661 15,104 Subtotal 23,857 32,030 Adjustments: Less: Stock-based compensation (29) (4,981) Less: Mark-to-market option allowance 11,187 (2,417) G A 35,015 24,632 Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 Management Interest Credited Interest credited - GAAP (10,193) 7,012 Adjustments: Less: FIA interest credited - GAAP 17,171 (4,169) Add: FIA options cost - amortized - GAAP 8,833 5,914 Management interest credited 15,811 8,757 Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 Reconciliation - Management Expenses to GAAP Expenses Total expenses - GAAP 21,658 41,934 Adjustments: Less: Benefits (3,206) (6) Less: Stock-based compensation (29) (4,981) Less: Mark-to-market option allowance 11,187 (2,417) Less: FIA interest credited - GAAP 17,171 (4,169) Add: FIA options cost - amortized - GAAP 8,833 5,914 Management expenses - total 55,614 36,275 Operating Metric Management and G A Expenses In addition to total expenses, we utilize management expenses as an economic measure to evaluate our financial performance. Management expenses consist of total GAAP expenses adjusted to eliminate items that fluctuate from quarter to quarter in a manner unrelated to core operations, which we believe are useful in analyzing operating trends. The most significant adjustments to arrive at management expenses include the use of management interest credited (as discussed below), the exclusion of stock-based compensation and the exclusion of the mark-to-market option allowance expense (included in other operating expenses) payable to reinsurers to cover their obligations under FIA policies we have reinsured with them. We believe the combined presentation and evaluation of total expenses together with management expenses provides information that can enhance an investor s understanding of our underlying operating results. For the year ended December 31, 2022, GAAP general and administrative expenses totaled 35.0 million compared to 24.6 million for the prior year. For the year ended December 31, 2022, as disclosed above, included in these expenses is mainly salaries, benefits 
 52 

Table of Contents 
 and other operating expenses, along with less than 0.1 million of non-cash stock-based compensation and 11.2 million of non-cash mark-to-market expense of our derivative option allowance, which we exclude in our management G A. Operating Metric Management Interest Credited We utilize management interest credited, a component of management expenses, as an economic measure to evaluate our financial performance. GAAP interest credited contains significant technical considerations related to fair value accounting with respect to the mark-to-market change in the FIA embedded derivative liability and change in actuarial valuation of the FIA reserve, both of which are sensitive to changes in the market as well as changes in actuarial assumptions. Due to these technical considerations that we believe are less meaningful to management and investors, we exclude the GAAP interest credited expense related to our FIA products and include the amortized cost of options we purchase to service our FIA policy obligations. The sum of GAAP interest credited related to our multi-year guaranteed annuity MYGA products and the amortized cost of options we purchase to service our FIA products constitutes management interest credited. For the year ended December 31, 2022, GAAP interest credited totaled negative 10.2 million compared to positive 7.0 million for the prior year. For the year ended December 31, 2022, as disclosed above, included in these expenses is GAAP interest credited related to our retained FIA policies of approximately negative 17.2 million. Liquidity and Capital Resources Investments Information regarding our investment portfolio, which is comprised primarily of investment grade, fixed maturity securities, is presented in Part IV - Item 15, Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules and in Part II - Item 8, Note 3 of the Consolidated Financial Statements in this report. Comparative Cash Flows At December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had cash and cash equivalents totaling 191.4 and 142.0 million, respectively. Our short-term liquidity requirements, within a 12 month operating cycle, are for the timely payment of claims and benefits to policyholders, operating expenses, interest payments and federal income taxes. Cash flow generated from operations has been, and is expected to be, adequate to meet our operating cash needs in the next 12 months. Cash flow in excess of operational needs has been used to fund business growth. Long-term liquidity requirements, beyond one year, are principally for the payment of future insurance and annuity benefits. We believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents will be sufficient to fund our anticipated operating expenses and capital transaction expenditures for the foreseeable future. As our state expansion continues, we expect an increase in our sales of our MYGA and FIA products. However, our ability to continue to meet our future liquidity requirements will depend on, among other things, our ability to achieve anticipated levels of cash flows generated from operations and our ability to manage costs and working capital successfully, all of which are subject to general economic, financial, competitive and other factors beyond our control. In the event we require any additional capital, we may be required to raise additional funds, including through the sale of capital stock or debt in the public capital markets or in privately negotiated transactions, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to raise any such financing on terms acceptable to us or at all. If such funds are not available in the future, we may be required to delay or significantly modify our operations, each of which could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations or financial condition. For additional information, refer to Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors General Risks Adverse capital and credit market conditions may significantly affect our ability to meet liquidity needs and access the capital required to operate our business. Cash flow is an important component of our business model because we receive annuity premiums and invest them upon receipt for our reinsurers and us and for the benefit of our policyholders. 
 53 

Table of Contents 
 The following table summarizes our cash flows from operational, investing and financing activities for the periods indicated. See the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flow in our Consolidated financial statements for more detailed information. 

Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 (In thousands) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 73,162 (25,338) Net cash (used in) investing activities (708,708) (452,407) Net cash provided by financing activities 684,947 468,079 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 49,401 (9,666) Cash and cash equivalents: Beginning of period 142,013 151,679 End of period 191,414 142,013 Cash Provided by Operating Activities Net cash provided by operating activities was 73.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, which was comprised primarily of a decrease in receivable and payable for securities of 12.5 million, capitalized DAC of 23.9 million, net realized loss on investments of 14.9 million, accrued investment income of 11.5 million, and amounts recoverable from reinsurers of 29.0 million. These were offset by deposit-type liabilities of 3.4 million, and an increase in deferred coinsurance ceding commission to 9.5 million. Cash Used in Investing Activities Net cash used for investing activities for 2022 was 708.7 million. The primary source of cash used was from our purchase of investments from sales of the MYGA and FIA products of 1,258.3 million. Offsetting this use of cash was our sale of investments of 573.2 million. Cash Flow Provided by Financing Activities Net cash provided by financing activities in 2022 was 684.9 million. The primary source of cash was net receipts on the MYGA and FIA products of 715.8 million. As of December 31, 2022, we held 198.1 million of cash, U.S. government and agency fixed maturity securities and public equity securities (excluding non-redeemable preferred stocks and foreign equity securities) which, under normal market conditions, could be rapidly liquidated. Certain remote events and circumstances could constrain our liquidity. Those events and circumstances include, for example, a catastrophe resulting in extraordinary losses, a downgrade of our Senior Notes rating to noninvestment grade status or a downgrade in our insurance subsidiaries financial strength ratings. The rating agencies also consider the interdependence of our individually rated entities; therefore, a rating change in one entity could potentially affect the ratings of other related entities. Capital Resources We have determined the amount of capital which is needed to adequately fund and support business growth, primarily based on risk-based capital formulas including those developed by the NAIC. Historically, our insurance subsidiary has generated capital in excess of such needed levels. If necessary, we also have other potential sources of liquidity that could provide for additional funding to meet corporate obligations. Our regulated insurance subsidiary is subject to various regulatory restrictions which limit the amount of annual dividends or other distributions, including loans or cash advances, available to us without prior approval of the insurance regulatory authorities. The aggregate amount of dividends that may be paid in 2023 from our insurance subsidiary without prior regulatory approval is approximately 7.4 million. We anticipate that our sources of capital will continue to generate sufficient capital to meet the needs for business growth and debt interest payments. Additional information is contained in Part II - Item 8, Note 13 of the Consolidated Financial Statements in this report. 
 54 

Table of Contents 
 Total capital was 1,806.4 million at December 31, 2022, including 25.0 million of short-term and long-term debt. Total debt represented 1.38 of total capital including net unrealized investment gains on fixed maturity securities (1.39 of total capital excluding net unrealized investment gains on fixed maturity securities at December 31, 2022. Stockholders equity was 34.4 million at December 31, 2022, including net unrealized investment gains on fixed maturity securities of negative 51.4 million after taxes and the related impact of DAC associated with annuity contracts with account values. The market value of our common stock and the market value per share were 47.0 million and 12.62, respectively, at December 31, 2022. The Company did not pay dividends in the year ended December 31, 2022. The NAIC has established minimum capital requirements in the form of RBC that factors the type of business written by an insurance company, the quality of its assets and various other aspects of its business to develop a minimum level of capital known as authorized control level risk-based capital and compares this level to adjusted statutory capital that includes capital and surplus as reported under SAP, plus certain investment reserves. Should the ratio of adjusted statutory capital to control level RBC fall below 200 , a series of remedial actions by the affected company would be required. As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the RBC ratio of American Life was 558 and 764 , respectively. On November 22, 2022, the Company entered into a three-year senior secured revolving credit agreement Credit Agreement with Royal Bank of Canada and other lenders with a capacity of 30 million (the Revolving Credit Facility ). The maturity date of the Credit Agreement is November 22, 2025. The obligations under the Credit Agreement are secured by a first priority lien on a variety of our assets. The balance of the revolving credit was 25.0 million at December 31, 2022, with 5.0 million unutilized credit. Under the terms of the Credit Agreement, the Company has the option of selecting an applicable variable interest rate of (a) an adjusted term standard overnight financing rate SOFR ), plus an applicable margin or (b) a base rate, plus an applicable margin. Depending on our debt to capitalization ratio, the applicable margin can range from 2.50 to 3.25 for the base rate and from 3.50 to 4.25 for an adjusted term SOFR loan. At its November 2022 meeting, the Company s Board of Directors approved the FHLB Program Recommendations and Strategy Document that allowed for FHLB funding to be used for spread lending business, beginning in the fourth quarter of 2022. The strategy initially utilizes FHLB advances of up to 5 of American Life s balance sheet. As of December 31, 2022, we had 29.0 million of borrowings outstanding with the Federal Home Loan Bank FHLB ). Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that is material to investors. ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. As a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide disclosure pursuant to this Item. ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. The Company s audited Consolidated financial statements are included as a part of this report beginning on page F-1. ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. None. 
 55 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures We have established disclosure controls and procedures to ensure, among other things, material information relating to our Company, including our consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to our officers who certify our financial reports and to the other members of our senior management and the Board. As required by Rule 13a-15(b) under the Exchange Act, management (with the participation of our chief executive officer and prin-cipal financial officer) carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and pro-cedures, as defined in Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e) under the Exchange Act as of December 31, 2022. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive and financial officers concluded that, as of the end of the period covered in this report, our disclosure controls and procedures along with the related internal controls over financial reporting were effective to provide reasonable assurance that the information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management, (with the participation of our chief executive officer and principal financial officer), carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act as of December 31, 2022. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive and financial officers concluded that, as of the end of the period covered in this report, our disclosure controls and procedures along with the related internal controls over financial reporting were effective to provide reasonable assurance that the information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our -principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that: (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Our management, under the supervision and with the participation of our principal executive officer, performed an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. Based on management s assessment, we have concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the three months ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 56 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION. None. ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS Not applicable. 
 57 

Table of Contents 
 PART III. ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. The information provided by this Item 10 is incorporated herein by reference to our Notice of 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (our Proxy Statement ), to be filed within 120 days of December 31, 2022. ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION The information required by this Item 11 is incorporated herein by reference to our Proxy Statement, to be filed within 120 days of December 31, 2022. ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. The information required by this Item 12 is incorporated herein by reference to our Proxy Statement, to be filed within 120 days of December 31, 2022. ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. The information required by this Item 13 is incorporated herein by reference to our Proxy Statement, to be filed within 120 days of December 31, 2022. ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES The information required by this Item 14 is incorporated herein by reference to our Proxy Statement, to be filed within 120 days of December 31, 2022. 
 58 

Table of Contents 
 PART IV. ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. (a) 1. Consolidated Financial Statements: The list of financial statements filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K is provided on page F-1. 2. Financial Statement Schedules: The list of financial statement schedules filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K is provided on page FS-1. (b) Exhibits: 

Exhibit No. Description 3.1 Certificate of Incorporation dated August 17, 2020 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed August 21, 2020.) 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed November 18, 2020.) 3.3 American Life Security Corp. State of Nebraska Department of Insurance Amended Certificate of Authority, issued August 3, 2011. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the Company s Amendment No. 2 to Form 10 Registration Statement, filed March 20, 2012.) 3.4 Plan of Domestication (as filed with the Nebraska Secretary of State) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Form 8-K, filed on August 21, 2020.) 3.5 Articles of Charter Surrender (as filed with the Nebraska Secretary of State) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Company s Form 8-K, filed on August 21, 2020.) 3.6 Certificate of Conversion (as filed with the Delaware Secretary of State) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the Company s Form 8-K, filed on August 21, 2020.) 4.1 Specimen Stock Certificate evidencing the shares of voting common stock (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on November 3, 2020.) 10.1 Coinsurance Agreement American Life Security Corporation and US Alliance Life and Security Company dated September 30, 2017 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K, filed October 6, 2017.) 10.2 Master Reinsurance Agreement, dated December 20, 1999, by and between Old Reliance Insurance Company (now American Life Security) and American Founders Life Insurance Company. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Company s Amendment No. 1 to Form 10 Registration Statement, filed February 3, 2012.) 10.3 Amendment Number One to Master Reinsurance Agreement, dated December 20, 1999, by and between Old Reliance Insurance Company (now American Life Security) and American Founders Life Insurance Company. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Company s Amendment No. 1 to Form 10 Registration Statement, filed February 3, 2012.) 
 59 

Table of Contents 

10.4 Reinsurance Agreement Number One, dated December 31, 1999, by and between Old Reliance Insurance Company (now American Life Security) and American Founders Life Insurance Company. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to the Company s Amendment No. 1 to Form 10 Registration Statement, filed February 3, 2012.) 10.5 Amendment Number One to Reinsurance Agreement Number One, dated December 31, 1999, by and between Old Reliance Insurance Company (now American Life Security) and American Founders Life Insurance Company. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to the Company s Amendment No. 1 to Form 10 Registration Statement, filed February 3, 2012.) 10.6 Master Reinsurance Agreement, dated April 1, 2000, by and between Old Reliance Insurance Company (now American Life Security) and American Founders Life Insurance Company. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to the Company s Amendment No. 1 to Form 10 Registration Statement, filed February 3, 2012.) 10.7 Assumption and Indemnity Reinsurance Agreement American Life Security Corporation and Unified Life Insurance Company dated November 30, 2018 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K, filed December 6, 2018.) 10.8 Funds Withheld Coinsurance and Modified Coinsurance Agreement between Ironbound Reinsurance Company Limited and American Life Security Corp dated July25, 2019 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K, filed on August 7, 2019.) 10.9 Funds Withheld and Funds Paid Coinsurance Agreement (MYGA and FIA Business) between US Alliance Life and Security Company and American Life Security Corp., effective as of January 1, 2020 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K, filed on April 21, 2020.) 10.10 Securities Purchase Agreement dated April 24, 2020 by and among Midwest Holding Inc., Xenith Holdings LLC, Vespoint LLC and Crestline Assurance Holdings LLC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K, filed on April 24, 2020.) 10.11 Indemnification Agreement dated April 24, 2020 by and between Midwest Holding Inc. and Douglas K. Bratton (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 8-K, filed on April 24, 2020.) 10.12 Stockholders Agreement dated April 24, 2020 between and among Midwest Holding Inc., Crestline Assurance Holdings LLC, Xenith Holdings LLC, Vespoint LLC, Michael Minnich and A. Michael Salem (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Form 8-K, filed on April 24, 2020.) 10.13 Funds Withheld Coinsurance and Modified Coinsurance Agreement (MYGA and FIA Business) between SDA Annuity Life Re and American Life Security Corp. effective as of September 30, 2019 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 10-Q, filed on May 14, 2020.) 10.14 Unit Purchase Agreement by and among the Company, Aurora Financial Services, and 1505 Capital LLC, effective as of June 12, 2020 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K, filed on June 17, 2020.) 10.15 Employment Agreement made and entered into, effective as of the 1st day of January, 2020, by and between Richard Vecchiolla and Midwest Holding Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 8-K, filed on June 17, 2020.) 10.16 Master Letter Agreement among American Life Security Corp., Seneca Reinsurance Company, LLC and Crestline Management, L.P. effective as of April 24, 2020 and Appendices (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K, filed on August 3, 2020.) 10.17 Employment Agreement made and entered into on November 16, 2020 by and between Michael Minnich and Midwest Holding Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K, filed on November 18, 2020.) 
 60 

Table of Contents 

10.18 Midwest Holding Inc. 2019 Long-Term Incentive Plan dated June 11, 2019 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K, filed June 17, 2019.) 10.19 2020 Long-Term Incentive Plan dated as of November 16, 2020 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Form 8-K, filed on November 18, 2020.) 10.20 Novation Agreement by and among American Life Security Corp., Seneca Incorporated Cell, LLC 2020-02 SRC2 ), and Crestline Re SPC, dated as of December 8, 2020. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on December 14, 2020.) 10.21 Amended and Restated Funds Withheld Coinsurance and Modified Coinsurance Agreement (MYGA and FIA Business) between Crestline Re SPC, for and on behalf of Crestline Re SP1 and American Life Security Corp. dated April 24, 2020. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 8-K/A filed on February 5, 2021.) 10.22 Amended and Restated Trust Agreement dated December 8, 2020, among Crestline Re SPC, for and on behalf of Crestline Re SP1, American Life Security Corp. and U.S. Bank, National Association. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Form 8-K/A filed on February 5, 2021.) 10.23 Amended and Restated Investment Management Agreement dated December 8, 2020 (Modco and Funds Withheld Account). (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Form 8-K/A filed on February 5, 2021.) 10.24 Severance Agreement and Release between Midwest Holding Inc. and A. Michael Salem dated December 17, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 23, 2021.) 10.25 Executive Employment Agreement Between Eric N. Berg and Midwest Holding Inc. dated January 26, 2022 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 25, 2022.)[1] 10.26 Severance Agreement and Release between Midwest Holding Inc. and Eric Del Monaco effective March 31, 2022 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 4, 2022.) 10.27 Employee Separation Agreement between Midwest Holding Inc. and Debra Havranek dated March 31, 2022 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 4, 2022.) 10.28 Cooperation Agreement between Midwest Holding Inc. and AMS Advisors LLC dated April 8, 2022 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 12, 2022.) 10.29 Severance Agreement and Release by and between Eric N. Berg and Midwest Holding Inc. dated as of May 13, 2022 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 19, 2022.) 10.30 Outside Director Compensation Policy of Midwest Holding Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 21, 2022.) 10.31 Executive Employment Agreement Between Eoin Elliffe and Midwest Holding Inc. dated July 26, 2022 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 1, 2022.) 10.32 Letter of Understanding between Midwest Holding Inc. and Crestline Assurance Holdings LLC executed and effective September 16, 2022 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 22, 2022.) 
 61 

Table of Contents 

10.33 Second Amended and Restated Executive Employment Agreement, by and between Midwest Holding Inc. and Georgette C. Nicholas, dated as of September 30, 2022 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 4, 2022.) 10.34 Revolving Credit Facility between Midwest Holding Inc., the lenders party thereto and Royal Bank of Canada dated November 22, 2022. 14.1 Code of Ethics 21.1 List of Subsidiaries. 24 Power of Attorney (see Signature Page to this Report on Form 10-K.) 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officers pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 31.2 Certification of Principal Accounting Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officers pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.2 Certification of Principal Accounting Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. Filed herewith. Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement . ITEM 16. Form 10-K Summary. None. 
 62 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. Dated: March 27, 2023 

MIDWEST HOLDING INC. By: /s/ Georgette Nicholas Name: Georgette Nicholas Title: Chief Executive Officer We, the undersigned, hereby severally constitute and appoint Georgette Nicholas, our true and lawful attorney with full power to sign for us, and in our names in the capacities indicated below, any and all amendments to the annual report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming her signature as she may be signed by our said attorney to any and all amendments to said Annual Report on Form 10-K. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities indicated on the dates indicated. 

Signature Title Date /s/ Georgette Nicholas Chief Executive Officer, Director March 27, 2023 Georgette Nicholas (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Mike Minnich President and Chief Investment Officer, Director March 27, 2023 Mike Minnich /s/ Daniel Maloney Executive Vice President of Accounting and Finance, March 27, 2023 Daniel Maloney Principal Accounting Officer, and Treasurer /s/ John Hompe Director and Independent Board Chair March 27, 2023 John Hompe /s/ Firman Leung Director March 27, 2023 Firman Leung /s/Nancy Callahan Director March 27, 2023 Nancy Callahan /s/Diane Davis Director March 27, 2023 Diane Davis /s/Kevin Sheehan Director March 27, 2023 Kevin Sheehan /s/Yadin Rozov Director March 27, 2023 Yadin Rozov 
 63 

Table of Contents 
 MIDWEST HOLDING INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Mazars USA LLP, Fort Washington, PA, PCAOB ID F-2 Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-4 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-5 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-6 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-7 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-8 
 F-1 

Table of Contents 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of Midwest Holding Inc. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Midwest Holding Inc. and Subsidiaries (collectively, the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of comprehensive loss, stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and the schedules (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Basis for Opinion These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matter The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. Valuation of embedded derivatives of fixed indexed annuities As described in Notes 1 and 5 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company issues fixed indexed annuity products that contain embedded derivatives, valued at 111.618 million as of December 31, 2022. Fixed indexed annuity contracts allow the policyholder to elect a fixed interest rate return or an equity market component for which interest credited is based on the performance of certain stock market indices. The equity market option is an embedded derivative. The fair value of the embedded derivatives is computed as the present value of death, surrender and partial withdrawal benefits attributable to the excess of the projected policy contract values over the projected minimum guaranteed contract values. The projections of policy contract values 
 F-2 

Table of Contents 
 are based on assumptions for future policy growth, which included assumptions for expected index credits on the next policy anniversary date, future equity option cost developed based on the participation rate, cap rate, strike rate, volatility assumption, time to expiration, and risk-free rates using the Black Scholes formula and grow at the risk-free interest rates over the term of the index period, guaranteed minimum renewal interest rate, and policyholder assumptions including mortality, lapses, partial withdrawal rates, and the utilization of benefit riders. The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the valuation of embedded derivatives of fixed indexed annuities is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management in estimating the fair value of embedded derivatives, specifically the significant policyholder behavior assumptions related to deaths, lapses, partial withdrawals, and the utilization of benefit riders, which in turn led to a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity and effort in evaluating the audit evidence relating to the significant assumptions, and (ii) the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included, among others, testing the completeness and accuracy of key data underlying the development of the significant assumptions, and the involvement of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge to assist in testing management s process for determining the valuation of embedded derivatives for fixed indexed annuities, which included (i) evaluating the appropriateness of the methods used in the valuation of the embedded derivatives of fixed indexed annuities, and (ii) evaluating the reasonableness of management s significant assumptions of policyholder behavior assumptions related to deaths, lapses, partial withdrawals, and the use of benefit riders. /s/ We have served as the Company s auditor since 2019. March 27, 2023 
 F-3 

Table of Contents 
 Midwest Holding Inc. and Subsidiaries Consolidated Balance Sheets December 31, 2022 and 2021 

December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 (In thousands, except share information) Assets Fixed maturities, available for sale, at fair value (amortized cost: and , respectively) (See Note 3) Mortgage loans on real estate, held for investment Derivative instruments (See Note 4) Equity securities, at fair value (cost: in 2022 and in 2021) Other invested assets Preferred stock Deposits and notes receivable Policy loans Total investments Cash and cash equivalents Deferred acquisition costs, net Premiums receivable Accrued investment income Reinsurance recoverables (See Note 8) Property and equipment, net Receivable for securities sold Other assets Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders Equity Liabilities: Benefit reserves Deposit-type contracts (See Note 6) Other policy-holder funds Notes payable (See Note 7) Deferred gain on coinsurance transactions Payable for securities purchased Other liabilities Total liabilities Stockholders Equity: Preferred stock, par value; authorized shares; shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021 Voting common stock, par value; authorized shares; shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and at December 31, 2021 , respectively; non-voting common stock, par value, shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively Additional paid-in capital Treasury stock ) ) Accumulated deficit ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income ) Total Midwest Holding Inc. s stockholders equity Noncontrolling interests Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 F-4 

Table of Contents 
 Midwest Holding Inc. and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Year ended December 31, (In thousands, except per share data) 2022 2021 Revenues Investment income, net of expenses Net realized (loss) gain on investments (See Note 3) ) Amortization of deferred gain on reinsurance transactions Policy administration fees Service fee revenue, net of expenses Other revenue Total revenue Expenses Interest credited ) Benefits Amortization of deferred acquisition costs Salaries and benefits Other operating expenses Total expenses Net income (loss) before income tax expense ) Income tax expense (See Note 9) ) ) Net income (loss) after income tax benefit (expense) ) Less: Income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest ) Net income (loss) attributable to Midwest Holding Inc. ) Comprehensive income (loss): Unrealized (losses) on investments arising during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, net of offsets, net of tax million and million, respectively) ) ) Less: Reclassification adjustment for net realized losses on investments, net of offsets during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (net of tax million) and million, respectively) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) Comprehensive loss ) ) Impairment Total other-than-temporary impairment Net other-than-temporary impairment loss recognized in net income Income (Loss) per common share Basic ) Diluted ) See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 F-5 

Table of Contents 
 Midwest Holding Inc. and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Year ended December 31, 2022 Additional Treasury Common Paid-In Accumulated Noncontrolling Total (In thousands) Stock Stock Capital Deficit AOCI Interest Equity Balance, December 31, 2021 ) ) Net income Employee stock options Unrealized gains on investments, net of taxes ) ) Noncontrolling interest ) ) Balance, December 31, 2022 ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2020 ) ) Net (loss) ) ) Additional capital raise related expenses ) ) Employee stock options Unrealized losses on investments, net of taxes ) ) Noncontrolling interest Balance, December 31, 2021 ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 F-6 

Table of Contents 
 Midwest Holding Inc. and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 Year ended December 31, (In thousands) 2022 2021 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: Income (loss) attributable to Midwest Holding Inc. ) Adjustments to arrive at cash provided by operating activities: Net premium and discount on investments ) ) Depreciation and amortization Stock options Amortization of deferred acquisition costs Deferred acquisition costs capitalized ) ) Net realized gain (loss) on investments ) Deferred gain on coinsurance transactions Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Reinsurance recoverable ) Interest and dividends due and accrued ) ) Premiums receivable ) ) Deposit-type liabilities Policy liabilities Receivable and payable for securities ) Other assets and liabilities ) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities ) Cash Flows from Investing Activities: Fixed maturities available for sale: Purchases ) ) Proceeds from sale or maturity Mortgage loans on real estate, held for investment Purchases ) ) Proceeds from sale Derivatives Purchases ) ) Proceeds from sale Equity securities Purchases ) Proceeds from sale Other invested assets Purchases ) ) Proceeds from sale Purchase of restricted common stock ) ) Preferred stock Purchases ) Proceeds from sale Net change in policy loans ) Net purchases of property and equipment ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash Flows from Financing Activities: Net transfer to noncontrolling interest ) Proceeds from term debt Capital contribution ) Receipts on deposit-type contracts Withdrawals on deposit-type contracts ) ) Net cash provided by financing activities Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents: Beginning Ending Supplementary information Cash paid for taxes See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 F-7 

Table of Contents 
 million to Seneca Re for a ownership interest. On April 15, 2020, Midwest entered into an operating agreement with Seneca Re and as of December 31, 2022, Seneca Re has two incorporated cells, Seneca Incorporated Cell, LLC 2020-01 SRC1 and Seneca Re Incorporated Cell 2021-03 SRC3 ), which are consolidated in our financial statements. Midwest initially owned a interest in SRC1 by contributing a total of million. On December 30, 2021, Midwest closed the sale of approximately of SRC1 to a subsidiary of ORIX Corporation USA ORIX USA for million. Under the terms of the agreement, Midwest now holds a ownership interest in SRC1. ORIX Advisers, LLC, another subsidiary of ORIX USA, is the manager of the assets underlying SRC1 s reinsurance obligations going forward, replacing Midwest s asset management arm, 1505 Capital. On July 27, 2020, American Life entered into a reinsurance agreement (the Reinsurance Agreement with a new protected cell formed by Seneca Re (Seneca Incorporated Cell, LLC 2020-02 SRC2 )). SRC2 was capitalized by Crestline Management, L.P. Crestline ), a significant shareholder of Midwest via a Crestline subsidiary, Crestline Re SPC1. The Reinsurance Agreement, which was effective as of April 24, 2020, was entered into pursuant to a Master Letter Agreement (the Master Agreement dated and effective as of April 24, 2020, among American Life, Seneca Re and Crestline. The Reinsurance Agreement supports American Life s new business production by providing reinsurance capacity for American Life to write certain kinds of fixed and multi-year guaranteed annuity products. Concurrently with the Reinsurance Agreement: American Life and SRC2 each entered into investment management agreements with Crestline, pursuant to which Crestline manages the assets that support the reinsured business; and American Life and SRC2 entered into a trust agreement whereby SRC2 maintains for American Life s benefit a trust account that supports the reinsured business. Under the Master Agreement, Crestline agreed to provide reinsurance funding for a quota share percentage of of the liabilities of American Life arising from its multi-year guaranteed annuities MYGA and a quota share percentage of of the liabilities of American Life arising from its fixed indexed annuity FIA products. The Master Agreement expires on April 24, 2023. In addition, pursuant to the Master Agreement, the parties thereto have agreed to enter into one or more separate agreements whereby, among other things and subject to certain conditions, American Life will agree to reinsure additional new business production to one or more reinsurers formed and/or capitalized by Crestline, Midwest or an appropriate affiliate will be compensated for providing administrative services to certain advisory clients of Crestline, and American Life will consider investing in certain assets originated or sourced by Crestline. On June 26, 2021, the Nebraska Department of Insurance NDOI issued its non-disapproval of the Modified Coinsurance Agreement Modco AEG Agreement of American Life with American Republic Insurance Company AEG ), an Iowa domiciled reinsurance 
 F-8 

Table of Contents 
 quota share of certain liabilities with respect to its MYGA-5 business and an initial quota share of certain liabilities with respect to its FIA products. American Life has established a Modco Deposit Account to hold the assets for the Modco AEG Agreement. The initial settlement included net premium of million and net reserves of million for the modified coinsurance account. The amount paid to the Modified Deposit Account from AEG was million. Effective February 28, 2023, AEG elected not to extend its commitment period for reinsuring liabilities under its Modco AEG Agreement. As a result, AEG s current quota share with respect to MYGA and FIA policies is . The AEG Coinsurance Agreement remains in place, and AEG remains responsible for previously ceded liabilities. On November 10, 2021, Midwest purchased ownership of an intermediary holding company for million, which company thereupon contributed capital of million to purchase of SRC3 Class A and B capital stock. Also, on November 10, 2021, American Life and SRC3 entered into a Funds Withheld and Modified Coinsurance Agreement, whereby, SRC3 agreed to provide reinsurance funding for a quota share percentage of of the liabilities of American Life arising from its MYGA products and quota share percentage of of the liabilities of American Life arising from its FIA products. In the fourth quarter of 2022, the agreement with SRC3 was amended to provide a one time reinsurance funding for a quota share of million of the liabilities of American Life arising from its FIA products. On September 30, 2022, American Life entered into a reinsurance agreement (the Reinsurance Agreement with a new protected cell formed by Seneca Re (Seneca Incorporated Cell, LLC 2022-04 SRC4 )). SRC4 was capitalized by loans from Embrace Software, Inc Embrace and Tillman Networks LLC Tillman ). The Reinsurance Agreement was effective as of July 1, 2022, among American Life and Seneca Re. The Reinsurance Agreement supports American Life s new business production by providing reinsurance capacity for American Life to write certain kinds of fixed indexed and multi-year guaranteed annuity products. Under the Reinsurance Agreement, SRC4 agreed to provide reinsurance funding for a quota share percentage of of the liabilities of American Life arising from its MYGA-5 products and a quota share percentage of of the liabilities of American Life arising from its MYGA-3 products. American Life has established a Modco Deposit Account, a Funds Withheld custody account, and a Trust Account pursuant to the Reinsurance Agreement. The initial settlement included net premium of million and net reserves of million for the modified coinsurance account. Also on September 30, 2022, American Life entered into an Investment Management Agreement IMA with CoVenture Management, LLC CoVenture naming CoVenture as the manager of certain assets held by American Life on behalf of SRC4. Management evaluates the Company as reporting segment in the life insurance industry. The Company is primarily engaged in the underwriting and marketing of annuity products through American Life, and then reinsuring such products with third-party reinsurers, and since May 13, 2020, with Seneca Re protected cells. American Life s legacy product offerings consisted of a multi-benefit life insurance policy that combined cash value life insurance with a tax deferred annuity and a single premium term life product. American Life presently offers annuity products: MYGAs, FIAs, and bonus plans associated with the FIA product. It is not presently offering any traditional life insurance products. 
 F-9 

Table of Contents 
 million with a total impairment of million. such impairments were recognized as of December 31, 2021. 
 F-10 

Table of Contents 
 million of ETFs and million of ETFs as of December 31, 2021. million as of December 31, 2022. This investment is carried at fair market value. The change in fair market value is recorded in net investment income on the Statement of Comprehensive Loss. In 2020 American Life entered into a series of transactions with an unaffiliated entity, Ascona Group Holdings Ltd AGH ). Through these transactions American Life acquired preferred equity in AGH in British Pound Sterling GBP million along with warrants bearing no initial assigned value. American Life subsequently created a special purpose vehicle, Ascona Asset Holding LLC AAH ), to hold the Preferred Equity and Warrants, and later created Ascona Collinwood HoldCo LLC ACH to be the sole member of AAH. American Life and Crestline Re SP1 own and , respectively, of ACH. American Life is carrying the preferred equity and warrants at a market value in USD of million as of December 31, 2022 and million of December 31, 2021. The change in market value for the preferred stock and warrants of million was recorded in net investment income on the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss. Of the million of investment income, million was attributed to the noncontrolling interest held by Crestline Re SP1. million of various investments. Of this total, approximately million are primarily collateral loans, and million of private credit and equipment leases. Also, we had an initial investment of million investment in a private fund between American Life and an unaffiliated entity, PF Collinwood Holdings, LLC PFC ), with American Life owning of the entity effective January 2021. The fair value of the PFC investment as of December 31, 2022, was million and as of December 31, 2021, million, respectively, with the change in fair market value recorded in unrealized gains and losses in equity on the balance sheet. On February 2, 2022, we established a special purpose vehicle, Python Asset Holding LLC, with American Life owning of the entity with an initial investment of million. As of September 30, 2022, our investment in Python was carried at the net asset value NAV plus approximately million of investment income. million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The cash held at year end was used to purchased mortgages in January 2023 and 2022, respectively. Federal Home Loan Bank stock American Life initially purchased Federal Home Loan Bank of Topeka FHLB common stock on May 5, 2021. This investment was to solidify our membership with FHLB Topeka. The carrying value of FHLB stock approximates fair value since the Company can redeem the stock with FHLB at cost. As a member of the FHLB, the Company is required to purchase this stock, which is carried at cost and classified as restricted equity securities. 
 F-11 

Table of Contents 
 million to FHLB to allow a borrowing capacity of million and pledged as of December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2022, we had million of outstanding funding arrangements. As of December 31, 2021, there were outstanding funding arrangements. Notes Receivable The Company held notes receivable carried at fair value of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, between American Life and a related party. The note receivable has an annual interest rate of which is paid in kind PIK interest per annum that increases the outstanding note balance. This note was rated BBB+ by a nationally recognized statistical rating organization. This note matures on June 18, 2050. See Note 15 Related Party Chelsea for details regarding this note. valuation allowance is established for these policy loans as the amount of the loan is fully secured by the death benefit of the policy and cash surrender value. and approximately GBP million in custody accounts, respectively. The USD equivalent held was less than and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company held approximately less than Euro and million, respectively. The USD equivalent held was approximately less than and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had realized gains of approximately million and approximately million, respectively, related to the change in the foreign currency exchange rate of the GBP and Euro that were recorded in realized (losses) gains on investments in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss. The Company had money market investments as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Additions Amortization ) ) Interest ) Impact of unrealized investment losses ) ) Ending Balance Recoverability of deferred acquisition costs is evaluated periodically by comparing the current estimate of the present value of expected pretax future profits to the unamortized asset balance. If this current estimate is less than the existing balance, the difference is charged to expense. The Company performs a recoverability analysis annually in the fourth quarter unless events occur which in management s 
 F-12 

Table of Contents 
 million in both 2022 and 2021. and computer software and equipment is generally depreciated over . Depreciation expense totaled million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The accumulated depreciation net of disposals totaled million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. During the first quarter of 2021, the Company began the implementation of a new cloud-based enterprise resource planning and enterprise performance management system. The Company expects to capitalize related consultation and support expenses relating to this system and will begin amortizing these fees over a period of from the date of implementation. The useful life of the system has been estimated at in accordance with guidance in ASC 350, Intangibles Goodwill and Other (as updated by ASU 2018-15). As of December 31, 2021, the Company had capitalized approximately million of expenses incurred. The system was implemented during the first quarter of 2022. Maintenance and repairs are expensed as incurred. Replacements and improvements which extend the useful life of the asset are capitalized. The net book value of assets sold or retired are removed from the accounts, and any resulting gain or loss is reflected in earnings. Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is recognized if the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable and exceeds estimated future undiscounted cash flows of the asset. A recognized impairment loss reduces the carrying amount of the asset to its fair value. The Company determined that no such events occurred in the periods covered by the Consolidated Financial Statements that would indicate the carrying amounts may not be recoverable. 
 F-13 

Table of Contents 
 ownership of SRC1 to an ORIX Corporation USA subsidiary on December 30, 2021, and retained ownership. Midwest maintains control over SRC1 and we continue to consolidate SRC1 in these financial statements and eliminate the noncontrolling interest. Additionally, Seneca Re has established Seneca Incorporated Cell, LLC 2022-04; however, management has determined that Midwest does not control the entity and thus it is not consolidated into these financial statements. American Life entered into a novation agreement with SRC2 and Crestline Re SPC, for and on behalf of Crestline Re SP1, under which the above-described reinsurance, trust and related asset management agreements were novated and replaced with substantially similar agreements entered into by American Life and Crestline Re SP1. Some reinsurers are not and may not be accredited or qualified as reinsurers under Nebraska law and regulations. In order to enter into reinsurance agreements with such reinsurers and to reduce potential credit risk, American Life holds a deposit or withholds funds from the reinsurer or requires the reinsurer to maintain a trust that holds assets backing up the reinsurer s obligation to pay claims on the business it assumes. The reinsurer may also appoint an investment manager for such funds, which in some cases may be our investment adviser subsidiary, 1505 Capital, to manage these assets pursuant to guidelines adopted by us that are consistent with Nebraska investment statutes and reinsurance regulations. American Life currently has treaties with several third-party reinsurers and one related party reinsurer. In a Modco agreement, the ceding entity retains the assets equal to the modified coinsurance reserves retained. In a FW agreement, assets that would normally be paid over to a reinsurer are withheld by the ceding company to permit statutory credit for unauthorized reinsurers, to reduce the potential credit risk. Under those provisions with third-party reinsurers, the assets backing the treaties are maintained by American Life as investments but the assets and total returns or losses on the investments are owned by the reinsurers. Under GAAP, this arrangement is considered an embedded derivative as discussed in Comprehensive Loss and Note 4 below. Assets carried as investments on American Life s financial statements for the third-party reinsurers contained cumulative unrealized losses of approximately million and gains of million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The terms of the contracts with the third-party reinsurers provide that changes in the unrealized gains and losses on the portfolios accrue to the third-party reinsurers. To recognize changes in the third-party unrealized gain (loss), American Life records the year -to-date change in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss and in amounts recoverable from third-party reinsurers on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, American Life recognized a current year gain in the embedded derivative of million and losses of million respectively. For further discussion see Note 4 below. 
 F-14 

Table of Contents 
 of the borrowing. In 2022, the Board authorized a maximum amount equal to of net aggregate admitted retained assets of American Life for FHLB advances and funding agreements combined. In 2022, American Life received advances of million from FHLB under funding agreements and made repayments on FHLB funding agreements. Outstanding advances under FHLB funding agreements are reported as part of deposit-type contracts in the Consolidated Balance Sheets and totaled million as of December 31, 2022. Interest on the funding agreements accrues at their effective interest rates. As of December 31, 2022, scheduled maturity dates for outstanding FHLB funding agreements were as follows: August 16, 2025 September 15, 2027 senior secured revolving credit agreement Credit Agreement with Royal Bank of Canada and other lenders with a capacity of million (the Revolving Credit Facility ). The maturity date of the Credit Agreement is November 22, 2025. The obligations under the Credit Agreement are secured by a first priority lien on a variety of our assets. The balance of the revolving credit was million at December 31, 2022, with million unutilized credit. 
 F-15 

Table of Contents 
 million as of December 31, 2022 and cumulative unrealized gains of million as of December 31, 2021, respectively. The terms of the contracts with the third-party reinsurers provide that the changes in unrealized gains and losses on the portfolios accrue to the third-party reinsurers. To recognize changes in the third-party unrealized gain (loss), American Life records the year-to-date change in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss and in amounts recoverable from third-party reinsurers on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. As of December 31, 2022, American Life recognized a current year gain in the embedded derivative of million and a gain in the embedded derivative of million for the comparable period in 2021. For further discussion see Note 4 below. 
 F-16 

Table of Contents 
 and loss of , respectively, which included the aforementioned gain of million and loss of million, respectively. The Company has million voting common shares authorized, million non-voting common shares authorized, and million preferred shares authorized. There were voting common shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and as of December 31, 2021 . ) Denominator: Weighted average common shares outstanding Effect of dilutive securities: Stock options and deferred compensation agreements Denominator for earnings (loss) per common share Income (loss) per common share ) Income (loss) per common share, diluted ) 
 and million of cloud-based software cost respectively. In December 2022, the FASB issued ASU no. 2022-06, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 846): Deferral of the Sunset Date of Topic 848. In 2020, the Board issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2020-04, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Facilitation of the Effects of Reference Rate Reform on Financial Reporting, which provides optional guidance to ease the potential burden in accounting for (or recognizing the effects of) reference rate reform on financial reporting. The objective of the guidance in Topic 848 is to provide temporary relief during the transition period. The FASB included a sunset provision within Topic 848 based on expectations of when 
 F-17 

Table of Contents 
 million at December 31, 2022, and the Company does not have total impact amount at this time. The Company s implementation activities continue to be performed to evaluate the impact this guidance will have on the results of operations and financial position. The Company intends to utilize the modified retrospective method and the prospective transition approach for fixed maturities for which other-than-temporary impairment has been recognized prior to January 1, 2023. As of December 31, 2022, million of other-than-temporary impairment has been recognized, compared to in the prior year. of SRC1 to a subsidiary of ORIX Corporation USA for million. Under the terms of the agreement, Midwest holds a ownership interest in SRC1. ORIX Advisers, LLC, another subsidiary of ORIX USA, is the manager of the assets underlying SRC1 s reinsurance obligations, replacing Midwest s asset management arm, 
 F-18 

Table of Contents 
 million less million of losses as noncontrolling interest in the equity section of the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Purchase In 2020 American Life entered into a series of transactions with an unaffiliated entity, Ascona Group Holdings Ltd AGH ). Through these transactions American Life acquired preferred equity in AGH in British Pound Sterling GBP of million along with warrants bearing no initial assigned value. American Life subsequently created a special purpose vehicle, Ascona Asset Holding LLC AAH ), to hold the Preferred Equity and Warrants, and later created Ascona Collinwood HoldCo LLC ACH to be the sole member of AAH. American Life and Crestline Re SP1 own and , respectively, of ACH. American Life is carrying the preferred equity at a market USD value of million as of December 31, 2022, and million as of December 31, 2021. The change in market value for the year ended December 31, 2022, of million for the preferred stock and warrants was recorded in net investment income on the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss. Of the million of investment income, million was attributable to noncontrolling interest. 
 F-19 

Table of Contents 
 Mortgage-backed securities Asset-backed securities Collateralized loan obligations States and political subdivisions-general obligations States and political subdivisions-special revenue Corporate Term loans Total fixed maturities Mortgage loans on real estate, held for investment Derivatives Equity securities Other invested assets Preferred stock Deposits and notes receivable Policy loans Total investments December 31, 2021: Fixed maturities: Bonds: U.S. government obligations Mortgage-backed securities Asset-backed securities Collateralized loan obligations States and political subdivisions-general obligations States and political subdivisions-special revenue Corporate Term loans Trust preferred Redeemable preferred stock Total fixed maturities Mortgage loans on real estate, held for investment Derivatives Equity securities Other invested assets Preferred stock Deposits and notes receivable Policy loans Total investments 
 F-20 

Table of Contents 
 AA A BBB Total investment grade BB and below Total Reflecting the quality of securities maintained by us, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and , respectively, of all fixed maturity securities were investment grade. The BB and below also includes maturities that have no rating. The following table summarizes, for all fixed maturity securities in an unrealized loss position as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and the estimated fair value, pre-tax gross unrealized loss, and number of securities by consecutive months they have been in an unrealized loss position. Mortgage-backed securities Asset-backed securities Collateralized loan obligations States and political subdivisions-general obligations States and political subdivisions-special revenue Term loans Redeemable preferred stock Corporate Greater than 12 months: U.S. government obligations Asset-backed securities Collateralized loan obligations States and political subdivisions-special revenue Mortgage-backed securities Corporate Total fixed maturities (1) We may reflect a security in more than one aging category based on various purchase dates.
 
 Our securities positions resulted in a gross unrealized loss position as of December 31, 2022 that was greater than the gross unrealized loss position at December 31, 2021 due to increases in the Federal Reserve interest rates. We performed an analysis and determined that 
 F-21 

Table of Contents 
 impairment was required as of December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. See the discussion above under Comprehensive Loss in Note 1 regarding unrealized gains/losses on investments that are owned by our reinsurers and the corresponding offset carried as a gain in the associated embedded derivatives. The Company purchases and sells equipment leases in its investment portfolio. As of December 31, 2022, the Company owned several leases, all of which were performing. No impairment was required as of December 31, 2022. The amortized cost and estimated fair value of fixed maturities as of December 31, 2022, by contractual maturity, are shown below. Expected maturities may differ from contractual maturities because issuers may have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without call or prepayment penalties. Due after one year through five years Due after five years through ten years Due after ten years through twenty years Due after twenty years The Company is required to hold assets on deposit for the benefit of policyholders in accordance with statutory rules and regulations. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, these required deposits had a total amortized cost of million and million, respectively, and fair values of million and million, respectively. Mortgage loans consist of the following: Hospitality Land Multifamily (5+) Retail Other Total mortgage loans Geographic Location: As of December 31, 2022, the commercial mortgages loans were secured by properties geographically dispersed (with the largest concentrations in loans secured by properties in New York ), Florida ), Delaware ), California ), and Arizona )). As of December 31, 2021, the commercial mortgages loans were secured by properties geographically dispersed (with the largest concentrations in New York ), Arizona ), California and non-US )). The loan-to-value ratio is expressed as a percentage of the amount of the loan relative to the value of the underlying property. A loan-to-value ratio in excess of 100 indicates the unpaid loan amount exceeds the underlying collateral. The following represents the loan-to-value ratio of the commercial mortgage loan portfolio, excluding those under development, net of valuation allowances. As of December 31, 2022, the Company held one asset valued at million with an impairment of million. such valuations were established as of December 31, 2021. 
 F-22 

Table of Contents 
 60 -69.99 70 -79.99 80 or greater Total mortgage loans The components of net investment income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 are as follows: Mortgage loans Other invested assets Other interest income ) Gross investment income Less: investment expenses ) ) Investment income, net of expenses Proceeds for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 from sales of investments classified as available-for-sale were million, and million, respectively. Gross gains of million and million and gross losses of million and million were realized on sales and the realized losses on sales during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The proceeds included those assets associated with the third-party reinsurers. The gains and losses relate only to the assets retained by American Life. Unrealized gain/loss included as part of net investment income were million loss and million gain for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Equity-indexed embedded derivatives Deposit-type contracts At December 31, 2022, the value of the embedded derivative considers all amounts projected to be paid in excess of the minimum guarantee (the amounts payable without any indexation increases) over future periods. The host contract reflects the minimum guaranteed values. Due to price changes in the capital markets, our securities positions resulted in decreased unrealized gains at December 31, 2022, compared to 2021, reported in accumulated other comprehensive income on the balance sheet. The embedded derivative related to the 
 F-23 

Table of Contents 
 million compared to unrealized gains of million as of December 31, 2021. Crestline Re SP1 ) Ironbound ) Ascendent Re SRC4 ) - - - US Alliance - - - Total ) Assets carried as investments on American Life s financial statements for the third-party reinsurers contained cumulative unrealized losses of approximately million as of December 31, 2022, and cumulative unrealized gains of million as of December 31, 2021, respectively. The terms of the contracts with the third-party reinsurers provide that the changes in unrealized gains on the portfolios accrue to the third-party reinsurers. Accordingly, the change in unrealized losses on the assets held by American Life were offset by gains in the embedded derivative of million and a gain in the embedded derivative of million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We account for this unrealized (loss) pass-through by recording an equivalent realized gain on our Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss and in amounts payable to our third-party reinsurers on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 F-24 

Table of Contents 
 million of ETFs and million as of December 31, 2021. Preferred stock : The Company s preferred stock investments classified as Level 2 were valued at million as of December 31, 2022. This investment is carried at fair market value with the change in fair market value is recorded in net investment income on the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss. Deposits and notes receivable : The Company had escrow funds of as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, of million and million, respectively. These escrow funds were used to settle mortgage loans that did not close until January 2023 and 2022. The money held in escrow at December 31, 2022 and 2021 was carried at cost. The Company held in notes receivable as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, a note of million and million, respectively, that includes paid-in-kind PIK interest. The note receivable is between American Life and Chelsea Holdings Midwest LLC with an interest rate of per annum that was rated BBB+ by a nationally recognized statistical rating organization NRSRO ). This note is being carried at cost plus PIK interest. Level 3 measurements Term Loans The assets classified as term loans are carried at unpaid principal net of amortization of discount or accretion, which ap-proximates fair value or carried at fair market value based on a valuation using market standard valuation methodologies. The inputs used to measure the fair value of these assets are classified as Level 3 within the fair value hierarchy. Mortgage Loans Mortgage loans are generally stated at principal amounts outstanding, net of deferred expenses and allowance for loan loss. Interest on loans is recognized on an accrual basis at the applicable interest rate on the principal amount outstanding. Loan origination fees and direct costs, as well as premiums and discounts, are amortized as level yield adjustments over the respective loan terms. Unamortized net fees or costs are recognized upon early repayment of the loans. Loan commitment fees are generally deferred and amortized on an effective yield basis over the term of the loan. Impaired loans are generally carried on a non-accrual status. Loans are ordinarily placed on non-accrual status when, in management s opinion, the collection of principal or interest is unlikely, or when the collection of principal or interest is 90 days or more past due. As of December 31, 2022, the Company held one asset valued at million with an impairment of million. such valuations were established as of December 31, 2021. Other Invested Assets Other invested assets include collateral loans, private credit investments, equipment leases, and a private fund investment. The collateral loans, private credit investments, and equipment leases are carried at amortized cost which approximates fair value. The private fund investment is carried at statement value with approximates fair value of the fund. The inputs used to measure these assets are classified as Level 3 within the fair value hierarchy. 
 F-25 

Table of Contents 
 million as of December 31, 2022. This investment is carried at fair market value. The change in fair market value is recorded in net investment income on the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss. Policy loans: Policy loans are stated at unpaid principal balances. As these loans are fully collateralized by the cash surrender value of the underlying insurance policies, the carrying value of the policy loans approximates their fair value. Deposit-type contracts: The fair value for direct and assumed liabilities under deposit-type insurance contracts (accumulation annuities) is calculated using a discounted cash flow approach. Cash flows are projected using actuarial assumptions and discounted to the valuation date using risk-free rates adjusted for credit risk and nonperformance risk of the liabilities. The fair values for insurance contracts other than deposit-type contracts are not required to be disclosed. Embedded derivative for equity-indexed contracts : The Company has embedded derivatives in its FIA policyholder obligations. These embedded derivatives are carried at the fair market value as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The fair value of the embedded derivative component of our FIA obligation is estimated at each valuation date by projecting policy contract values and minimum guaranteed contract values over the expected lives of the contracts and discounting the excess of projected contract value amounts at the applicable risk-free interest rates adjusted for our nonperformance risk related to those obligations. The projections of FIA policy contract values are based on best estimate assumptions for future policy growth and decrements including lapse, partial withdrawal and mortality rates. The best estimate assumptions for future policy growth include assumptions for expected index credits on the next policy anniversary date which are derived from fair values of the underlying equity call options purchased to fund such index credits and the present value of expected costs of annual call options purchased in the future by us to fund index credits beyond the next policy anniversary. The projections of minimum guaranteed contract values include the same best estimate assumptions for policy decrements as assumptions used to project policy contract values. 
 F-26 

Table of Contents 
 Mortgage-backed securities Asset-backed securities Collateralized loan obligations States and political subdivisions-general obligations States and political subdivisions-special revenue Corporate Term loans Total fixed maturity securities Mortgage loans on real estate, held for investment Derivatives Equity securities Other invested assets Preferred stock Deposits and notes receivable Policy loans Total Investments Financial liabilities Embedded derivative for equity-indexed contracts December 31, 2021 Financial assets Fixed maturity securities: Bonds U.S. government obligations Mortgage-backed securities Asset-backed securities Collateralized loan obligations States and political subdivisions-general obligations States and political subdivisions-special revenue Corporate Term loans Trust preferred Redeemable preferred stock Total fixed maturity securities Mortgage loans on real estate, held for investment Derivatives Equity securities Other invested assets Preferred stock Deposits and notes receivable Policy loans Total Investments Financial liabilities Embedded derivative for equity-indexed contracts There were transfers of financial instruments between any levels during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 F-27 

Table of Contents 
 Cash equivalents Liabilities: Policyholder deposits (deposit-type contracts) December 31, 2021 Fair Value Measurements Using Quoted Prices in Active Markets Significant Other Significant for Identical Assets Observable Unobservable Carrying and Liabilities Inputs Inputs Fair (In thousands) Amount (Level 1) (Level 2) (Level 3) Value Assets: Policy loans Cash equivalents Liabilities: Policyholder deposits (deposit-type contracts) 
 F-28 

Table of Contents 
 ) Mortgage loans on real estate, held for investment Deposits and notes receivable Other invested assets Preferred stock ) Policy loans ) Total level 3 assets ) Liabilities Embedded derivative for equity-indexed contracts ) ) ) Total level 3 liabilities ) ) ) The following tables present a reconciliation of the beginning balance for all investments measured at fair value on a recurring basis using level three inputs during the year ended December 31, 2021: ) Mortgage loans on real estate, held for investment Deposits and notes receivable Other invested assets ) Preferred stock Policy loans Total level 3 assets ) ) Liabilities Embedded derivative for equity-indexed contracts ) ) ) ) Total level 3 liabilities ) ) ) ) Significant Unobservable Inputs Significant unobservable inputs occur when we could not obtain or corroborate the quantitative detail of the inputs. This applies to fixed maturity securities, preferred stock, mortgage loans and certain derivatives, as well as embedded derivatives in liabilities. Additional significant unobservable inputs are described below. Interest sensitive contract liabilities embedded derivative Significant unobservable inputs we use in the fixed indexed annuities embedded derivative of the interest sensitive contract liabilities valuation include: 
 F-29 

Table of Contents 
 
 F-30 

Table of Contents 
 Yield Analysis Discount rates Decrease Mortgage loans on real estate Yield Analysis Principal funded NA NA NA Decrease Interest sensitive contract liabilities - fixed indexed annuities embedded derivatives Option Budget Method Nonperformance risk Decrease Option budget Increase Surrender rate (base) (add l shock) Decrease Other invested assets Market Approach EBITDA Multiples NA Discount rates NA Preferred equity Yield Analysis Discount rates Increase Detachable warrants Market Approach GPCM EBITDA Multiples x x Decrease Preferred stock Market Approach EBITDA Multiples NA NA NA Decrease Weighted by account value December 31, 2021 (In millions, except for percentages and multiples) Fair value Valuation technique Unobservable inputs Minimum Maximum Weighted average Impact of an increase in the input on fair value Interest sensitive contract liabilities - fixed indexed annuities embedded derivatives Option Budget Method Nonperformance risk Decrease Option budget Increase Surrender rate (base) (add l shock) Decrease Preferred equity Yield analysis Discount rates Increase Detachable warrants Market Approach - GPCM EBITDA Multiples x x Increase Weighted by account value 
 F-31 

Table of Contents 
 US Alliance ) Unified Life Insurance Company ) Ironbound Reinsurance Company Limited Ascendant Re ) Crestline SP1 ) American Republic Insurance Company ) SRC4 Deposits received Investment earnings (includes embedded derivative) ) Withdrawals ) ) Policy charges ) ) Ending balance In addition, membership in FHLB provides the Company with access to additional short-term liquidity based on the level of investment in FHLB stock and pledged collateral. At December 31, 2022, a funding agreement of million was outstanding. There were borrowings outstanding with the FHLB at December 31, 2021. senior secured revolving credit agreement Credit Agreement with Royal Bank of Canada and other lenders with a capacity of million (the Revolving Credit Facility ). The maturity date of the Credit Agreement is November 22, 2025. The obligations under the Credit Agreement are secured by a first priority lien on a variety of the Company s assets. The balance of the revolving credit was million at December 31, 2022, with million unutilized credit. Under the terms of the Credit Agreement, the Company has the option of selecting an applicable variable interest rate of (a) an adjusted term standard overnight financing rate SOFR ), plus an applicable margin or (b) a base rate, plus an applicable margin. Depending on our debt to capitalization ratio, the applicable margin can range from to for the base rate and from to for an adjusted term SOFR loan. The terms of the Credit Agreement require the Company to maintain, among other things, certain financial measures including: Consolidated debt to capitalization must not be greater than on the last day of any fiscal quarter; Risk-based capital of American Life Security Corp. must not be less than on the last day of any fiscal quarter; Consolidated liquidity must not be less than million at any time; and The strength rating of American Life Security Corp. from A.M. Best must not fall below B++ . 
 
 F-32 

Table of Contents 
 Liabilities: Deposit-type contracts Direct Reinsurance ceded ) ) Retained deposit-type contracts 

Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 (In thousands) Premiums Direct Reinsurance ceded ) ) Total Premiums Future policy and other policy benefits Direct Reinsurance ceded ) ) Total future policy and other policy benefits ) ) Optimum Re Insurance Company Sagicor Life Insurance Company ) Ascendant Re ) ) Crestline SP1 ) ) American Republic Insurance Company SRC4 ) ) Unified Life Insurance Company ) US Alliance Life and Security Company ) ) 
 F-33 

Table of Contents 
 ) ) Optimum Re Insurance Company Sagicor Life Insurance Company ) Ascendant Re Crestline SP1 American Republic Insurance Company Unified Life Insurance Company ) US Alliance Life and Security Company ) ) Our securities positions resulted in changes in the unrealized gains position as of December 31, 2022, compared to December 31, 2021, that is reported in accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. As discussed in Note 1, American Life has treaties with several third-party reinsurers that have FW and Modco provisions. Under those provisions, the assets backing the treaties are maintained by American Life as collateral but the assets and total returns or losses on the asset portfolios belong to the third-party reinsurers. Under GAAP this arrangement is considered an embedded derivative as discussed in Note 4. Assets carried as investments on American Life s financial statements for the third-party reinsurers contained cumulative unrealized losses of approximately million as of December 31, 2022, and cumulative unrealized gains of million at December 31, 2021. The terms of the contracts with the third-party reinsurers provide that the changes in unrealized gains and losses on the portfolios accrue to the third-party reinsurers. To recognize changes in the third-party unrealized gain (loss), American Life records the year-to-date change in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss and in amounts recoverable from third-party reinsurers on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. As of December 31, 2022, American Life recognized a current year gain in the embedded derivative of million and a loss in the embedded derivative of million for the comparable period in 2021. On June 26, 2021, the NDOI issued its non-disapproval of the Modified Coinsurance Agreement Modco AEG Agreement with American Republic Insurance Company AEG ), an Iowa domiciled reinsurance company. The agreement closed on June 30, 2021. Under the Modco AEG Agreement, American Life cedes to AEG, on a modified coinsurance basis, a quota share of certain liabilities with respect to its MYGA-5 business and an initial quota share of certain liabilities with respect to its FIA business. American Life has established a Modco Deposit Account to hold the assets for the Modco AEG Agreement. The initial settlement included net premium income of million and net statutory reserves of million for the ModCo Deposit Account. The amount paid to the Modco Deposit Account from AEG was million. Effective February 28, 2023, AEG elected not to extend its commitment period for reinsuring liabilities under its Modco AEG Agreement. As a result, AEG s current quota share with respect to MYGA and FIA policies is . The AEG Coinsurance Agreement remains in place, and AEG remains responsible for previously ceded liabilities. On November 10, 2021, the NDOI issued its non-disapproval of the Funds Withheld and Modified Coinsurance Agreement with SRC3, whereby, SRC3 agreed to provide reinsurance funding for a quota share percentage of of the liabilities of American Life arising from its MYGA products and a quota share percentage of of the liabilities of American Life arising from its FIA products. In the fourth quarter of 2022, the agreement with SRC3 was amended to provide a one time reinsurance funding for million of the liabilities of American Life arising from its FIA products. American Life has established a FW and Modco Deposit Account to hold the assets for the FW and Modco Agreement. The initial settlement included net premium income of million and net statutory reserves of million. On September 21, 2022, the NDOI issued its non-disapproval of the conversion of American Life s agreement with US Alliance to convert its block of business from a Funds Withheld agreement to a Funds Paid Coinsurance agreement. The conversion was effective as of October 1, 2022, and was triggered by US Alliance becoming a Qualified Institutional Buyer as specified in the original agreement. Upon conversion, American Life began transferring assets held on behalf of US Alliance to the reinsurer, with a corresponding entry made to Amounts Recoverable. The approximate value of assets transferred was million. 
 F-34 

Table of Contents 
 of the liabilities of American Life arising from its MYGA-5 products and a quota share percentage of of the liabilities of American Life arising from its MYGA-3 products. American Life has established a Modco Deposit Account, a Funds Withheld custody account, and a Trust Account pursuant to the Reinsurance Agreement. The initial settlement included net premium of million and net reserves of million for the modified coinsurance account. Also on September 30, 2022, American Life entered into an Investment Management Agreement IMA with CoVenture Management, LLC CoVenture naming CoVenture as the manager of certain assets held by American Life on behalf of SRC4. The tables below shows the ceding commissions from the reinsurers excluding SRC1 and what was earned on a GAAP basis for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: Ironbound Reinsurance Company Limited ) Ascendant Re US Alliance Life and Security Company ) Crestline SP1 American Republic Insurance Company SRC4 (1) Includes: acquisition and administrative expenses, commission expense allowance and product development fees. The table below shows the ceding commissions deferred on each reinsurance transaction on a GAAP basis: Unified Life Insurance Company (1) Ironbound Reinsurance Company Limited (2) Ascendant Re US Alliance Life and Security Company (2) American Republic Insurance Company (2) Crestline SP1 (2) SRC4 (2) 1) These reinsurance transactions on our legacy life insurance business received gross ceding commissions on the effective dates of the transaction. The difference between the statutory net adjusted reserves and the GAAP adjusted reserves plus the elimination of DAC and value of business acquired related to these businesses reduces the gross ceding commission with the remaining deferred and amortized over the lifetime of the blocks of business. 2) These reinsurance transactions include the ceding commissions and expense allowances which are accounted for as described in (1). 
 
 F-35 

Table of Contents 
 contingency reserves were established. American Life expects to reinsure a significant portion of its new insurance policies with a variety of reinsurers in exchange for upfront ceding commissions, expense reimbursements and administrative fees. American Life may retain some business with the intent to reinsure some or all at a future date. Retained and Reinsured Balance Sheets Cash and cash equivalents Accrued investment income Deferred acquisition costs, net Reinsurance recoverables ) Other assets ) Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders Equity Liabilities: Policyholder liabilities Note payable Deferred gain on coinsurance transactions Payable for securities purchased Other liabilities ) Total liabilities Stockholders Equity: Voting common stock Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Total Midwest Holding Inc. s stockholders equity Noncontrolling interest Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 F-36 

Table of Contents 
 Capitalized costs Stock option granted Policy acquisition costs General business credits Derivative option allowance Sec 163(j) limitation Benefit reserves Property and equipment Impairments Unrealized losses on investments Other Total deferred tax assets Less valuation allowance ) ) Total deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance Deferred tax liabilities: Unrealized losses on investments Intangible assets Derivative option allowance Bond Discount Property and equipment ) Total deferred tax liabilities Net deferred tax assets At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded a valuation allowance of million and million, respectively, on the deferred tax assets to reduce the total to an amount that management believes will ultimately be realized. Realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon sufficient future taxable income during the period that deductible temporary differences and carry forwards are expected to be available to reduce taxable income. million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively . This differed from the amounts computed by applying the statutory U.S. federal income tax rate of to pretax income, as a result of the following: 

Year ended December 31, (In thousands) 2022 2021 Computed expected income tax benefit (expense) ) Reduction (increase) in income taxes resulting from: Interest maintenance reserve and reinsurance ) Nondeductible expenses ) ) Gain on sale of SRC1 ) Change in valuation allowance ) ) Amended Return - 2019/2020 ) Adjustment to payable Deferred tax adjustment Prior year true-up Subtotal of increases ) ) Tax benefit (expense) ) ) Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code limits the utilization of U.S. net operating loss NOL carryforwards following a change of control, which occurred on June 28, 2018. As of December 31, 2022, the deferred tax assets included the expected tax benefit attributable to federal NOLs of million. The federal NOLs generated by Midwest Holding and American Life prior to June 28, 2018 which are subject to the Section 382 limitation can be carried forward. If not utilized, the NOLs of million prior to 2017 will expire through the year of 2032. 
 F-37 

Table of Contents 
 million are subject to Section 382 limitations due to the change in control. However, under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017, they will not expire and can be carried forward indefinitely. The NOLs not subject to Section 382 which were generated from June 28, 2018 to December 31, 2022 do not expire and will carry forward indefinitely, however their utilization in any carry forward year is limited to of taxable income in that year. The Company believes that it is more likely than not that the benefit from federal NOL carryforwards will not be realized; thus, we have recorded a full valuation allowance of million on the deferred tax assets related to these federal NOL carryforwards. Liabilities Operating lease Operating lease liabilities 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 and after Total remaining lease payments 
 The cash flows related to operating leases was approximately million and less than million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The weighted average remaining lease terms of our operating leases were approximately eight and one half years and , respectively, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The weighted average discount rate used to determine the lease liabilities for operating leases was as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The discount rate used for operating leases was based on our incremental borrowing rate. 
 F-38 

Table of Contents 
 million shares of preferred stock authorized with issued or outstanding. Common Stock Our voting common stock is traded on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol MDWT. Midwest has authorized million shares of voting common stock and million shares of non-voting common stock. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, Midwest had and shares of voting common stock issued and outstanding, respectively. As of those dates, there were shares of Midwest s non-voting common stock issued or outstanding. Midwest holds approximately shares of voting common stock in its treasury due to a reverse stock split. Additional paid-in capital Additional paid-in capital is primarily comprised of the cumulative cash that exceeds the par value received by the Company in conjunction with past issuances of its shares. It also is increased by the amortization expense of the consideration calculated at inception of the stock option grants as discussed in Note 12 Long-Term Incentive Plans below. Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (AOCI) AOCI represents the cumulative other comprehensive income (loss) items that are reported separate from net loss and detailed on the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss. AOCI includes the unrealized gains and losses on investments and DAC, net of offsets and taxes as follows: Other comprehensive (loss) before reclassifications, net of tax ) Less: Reclassification adjustments for losses realized in net income ) Balance, December 31, 2021 Other comprehensive (loss) before reclassifications, net of tax ) Less: Reclassification adjustments for losses realized in net income, net of tax Balance, December 31, 2022 ) shares of MHI voting common stock for award issuances. It provides for the grant of options, restricted stock awards, restricted stock units, stock appreciation rights, performance units, performance bonuses, stock awards, and other incentive awards to eligible employees, consultants and eligible directors, subject to the conditions set forth in the 2019 Plan. In 2019, the shareholders of MHI approved the 2019 Plan. All awards are required to be established, approved, and/or granted by the Compensation Committee of the Board. In 2020, the Board adopted a new equity incentive plan titled the 2020 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the 2020 Plan that reserves up to shares of MHI voting common stock for award issuances. The terms of the 2020 Plan are essentially the same as the 2019 Plan. In 2021, the shareholders of MHI approved the 2020 Plan. During 2022, the Board approved the addition of shares of voting common stock to be added to the 2020 Plan for future awards and these shares were approved by the shareholders of MHI. 
 F-39 

Table of Contents) and generally expire in after the date of grant. The exercise price of the option is equal to the average daily market price of MHI s common stock on the date of grant resulting in a grant date intrinsic value of . Changes in outstanding options were as follows: - Granted - - Vested - - ) Exercised - - - - - Forfeited - ) ) ) Expired - ) - ) December 31, 2022 - Option information segregated by ranges of exercise prices were as follows: - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - The weighted average exercise prices of vested and exercisable options as of December 31, 2022 were . As of December 31, 2022, based on a closing stock price of per share, the aggregate intrinsic (in-the-money) values of vested options and all options outstanding were million and million, respectively. Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units In 2020, the Company awarded shares of restricted stock, and in 2021 it awarded restricted stock units RSUs ). The restricted stock award shares had a grant date fair value of per share and were subject to time-based vesting requirements of one-fourth increments sixty days after each of the first four anniversary dates of the grant date. The restricted stock compensation expense is calculated using the stock prices at grant date and amortizing on a straight-line basis over the requisite service periods. The recipient of the award resigned on March 31, 2022, and received a total of vested shares in connection with his termination of employment, while the remaining shares of restricted stock were forfeited. 
 F-40 

Table of Contents 
 RSUs were granted to our non-employee directors and had a grant date fair value of per share and vested on June 14, 2022, the date of the Company s 2022 annual meeting of stockholders. The compensation expense relating to these awards was calculated using the grant date fair value and is amortizing on a straight-line basis over the requisite service periods. On June 14, 2022, the Company granted RSUs to our non-employee directors with a grant date fair value of per share. The RSUs will vest at the earlier of the date of our 2023 annual meeting of stockholders or June 14, 2023. The compensation expense relating to these awards was calculated using the grant date fair value and is amortized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service periods. - - Granted - - Vested ) Forfeited ) - - Released ) - - December 31, 2022 The table below identifies the assumptions used in the Black Scholes Model to calculate the compensation expense: - - Weighted-average volatility Expected term (in years) - - Risk-free rate - - For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we amortized the compensation expense related to the 2019 and 2020 Plans, from the stock grants above, over vesting tranches which resulted in expense and an increase in additional paid in capital of less than million and million respectively. 
 F-41 

Table of Contents 
 Options granted Restricted stock units granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Ending Balance at December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 Stock Options Outstanding Weighted Average Grant-Date Fair Value Weighted Average Exercise Price Nonvested stock options and restricted stock unit awards at December 31, 2020 Options granted Restricted stock units granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Ending Balance at December 31, 2021 ) SRC1 ) SRC3 ) The following table represents the Capital and Surplus as filed in the statutory-basis annual statement with the Nebraska Department of Insurance for American Life and the Vermont Department of Insurance for SRC1 and SRC3: (In thousands) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 American Life SRC1 SRC3 
 F-42 

Table of Contents 
 SRC1 - SRC3 State insurance laws require American Life to maintain certain minimum capital and surplus amounts on a statutory basis. American Life is subject to regulations that restrict the payment of dividends from statutory surplus and may require prior approval from its domiciliary insurance regulatory authorities. American Life is also subject to risk-based capital RBC requirements that may further affect its ability to pay dividends. American Life s statutory capital and surplus as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, exceeded the amount of statutory capital and surplus necessary to satisfy regulatory requirements, including the RBC requirements as of those dates. As of December 31, 2020, American Life had an invested asset that was impaired as a result of the fair market of the underlying collateral being valued less that the book value. This was a non-admitted asset for statutory accounting purposes. This asset was held in our modified coinsurance account for Ironbound Reinsurance Company Limited so it was passed through to the third-party reinsurer through as a reduction of the investment income earned by the third-party reinsurer. As of March 31, 2021, this invested asset was sold for a loss of million that was passed through to the third-party reinsurer as a reduction of its investment income earned. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, American Life did not hold any participating policyholder contracts where dividends were required to be paid. million and million, respectively. Furthermore, as of December 31, 2022, 1505 Capital had million of third-party assets under management. shares of our voting common stock to Crestline. We contributed million of the net proceeds to American Life and used million of the proceeds to capitalize Seneca Re and its first protected cell. We also entered into a Stockholders Agreement along with Xenith and Vespoint that grants Crestline certain rights. Also, Douglas K. Bratton, a principal of Crestline, was appointed as a director of both our Board and the American Life Board of Directors. In addition, on April 24, 2020, American Life entered into a master letter agreement and related reinsurance, trust and asset management agreement with Seneca Re and a Crestline affiliate regarding the flow of annuity reinsurance and related asset management, whereby Crestline agreed to provide reinsurance funding for a quota share percentage of of the liabilities of American Life arising from its MYGA and quota share percentage of the liabilities of American Life arising from its FIA products. Through December 31, 2022, American Life had ceded million face amount of annuities to Crestline SP1. American Life received total ceding commissions of million and expense reimbursements of million in connection with these transactions for the year ended December 31, 2022. The Reinsurance Agreement also contains the following agreements: 
 F-43 

Table of Contents 
 million of the Company s assets under management and is a subadvisor on approximately million of additional investments. Chelsea On June 29, 2020, Midwest s subsidiary, American Life, purchased a interest in Financial Guaranty UK Limited through an economic interest in Chelsea Holdings Midwest LLC. American Life has a note receivable from Chelsea Holdings Midwest LLC with an interest rate of per annum that was rated BBB+ by a nationally recognized statistical rating organization NRSRO and Class B preferred shares in Chelsea Holdings Midwest LLC. This note is being carried at cost plus PIK of million, and the preferred shares are carried at a fair market value of million, based upon valuations received from an independent their-party, as of December 31, 2022. million as of December 31, 2022. Of the approximately million in unfunded commitments at December 31, 2022, approximately million related to American Life. The remaining million represented commitments that have been made by our reinsurance partners. The table shows when different dollar amounts of commitments will expire. The ability of borrowers to request additional funds under these lending agreements varies considerably from loan to loan. Due in two years Due in three years Due in four years Due in five years and after 
 Legal Proceedings: We are involved in litigation incidental to our operations from time to time. We are not presently a party to any legal proceedings other than litigation arising in the ordinary course of our business, and we are not aware of any claims that could materially affect our financial position or results of operations. Regulatory Matters: State regulatory bodies and other regulatory bodies regularly make inquiries and conduct examinations or investigations concerning the Company s compliance with laws in relation to, but not limited to, insurance and securities matters. American Life is licensed in states and the District of Columbia as of December 31, 2022 and has pending applications in additional states as of December 31, 2022. American Life was authorized to do business in Georgia on February 24, 2023. 
 F-44 

Table of Contents 
 MIDWEST HOLDING INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

I Summary of Investments Other Than Investments in Related Parties FS-46 II Condensed Financial Information of Registrant FS-47 III Supplementary Insurance Information FS-50 IV Reinsurance Information FS-51 V Valuation and Qualifying Accounts FS-52 
 F-45 

Table of Contents Schedule I 
 Foreign governments Mortgage-backed securities Asset-backed securities Collateralized loan obligations States and political subdivisions-general obligations States and political subdivisions-special revenue Corporate Term loans Trust preferred Redeemable preferred stock Total fixed maturity securities Mortgage loans on real estate, held for investment Derivatives Equity securities Other invested assets Preferred stock Deposits and notes payable Policy loans Total Investments 
 FS-46 

Table of Contents Schedule II 
 Preferred stock Cash and cash equivalents Notes receivable Property and equipment, net Right of use assets Other assets Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders Equity Liabilities: Notes payable Lease liability Accounts payable and accrued expenses Total liabilities Stockholders Equity: Preferred stock, par value; authorized shares; shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021 Voting common stock, par value; authorized shares; shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and at December 31, 2021, respectively; non-voting common stock, par value, shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively Additional paid-in capital Treasury stock ) ) Accumulated deficit ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income ) Total Midwest Holding Inc. s stockholders equity Noncontrolling interest Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity (1) eliminated in consolidation. 
 FS-47 

Table of Contents Schedule II (Continued) 
 Expenses: General Loss from continuing operations before taxes ) ) Income tax expense (See Note 9) ) Loss before equity in loss of consolidated subsidiaries ) ) Equity in loss of consolidated subsidiaries ) Net gain (loss) ) Less: gain (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest Net loss ) Comprehensive income: Unrealized gains on investments arising during period, net of tax ) ) Unrealized gains on foreign currency, net of tax Less: reclassification adjustment for net realized gains on investments ) Other comprehensive income, net of tax ) ) Comprehensive loss ) ) 
 FS-48 

Table of Contents Schedule II (Continued) 
 ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash and cash equivalents used in operating activities: Equity in net loss of consolidated subsidiaries Depreciation ) ) Stock options Net transfers to noncontrolling interest Other assets and liabilities ) Net cash used by operating activities ) ) Cash Flows from Investing Activities: Purchase of preferred stock ) Net (purchases) disposals of property and equipment ) Net cash used by investing activities ) Cash Flows from Financing Activities: Capital contributions to consolidated subsidiaries ) ) Notes payable Net transfers to noncontrolling interest ) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash and cash equivalents: Beginning Ending Supplementary information Cash paid for taxes 
 FS-49 

Table of Contents Schedule III 
 ) 

(In thousands) As of December 31, 2021 For the Year Ended December 31, 2021 Future Policy Death and Benefits, Deferred Other Benefits Claims and Gain on Net and Increase Other Deposit-type Advance Coinsurance Premium Investment in Benefit Operating Contracts Premiums Transaction Revenue Income Reserves Expenses Life Insurance 
 FS-50 

Table of Contents Schedule IV 
 Life insurance premiums Year ended December 31, 2021 Life insurance in force Life insurance premiums 
 FS-51 

Table of Contents Schedule V 
 Depreciation expense Disposals ) End of the year 
 FS-52 

<EX-10.34>
 2
 mdwt-20221231xex10d34.htm
 EX-10.34
 
 Exhibit 10.34
 CREDIT AGREEMENT
dated as of November 22, 2022
among
MIDWEST HOLDING INC.,
as Borrower,
THE LENDERS FROM TIME TO TIME PARTY HERETO,
ROYAL BANK OF CANADA,
as Administrative Agent,
ROYAL BANK OF CANADA,
as Collateral Agent,
_____________________________________
RBC CAPITAL MARKETS,
as Sole Lead Arranger and Sole Book Manager 

- i -
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Page
ARTICLE I
DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS
Section 1.01 Defined Terms...............................................................................................................1
Section 1.02 Other Interpretive Provisions ......................................................................................31
Section 1.03 Accounting Terms .......................................................................................................32
Section 1.04 Rounding .....................................................................................................................32
Section 1.05 Times of Day...............................................................................................................32
Section 1.06 Timing of Payment or Performance ............................................................................32
Section 1.07 Pro Forma Compliance................................................................................................33
Section 1.08 Compliance with this Agreement................................................................................33
Section 1.09 Foreign Currencies ......................................................................................................33
Section 1.10 Interest Rate; Benchmark Notification........................................................................34
Section 1.11 LLC Divisions .............................................................................................................34
ARTICLE II
THE COMMITMENTS AND LOANS
Section 2.01 Loans ...........................................................................................................................34
Section 2.02 Borrowings, Conversions and Continuations of Loans...............................................35
Section 2.03 Prepayments ................................................................................................................36
Section 2.04 Termination or Reduction of Commitments ...............................................................36
Section 2.05 Repayment of Loans....................................................................................................37
Section 2.06 Interest.........................................................................................................................37
Section 2.07 Fees..............................................................................................................................37
Section 2.08 Computation of Interest and Fees................................................................................38
Section 2.09 Evidence of Debt.........................................................................................................38
Section 2.10 Payments Generally; Administrative Agent s Clawback............................................38
Section 2.11 Sharing of Payments by Lenders.................................................................................40
Section 2.12 Defaulting Lenders......................................................................................................40
Section 2.13 Benchmark Replacement.............................................................................................42
ARTICLE III
TAXES, YIELD PROTECTION AND ILLEGALITY
Section 3.01 Taxes ...........................................................................................................................43
Section 3.02 Illegality.......................................................................................................................46
Section 3.03 Inability to Determine Rates........................................................................................47
Section 3.04 Increased Costs; Reserves on Term Benchmark Loans ..............................................47
Section 3.05 Compensation for Losses ............................................................................................48
Section 3.06 Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders .......................................................49
Section 3.07 Survival .......................................................................................................................50
ARTICLE IV
CONDITIONS PRECEDENT
Section 4.01 Conditions to Effectiveness.........................................................................................50 

Table of Contents (cont.)
Page
- ii -
Section 4.02 Conditions to all Borrowings ......................................................................................51
ARTICLE V
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
Section 5.01 Existence, Qualification and Power ............................................................................52
Section 5.02 Authorization; No Contravention................................................................................52
Section 5.03 Governmental Authorization; Other Consents............................................................52
Section 5.04 Execution and Delivery; Binding Effect .....................................................................52
Section 5.05 Financial Statements; No Material Adverse Effect.....................................................53
Section 5.06 Litigation .....................................................................................................................53
Section 5.07 No Default ...................................................................................................................53
Section 5.08 Property .......................................................................................................................53
Section 5.09 Taxes ...........................................................................................................................53
Section 5.10 Subsidiaries; Capitalization.........................................................................................54
Section 5.11 Disclosure....................................................................................................................54
Section 5.12 Compliance with Laws and Contractual Obligations..................................................54
Section 5.13 ERISA Compliance. ....................................................................................................54
Section 5.14 Environmental Matters................................................................................................54
Section 5.15 Margin Regulations .....................................................................................................55
Section 5.16 Investment Company Act............................................................................................55
Section 5.17 Anti-Corruption Laws, Sanctions and Beneficial Ownership Regulation ..................55
Section 5.18 Solvency ......................................................................................................................55
Section 5.19 Collateral .....................................................................................................................55
Section 5.20 EEA Financial Institutions ..........................................................................................56
Section 5.21 Insurance Licenses ......................................................................................................56
ARTICLE VI
AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS
Section 6.01 Financial Statements and Statutory Statements...........................................................56
Section 6.02 Certificates; Other Information ...................................................................................57
Section 6.03 Notices.........................................................................................................................58
Section 6.04 Preservation of Existence, Etc.....................................................................................59
Section 6.05 Maintenance of Properties...........................................................................................59
Section 6.06 Maintenance of Insurance ...........................................................................................59
Section 6.07 Payment of Tax Liabilities and Other Contractual Obligations..................................59
Section 6.08 Compliance with Laws................................................................................................60
Section 6.09 Books and Records......................................................................................................60
Section 6.10 Inspection Rights.........................................................................................................60
Section 6.11 Use of Proceeds...........................................................................................................60
Section 6.12 Additional Guarantors and Collateral..........................................................................60
Section 6.13 Further Assurances......................................................................................................62
ARTICLE VII
NEGATIVE COVENANTS
Section 7.01 Indebtedness ................................................................................................................63
Section 7.02 Liens ............................................................................................................................64
Section 7.03 Fundamental Changes .................................................................................................67 

Table of Contents (cont.)
Page
- iii -
Section 7.04 Restricted Payments ....................................................................................................68
Section 7.05 Transactions with Affiliates ........................................................................................68
Section 7.06 Certain Restrictive Agreements...................................................................................69
Section 7.07 Use of Proceeds...........................................................................................................70
Section 7.08 Change in Nature of Business .....................................................................................70
Section 7.09 Amendments to Organizational Documents................................................................70
Section 7.10 Asset Dispositions .......................................................................................................70
Section 7.11 Financial Covenants ....................................................................................................71
ARTICLE VIII
EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND REMEDIES
Section 8.01 Events of Default.........................................................................................................71
Section 8.02 Remedies Upon Event of Default................................................................................74
Section 8.03 Application of Funds...................................................................................................74
ARTICLE IX
ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND COLLATERAL AGENT
Section 9.01 Appointment and Authority.........................................................................................75
Section 9.02 Rights as a Lender .......................................................................................................75
Section 9.03 Exculpatory Provisions................................................................................................76
Section 9.04 Reliance by Administrative Agent ..............................................................................77
Section 9.05 Delegation of Duties....................................................................................................77
Section 9.06 Resignation and Removal of Administrative Agent....................................................77
Section 9.07 Non-Reliance on Agents and Other Lenders...............................................................78
Section 9.08 No Other Duties, Etc. ..................................................................................................78
Section 9.09 Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim ........................................................78
Section 9.10 Certain ERISA Matters. ..............................................................................................79
Section 9.11 Collateral and Guaranty Matters; Exercise of Remedies ............................................80
Section 9.12 Erroneous Payments....................................................................................................82
Section 9.13 Cash Management Agreements and Secured Hedging Agreements...........................84
ARTICLE X
MISCELLANEOUS
Section 10.01 Amendments, Etc. .......................................................................................................84
Section 10.02 Notices; Effectiveness; Electronic Communication....................................................86
Section 10.03 No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies; Enforcement.......................................................87
Section 10.04 Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver .......................................................................88
Section 10.05 Marshaling; Payments Set Aside.................................................................................91
Section 10.06 Successors and Assigns...............................................................................................91
Section 10.07 Treatment of Certain Information; Confidentiality.....................................................96
Section 10.08 Right of Setoff.............................................................................................................97
Section 10.09 Interest Rate Limitation...............................................................................................97
Section 10.10 Counterparts; Integration.............................................................................................97
Section 10.11 Survival of Representations and Warranties ...............................................................98
Section 10.12 Severability..................................................................................................................98
Section 10.13 Replacement of Lenders..............................................................................................98
Section 10.14 Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Etc................................................................................99 

Table of Contents (cont.)
Page
- iv -
Section 10.15 Waiver of Jury Trial ..................................................................................................100
Section 10.16 No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility .................................................................100
Section 10.17 Electronic Execution of Assignments and Certain Other Documents ......................101
Section 10.18 USA PATRIOT Act ..................................................................................................101
Section 10.19 Judgment Currency....................................................................................................101
Section 10.20 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In. ..............................................................102
Section 10.21 Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs. ..............................................102 

Table of Contents (cont.)
- iv -
Schedules:
Schedule 2.01 Commitments and Applicable Percentages
Schedule 5.10 Subsidiaries; Capitalization
Schedule 7.01 Existing Debt
Schedule 7.02 Existing Liens
Schedule 10.02 Administrative Agent s Office; Certain Addresses for Notices
Exhibits:
Exhibit A Form of Loan Notice
Exhibit B Form of Note
Exhibit C Form of Compliance Certificate
Exhibit D Form of Assignment and Assumption
Exhibit E-1 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate
Exhibit E-2 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate
Exhibit E-3 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate
Exhibit E-4 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate
Exhibit F Form of Guaranty
Exhibit G Form of Solvency Certificate
Exhibit H Form of Security Agreement
Exhibit I Form of Perfection Certificate 

CREDIT AGREEMENT
This CREDIT AGREEMENT (as may be amended, restated, amended and restated,
supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, this Agreement is entered into as of November
22, 2022 among Midwest Holding Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Borrower ), each lender from time to
time party hereto (collectively, the Lenders and individually, a Lender and Royal Bank of Canada, as
administrative agent (in such capacity, including any successor thereto, the Administrative Agent and as
collateral agent (in such capacity, including any successor thereto, the Collateral Agent ).
The Borrower has requested that the Lenders provide a revolving credit facility, and the
Lenders are willing to do so on the terms and conditions set forth herein. Accordingly, in consideration of
the mutual covenants and agreements herein contained, the parties hereto covenant and agree as follows:
ARTICLE I
DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS
Section 1.01 Defined Terms. As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the
meanings set forth below:
 Accounting Change has the meaning specified in Section 1.03(b).
 Act has the meaning specified in Section 10.18.
 Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR means an interest rate per annum equal to (a) the Daily
Simple SOFR, plus (b) the SOFR Adjustment; provided that if the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR as so
determined would be less than the Floor, such rate shall be deemed to be equal to the Floor for the purposes
of this Agreement.
 Adjusted Term SOFR Rate means, with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing
denominated in Dollars for any Interest Period, an interest rate per annum equal to (a) the Term SOFR Rate
for such Interest Period, plus (b) the SOFR Adjustment; provided that if the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate as
so determined would be less than the Floor, such rate shall be deemed to be equal to the Floor for the
purposes of this Agreement.
 Administrative Agent means RBC in its capacity as administrative agent under any of
the Loan Documents.
 Administrative Agent s Office means the Administrative Agent s address and, as
appropriate, account as set forth on Schedule 10.02, or such other address or account as the Administrative
Agent may from time to time notify to the Borrower and the Lenders.
 Administrative Questionnaire means an Administrative Questionnaire in a form
acceptable to the Administrative Agent.
 Affected Financial Institution means (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any U.K.
Financial Institution.
 Affiliate means, with respect to a specified Person, another Person that directly, or
indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled by or is under common Control
with the Person specified. 

- 2 -
 Agents the collective reference to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent and
 Agent shall mean any of them.
 Agent Parties has the meaning specified in Section 10.02(c).
 Agent-Related Persons means the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent,
together with their respective Affiliates (including, in the case of RBC in its capacity as the Administrative
Agent or the Collateral Agent, RBC Capital Markets), and the partners, officers, directors, employees,
agents and advisors of such Persons and Affiliates.
 Aggregate Commitments means, as of the date of any determination, the Commitments
of all of the Lenders then in effect. As of the date hereof, the Aggregate Commitments equal 30,000,000.
 Agreement means this Credit Agreement (as may from time to time be amended,
restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time).
 Anti-Corruption Laws means all laws, rules and regulations of any jurisdiction
applicable to the Borrower or its Subsidiaries from time to time concerning or relating to bribery or
corruption.
 Applicable Insurance Code means, as to any Insurance Company, the insurance code or
other insurance statute of any jurisdiction where such Insurance Company is domiciled and any successor
statute of similar import, together with regulations thereunder, as amended or otherwise modified and in
effect from time to time.
 Applicable Insurance Regulatory Authority means, with respect to any Insurance
Company, the insurance commission or similar Governmental Authority which regulates insurance
companies located in the jurisdiction in which such Insurance Company is domiciled.
 Applicable Percentage means, with respect to any Lender at any time, the percentage
(carried out to the ninth decimal place) of the Aggregate Commitments represented by such Lender s
Commitment at such time, subject to adjustment as provided in this Agreement, including Section 2.12. If
the commitment of each Lender to make Loans has been terminated pursuant to Section 8.02 or if the
Aggregate Commitments have expired, then the Applicable Percentage of each Lender shall be determined
based on the Applicable Percentage of such Lender most recently in effect, giving effect to any subsequent
assignments. The initial Applicable Percentage of each Lender is set forth opposite the name of such Lender
on Schedule 2.01 or in the Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which such Lender becomes a party
hereto, as applicable.
 Applicable Rate means, from time to time, the following percentages per annum, based
upon the Consolidated Debt to Capitalization Ratio as set forth below:
Pricing Level Consolidated
Debt to
Capitalization
Ratio
Term SOFR
Rate
Base Rate Commitment
Fee
1 >25 4.25 3.25 0.600 
2
> 15 and 

- 3 -
3 15 3.50 2.50 0.500 
Initially, the Applicable Rate shall be set at Pricing Level 3. Thereafter, each change in
the Applicable Rate resulting from a change in the Consolidated Debt to Capitalization Ratio shall be
effective on the date of the delivery of the Compliance Certificate for the applicable fiscal quarter and
ending on the date immediately preceding the effective date of the next such change.
 Approved Fund means with respect to any Lender, any Person (other than a natural
Person) that (a) is engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans and
similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its business and (b) is administered, advised or
managed by (i) such Lender, (ii) any Affiliate of such Lender or (iii) any Person or any Affiliate of any
Person that administers, advises or manages such Lender.
 Arranger means RBC Capital Markets,1
 in its capacities as sole lead arranger and sole
book manager.
 Assignment and Assumption means an assignment and assumption entered into by a
Lender and an Eligible Assignee (with the consent of any party whose consent is required by
Section 10.06(b)), and accepted by the Administrative Agent, in substantially the form of Exhibit D or any
other form approved by the Administrative Agent.
 Audited Financial Statements means the audited consolidated balance sheets of the
Borrower and its subsidiaries as of December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, and the related consolidated
statements of income and cash flows of the Borrower and its subsidiaries prepared in accordance with
GAAP, including the notes thereto, in each case as most recently delivered prior to the Effective Date.
 Authorized Control Level Risk-Based Capital means, with respect to an Insurance
Company and as of a date of determination, the Authorized Control Level Risk-Based Capital, or
equivalent term, as defined in the Applicable Insurance Code of the state in which such Insurance Company
is domiciled, as reflected in such Insurance Company s Statutory Statement as of such date of
determination.
 Availability Period means the period from and including the Effective Date to the earliest
of (i) the Commitment Termination Date, (ii) the date of termination of the Aggregate Commitments
pursuant to Section 2.04 and (iii) the date of termination of the commitment of each Lender pursuant to
Section 8.02.
 Available Tenor means, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark, as applicable, (x) if such Benchmark is a term rate, any tenor for such Benchmark (or
component thereof) that is or may be used for determining the length of an Interest Period pursuant to this
Agreement or (y) otherwise, any payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark
(or component thereof) that is or may be used for determining any frequency of making payments of interest
calculated with reference to such Benchmark, in each case, as of such date, and not including, for the
avoidance of doubt, any tenor for such Benchmark that is then-removed from the definition of Interest
Period pursuant to clause (d) of Section 2.13.
1 RBC Capital Markets is a brand name for the capital markets businesses of Royal Bank of Canada and its
affiliates. 

- 4 -
 Bail-In Action means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the
applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution.
 Bail-In Legislation means (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing
Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union,
the implementing law, regulation rule or requirement for such EEA Member Country from time to time that
is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of
the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United
Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial
institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency
proceedings).
 Bankruptcy Code means Title 11 of the United States Code entitled Bankruptcy. 
 Base Rate means for any day a fluctuating rate per annum equal to the highest of (i) the
Federal Funds Rate plus 1/2 of 1 , (ii) the Prime Rate, and (iii) the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate for a term
of one month plus 1.00 ; provided that to the extent such highest rate as calculated above shall, at any
time, be less than the 0 , such rate shall be deemed to be 0 for all purposes herein. Any change in the
Base Rate due to a change in the Prime Rate, the Federal Funds Rate or Adjusted Term SOFR Rate shall
be effective on the opening of business on the day specified in the public announcement of such change in
the Prime Rate, the Federal Funds Rate or Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, respectively.
 Base Rate Loan means a Loan that bears interest based on the Base Rate.
 Benchmark means, initially, with respect to any Term Benchmark Loan, the Adjusted
Term SOFR Rate; provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event, and the related Benchmark Replacement
Date have occurred with respect to the Term SOFR Rate or the then-current Benchmark, then Benchmark 
means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced
such prior benchmark rate pursuant to clause (a) of Section 2.13.
 Benchmark Replacement means, for any Available Tenor, the first alternative set forth
in the order below that can be determined by the Administrative Agent for the applicable Benchmark
Replacement Date:
(1) the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR;
(2) the sum of: (a) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by the Administrative Agent
and the Borrower as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding
Tenor giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or
the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body or (ii) any evolving or
then-prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark rate as a replacement for the then-current
Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time in the United States and
(b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;
If the Benchmark Replacement as determined pursuant to clause (1) or (2) above would be less
than the Floor, the Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be the Floor for the purposes of this
Agreement and the other Loan Documents.
 Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means, with respect to any replacement of the
then-current Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for any applicable Interest Period
and Available Tenor for any setting of such Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement, the spread adjustment, 

- 5 -
or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value
or zero) that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower for the applicable
Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a spread
adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such
Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body
on the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date and/or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market
convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread
adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark
Replacement for dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time.
 Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes means, with respect to either the use or
administration of any Term Benchmark Loan or the use, administration, adoption or implementation of any
Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the
definition of Base Rate, the definition of Business Day, the definition of U.S. Government Securities
Business Day, the definition of Interest Period, or any similar analogous definition (or the addition of a
concept of interest period ), timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest,
timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, the applicability and
length of lookback periods, the applicability of Section 2.13 and other technical, administrative or
operational matters) that the Administrative Agent, in consultation with the Borrower, decides may be
appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of such rate or to permit the use and administration
thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the
Administrative Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively
feasible or if the Administrative Agent determines that no market practice for the administration of any
such rate exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent decides, in consultation
with the Borrower, is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the
other Loan Documents).
 Benchmark Replacement Date means, with respect to any Benchmark, the earliest to
occur of the following events with respect to such then-current Benchmark:
(1) in the case of clause (1) or (2) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the later of
(a) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date on
which the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof)
permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component
thereof); or
(2) in the case of clause (3) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the first date on
which such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) has been determined
and announced by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or the
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) to be non-representative or non-compliant with or non-aligned with the IOSCO Principles; provided, that such non-representativeness, non-compliance or non-alignment will be determined by reference to the most recent
statement or publication referenced in such clause (c) and even if any Available Tenor of such Benchmark
(or such component thereof) continues to be provided on such date.
For the avoidance of doubt, (i) if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs
on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark
Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination and
(ii) the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred in the case of clause (1) or (2)
with respect to any Benchmark upon the occurrence of the applicable event or events set forth therein with 

- 6 -
respect to all then-current Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the
calculation thereof).
 Benchmark Transition Event means, with respect to any Benchmark, the occurrence of
one or more of the following events with respect to such then-current Benchmark:
(1) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such
Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator
has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof),
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor
administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component
thereof);
(2) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the
administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof), the Board
of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, the SOFR Administrator, the CME Term SOFR
Administrator, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such
component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such
component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for
such Benchmark (or such component), in each case, which states that the administrator of such Benchmark
(or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such
component thereof) permanently or indefinitely; provided that, at the time of such statement or publication,
there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark
(or such component thereof); or
(3) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such
Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) or the regulatory supervisor for
the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof)
announcing that all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) are no longer, or as
of a specified future date will no longer be, representative or in compliance with or aligned with the IOSCO
Principles.
For the avoidance of doubt, a Benchmark Transition Event will be deemed to have occurred with
respect to any Benchmark if a public statement or publication of information set forth above has occurred
with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or the published component used in
the calculation thereof).
 Benchmark Unavailability Period means, with respect to any Benchmark, the period (if
any) (x) beginning at the time that a Benchmark Replacement Date has occurred if, at such time, no
Benchmark Replacement has replaced such then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under
any Loan Document in accordance with Section 2.13 and (y) ending at the time that a Benchmark
Replacement has replaced such then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan
Document in accordance with Section 2.13.
 Beneficial Ownership Certification means a beneficial ownership certificate under the
Beneficial Ownership Regulation, which certificate shall be in the form of Appendix A to the Beneficial
Ownership Regulation.
 Beneficial Ownership Regulation means 31 C.F.R. Section 1010.230. 

- 7 -
 Benefit Plan means any of (a) an employee benefit plan (as defined in ERISA) that is
subject to Title I of ERISA, (b) a plan as defined in and subject to Section 4975 of the Code or (c) any
Person whose assets include (for purposes of ERISA Section 3(42) or otherwise for purposes of Title I of
ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) the assets of any such employee benefit plan or plan. 
 Borrower has the meaning specified in the preamble.
 Borrower Materials has the meaning specified in Section 6.02.
 Borrowing means a borrowing consisting of simultaneous Loans of the same Type made,
converted or continued on the same date and, in the case of Term Benchmark Loans, as to which a single
Interest Period is in effect.
 Business Day means any day that is not a Saturday, Sunday or other day which is a legal
holiday under the laws of the State of New York or is a day on which banking institutions in the State of
New York are authorized or required by Law to close; provided that, in relation to RFR Loans or Term
Benchmark Loans and any interest rate settings, fundings, disbursements, settlements or payments of any
such RFR Loan or Term Benchmark Loan, as applicable, or any other dealings of such RFR Loan or such
Term Benchmark Loan, as applicable, any such day that is only a U.S. Government Securities Business
Day.
 Capital Lease of any Person means any lease of (or other arrangement conveying the
right to use) property (whether real, personal or mixed) by such Person as lessee which would, in accordance
with GAAP (subject to Section 1.03(a), as in effect as of the date hereof), be required to be accounted for
as a capital lease on the balance sheet of such Person.
 Capitalized Lease Obligations means, subject to Section 1.03(a), as of any date of
determination in respect of any Capital Lease of any Person, the capitalized amount thereof that would
appear on a balance sheet of such Person prepared as of such date in accordance with GAAP.
 Cash Management Agreement means any agreement or arrangement to provide Cash
Management Services to the Borrower or any Subsidiary.
 Cash Management Services means any treasury and/or cash management services,
including, without limitation, treasury, depository, custodial, overdraft, credit, commercial purchase card,
purchasing or debit card, non-card e-payable services, electronic funds transfer, treasury management
services (including controlled disbursement services, overdraft, automatic clearing house, transfer of funds
services or arrangements or similar services and arrangements, return items and interstate depository
network services, SWIFT), other demand deposit or operating account relationships, foreign exchange
facilities, and merchant services.
 CFC means an entity treated as a controlled foreign corporation for US federal income
tax purposes
 Change in Law means the occurrence, after the date of this Agreement, of any of the
following: (i) the adoption or taking effect of any Law; (ii) any change in any Law or in the administration,
interpretation, implementation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority; or (iii) the issuance
or publication of any request, rule, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) by any
Governmental Authority; provided that notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (x) the Dodd-Frank
Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines or directives thereunder
or issued in connection therewith and (y) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the 

Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or
similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III,
shall in each case be deemed to be a Change in Law, regardless of the date enacted, adopted or issued.
 Change of Control means:
(i) any sale or transfer by the Borrower or its Subsidiaries of sixty-five percent
(65 or more of the assets of the Borrower and all of its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, or
(ii) any person or group (as such terms are used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d)
of the Exchange Act, but excluding any employee benefit plan of such person or group and its
subsidiaries and any person or entity acting in its capacity as a trustee, agent or other fiduciary or
administrator of any such plan), becomes the owner, directly or indirectly, of Voting Securities
representing more than thirty five percent (35 of the voting power of the Voting Securities of
the Borrower.
 CME Term SOFR Administrator means CME Group Benchmark Administration
Limited as administrator of the forward-looking term Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) (or a
successor administrator as selected by the Administrative Agent in its sole reasonable discretion in
consultation with the Borrower).
 Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986.
 Collateral means all property and interests in property and proceeds thereof now owned
or hereafter acquired by the Borrower or any Guarantor in or upon which a Lien is granted or purported to
be granted pursuant to any Loan Document, which shall exclude any Excluded Property.
 Collateral Agent has the meaning specified in the preamble to this Agreement.
 Commitment means, as to each Lender, its obligation to make Loans to the Borrower
pursuant to Section 2.01 in an aggregate principal amount at any one time outstanding not to exceed the
amount set forth opposite such Lender s name on Schedule 2.01 or in the Assignment and Assumption
pursuant to which such Lender becomes a party hereto, as applicable, as such amount may be adjusted from
time to time in accordance with this Agreement.
 Commitment Termination Date means the earlier of November 22, 2025 (provided,
however, that if such date is not a Business Day, the Commitment Termination Date shall be the next
preceding Business Day).
 Compliance Certificate means a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit C.
 Connection Income Taxes means Other Connection Taxes that are imposed on or
measured by net income (however denominated) or that are franchise Taxes or branch profits Taxes.
 Consolidated Debt to Capitalization Ratio means, as of any date of determination for any
Person, the ratio of (i) Consolidated Total Debt of such Person as of such date to (ii) the sum of (A)
Consolidated Net Worth of such Person as of such date plus (B) Consolidated Total Debt of such Person as
of such date.
 Consolidated Net Operating Income means, as of any date of determination for any
Person, the aggregate of the operating net income (loss) of such Person and its Subsidiaries, determined on
- 8 - 

- 9 -
a consolidated basis as of such date (excluding (a) any accumulated other comprehensive income balance
according to Financial Accounting Standard Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic 810 
Consolidation and (b) changes in embedded derivatives associated with modified coinsurance or funds
withheld reinsurance arrangements).
 Consolidated Net Worth means, as of any date of determination for any Person, the
remainder of (a) consolidated assets (excluding (i) any accumulated other comprehensive income balance
according to Financial Accounting Standard Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic 810 
Consolidation, (ii) embedded derivatives associated with modified coinsurance or funds withheld
reinsurance agreements as a result of the application of FASB Derivatives Implementation Group Statement
133 Implementation Issue No. 36 (DIG B36) and (iii) amounts attributable to any minority or non-controlling interests) as of such date, minus (b) all consolidated liabilities as of such date. Unless otherwise
specified, Consolidated Net Worth shall refer to the Consolidated Net Worth of the Borrower and its
Subsidiaries.
 Consolidated Total Assets means, as of any date of determination for any Person, the net
book value of all assets of such Person and its Subsidiaries, determined on a consolidated basis as of such
date (which, for the avoidance of doubt, will be calculated inclusive of any amount attributable to any
minority or non-controlling interest). Unless otherwise specified, Consolidated Total Assets shall refer
to the Consolidated Total Assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries.
 Consolidated Total Debt means, as of any date of determination for any Person, all Debt
of such Person and its Subsidiaries of the type described in any or all of clauses (a), (b), (c), (d), (g), (h) and
(i) of the definition of the term Debt (but as to clause (h) thereof, only to the extent that it is an unpaid
obligation in respect of a letter of credit or letter of guaranty that is then due and payable and not contingent);
provided that Consolidated Total Debt shall exclude, without duplication, (i) commission financing to the
extent incurred prior to the Effective Date, and (ii) loans made to any insurance company by an FHLB, (iii)
any subordinated debt and (iv) for the avoidance of doubt, any items excluded from the definition of Debt .
Unless otherwise specified, Consolidated Total Debt shall refer to the Consolidated Total Debt of the
Borrower and its Subsidiaries.
 Contractual Obligation means, as to any Person, any provision of any security issued by
such Person or of any agreement, instrument or other undertaking to which such Person is a party or by
which it or any of its property is bound.
 Control means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the
direction of the management or policies of a Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power,
by contract or otherwise. Controlling and Controlled have meanings correlative thereto.
 Corresponding Tenor with respect to any Available Tenor means, as applicable, either a
tenor (including overnight) or an interest payment period having approximately the same length
(disregarding business day adjustment) as such Available Tenor.
 Daily Simple SOFR means, for any day (a SOFR Rate Day ), a rate per annum equal
to SOFR for the day (such day, a SOFR Determination Date that is five (5) U.S. Government Securities
Business Day prior to (i) if such SOFR Rate Day is a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, such SOFR
Rate Day or (ii) if such SOFR Rate Day is not a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the U.S.
Government Securities Business Day immediately preceding such SOFR Rate Day, in each case, as SOFR
is published by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR Administrator s Website; provided, however, that if
as of 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on any SOFR Determination Date, Daily Simple SOFR for the
applicable tenor has not been published by the SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date 

- 10 -
with respect to Daily Simple SOFR has not occurred, then Daily Simple SOFR will be the Daily Simple
SOFR as published by the SOFR Administrator on the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business
Day for which Daily Simple SOFR was published by the SOFR Administrator so long as such first
preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than five (5) U.S. Government Securities
Business Days prior to such SOFR Determination Date. Any change in Daily Simple SOFR due to a change
in SOFR shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in SOFR without notice to
the Borrower.
 Debt means, as to any Person at a particular time, without duplication, all of the
following:
(a) all obligations of such person for borrowed money;
(b) all obligations of such person evidenced by bond, debentures, notes or similar
instruments;
(c) all obligations of such person under conditional sale or other title retention agreements
relating to property acquired by such person;
(d) all obligation of such person in respect of deferred purchase price of property or services
(excluding current accounts payable incurred in the ordinary course of business);
(e) all Debt of other secured by any lien on property owned by such person, whether or not
the debt secured thereby has been assumed; provided that the amount of any debt of others that constitutes
debt of such person solely by reason of this clause (e) shall not for purposes of the Revolving Credit Facility
exceed the lesser of (x) the fair market value of the properties subject to such lien and (y) the amount of
debt secured thereby;
(f) all guarantees by such person of Debt of others;
(g) all capital lease obligations of such person;
(h) all unpaid obligations, contingent or otherwise, of such person as an account party in
respect of letters of credit and letters of guaranty (other than cash collateralized letters of credit to secure
the performance of workers compensation, unemployment insurance, other social security laws or
regulations, bids, trade contract, leases, environmental and other statutory obligations, surety and appeal
bonds, performance bond and other obligations of a like nature, in each case, obtained in the ordinary course
of business);
(i) current redeemable equity;
(j) all obligations, contingent or otherwise, of such person in respect of bankers 
acceptance, and
(k) solely for purposes of Section 7.01 and the definition of the term Threshold Amount ,
all obligations in respect of Swap Contracts calculated in the manner described below, other than
obligations permitted at any Insurance Company in respect of transactions (i) that are income generation
transactions made in accordance with the income generation transaction rules set forth in the NAIC rules,
as such rules are in effect at the time of the applicable transaction or (ii) to replicate assets that would be
admissible on the balance sheet of any insurance company organized under the laws of one of the states of 

- 11 -
the United States of America in accordance with the replication synthetic asset transaction rules set forth in
the NAIC rules, as such rules are in effect at the time of the applicable transaction;
provided that: Debt shall exclude the following:
(I) obligations with respect to insurance policies, annuities, guaranteed investment contracts
and similar products underwritten by, or Reinsurance Agreements or Retrocession
Agreements entered into by, an Insurance Company in the ordinary course of business;
(II) obligations with respect to surplus relief reinsurance ceded by an Insurance Company;
(III) obligations in the ordinary course of business to purchase securities that arise out of or in
connection with the sale of the same or substantially similar securities or to return collateral
consisting of securities arising out of or in connection with the loan of the same or
substantially similar securities;
(IV) unspent cash deposits or securities held in escrow by or in favor of such Person, or in a
segregated deposit or securities account, as applicable, controlled by such Person, in each
case in the ordinary course of business to secure the performance obligations of, or
damages owing from, one or more third parties;
(V) any indebtedness under any overdraft or other cash management facilities so long as any
such indebtedness is repaid in full no later than five (5) Business Days following the date
on which it was incurred or, in the case of such indebtedness in respect of credit or purchase
cards, within 60 days of its incurrence;
(VI) except as provided in clause (g) above, any obligations in respect of a lease properly
classified as an operating lease in accordance with GAAP;
(VII) any liability for federal, state, local or other Taxes not yet delinquent or being contested in
good faith and for which adequate reserves have been established to the extent required by
GAAP;
(VIII) any customer deposits or advance payments received in the ordinary course of business;
(IX) the following obligations issued or undertaken in connection with one or more Regulatory
Capital Transactions:
(A) Reserve Financing Notes;
(B) any securities backed by such Reserve Financing Notes by an entity formed in
connection with a Statutory Reserve Financing;
(C) letters of credit issued for the account of any Statutory Reserve Subsidiary of the
Borrower;
(D) reimbursement obligations of any statutory reserve;
(E) any guarantees by the Borrower of the obligations described in clause (A), (B),
(C) or (D) above;
(F) reimbursement obligations of the Borrower; or 

- 12 -
(G) capital maintenance or similar obligations of the Borrower in favor of any
Special Purpose Subsidiary; and
(X) any portion of Debt that S P s guidelines would exclude from financial leverage or treat
as a hybrid capital instrument, in each case, in accordance with S P s guidelines in effect
as of the Effective Date.
The Debt of any Person shall include the Debt of any other entity (including any partnership in which such
person is a general partner) to the extent that such Person is liable therefor pursuant to law or judicial
holding as a result of such Person s ownership interest in or other relationship with such entity, except to
the extent that contractual provisions binding on the holder of such Debt provide that such Person is not
liable therefor;. The principal amount of the obligations of the Borrower or any Subsidiary in respect of
any hedging agreement at any time will be the maximum aggregate amount (after giving effect to any
netting agreements) that the Borrower or such Subsidiary would be required to pay if such hedging
agreement were terminated at such time.
 Debt Fund Affiliated Lender means, with respect to any Person, an Affiliate of such
Person that is primarily engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans
and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of business and for which no personnel involved with
the investment in any such Person (x) makes (or has the right to make or participates with others in making)
any investment decisions or (y) has access to any information (other than information that is publicly
available) relating to the Borrower or any entity that forms a part of the Borrower s business (including its
Subsidiaries of the Borrower).
 Debtor Relief Laws means the Bankruptcy Code, and all other liquidation,
conservatorship, bankruptcy, assignment for the benefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement,
receivership, rehabilitation, insolvency, reorganization, or similar debtor relief Laws of the United States,
Bermuda or other applicable jurisdictions from time to time in effect and affecting the rights of creditors
generally.
 Default means any event or condition that constitutes an Event of Default or that, with
the giving of any notice, the passage of time, or both, would be an Event of Default.
 Default Rate means an interest rate equal to (i) the Base Rate plus (ii) the Applicable
Rate, if any, applicable to Base Rate Loans plus (iii) 2.00 per annum; provided, however, that with respect
to a Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan (so long as it remains such Type of Loan), as applicable, the
Default Rate shall be an interest rate equal to the interest rate (including any Applicable Rate) otherwise
applicable to such Loan plus 2.00 per annum.
 Defaulting Lender means at any time, subject to Section 2.12(b), (i) any Lender that has
failed for two or more Business Days to comply with its obligations under this Agreement to make a Loan
or make any other payment due hereunder (each, a Funding Obligation ), (ii) any Lender that has notified
the Administrative Agent or the Borrower in writing, or has stated publicly, that it does not intend to comply
with its Funding Obligations hereunder, (iii) any Lender that has, for three or more Business Days after
written request of the Administrative Agent or the Borrower, failed to confirm in writing to the
Administrative Agent and the Borrower that it will comply with its prospective Funding Obligations
hereunder (provided that such Lender will cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (iii) upon
the Administrative Agent s and the Borrower s receipt of such written confirmation), (iv) any Lender with
respect to which a Lender Insolvency Event has occurred and is continuing with respect to such Lender or
its Parent Company or (v) any Lender that has become the subject of a Bail-In Action; provided that a
Lender shall not be a Defaulting Lender solely by virtue of the ownership or acquisition of any Equity 

- 13 -
Interest in that Lender or any direct or indirect parent company thereof by a Governmental Authority so
long as such ownership interest does not result in or provide such Lender with immunity from the
jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment
on its assets or permit such Lender (or such Governmental Authority) to reject, repudiate, disavow or
disaffirm any contracts or agreements made with such Lender. Any determination by the Administrative
Agent that a Lender is a Defaulting Lender under any of clauses (i) through (iv) above will be conclusive
and binding absent manifest error, and such Lender will be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender (subject to
Section 2.12(b)) upon notification of such determination by the Administrative Agent to the Borrower and
the Lenders.
 Dollar and means lawful money of the United States.
 Domestic Subsidiary means any Subsidiary that is organized under the Laws of the
United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia.
 EEA Financial Institution means (a) any credit institution or investment firm established
in any EEA Member Country that is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any
entity established in an EEA Member Country that is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of
this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country that is a subsidiary
of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision
with its parent.
 EEA Member Country means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland,
Liechtenstein, and Norway.
 EEA Resolution Authority means any public administrative authority or any Person
entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having
responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution.
 Effective Date means the date on which this Agreement becomes effective in accordance
with Section 4.01.
 Eligible Assignee means any Person that meets the requirements to be an assignee under
Sections 10.06(b)(iii) and 10.06(b)(v) (subject to such consents, if any, as may be required under Section
10.06(b)(iii)).
 Embargoed Jurisdiction means any country, territory or region that is the subject of a
comprehensive embargo under applicable Sanctions, as modified from time to time by relevant
Governmental Authorities.
 Engagement Letter means the Engagement Letter, dated 18, 2022, between the Borrower
and RBC relating to this Agreement.
 Environmental Laws means any and all federal, state, local, and foreign statutes, Laws,
regulations, ordinances, rules, judgments, orders, decrees, permits, concessions, grants, franchises, licenses,
agreements or binding governmental restrictions, including all common law, relating to pollution and the
protection of the environment or the release of any materials into the environment, including those related
to hazardous substances or wastes, air emissions and discharges to waste or public systems.
 Equity Interests means, as to any Person, all of the shares of capital stock of (or other
ownership or profit interests in) such Person, all of the warrants, options or other rights for the purchase or 

- 14 -
acquisition from such Person of shares of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such
Person, all of the securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares of capital stock of (or other
ownership or profit interests in) such Person or warrants, rights or options for the purchase or acquisition
from such Person of such shares (or such other interests), and all of the other ownership or profit interests
in such Person (including partnership, member or trust interests therein), whether voting or nonvoting, and
whether or not such shares, warrants, options, rights or other interests are outstanding on any date of
determination.
 ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974.
 ERISA Affiliate means any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) under
common control with the Borrower within the meaning of Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code (and Sections
414(m) and (o) of the Code for purposes of provisions relating to Section 412 of the Code or Section 302
of ERISA).
 ERISA Event means: (i) a Reportable Event with respect to a Pension Plan; (ii) the
failure by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate to meet all applicable requirements under the Pension
Funding Rules or the filing of an application for the waiver of the minimum funding standards under the
Pension Funding Rules; (iii) the incurrence by the Borrower (including on account of an ERISA Affiliate)
of any liability pursuant to Section 4063 or 4064 of ERISA or a cessation of operations with respect to a
Pension Plan within the meaning of Section 4062(e) of ERISA; (iv) a complete or partial withdrawal by the
Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate from a Multiemployer Plan which results in liability to the Borrower or
notification that a Multiemployer Plan is insolvent (within the meaning of Title IV of ERISA); (v) the filing
of a notice of intent to terminate a Pension Plan under, or the treatment of a Pension Plan amendment as a
termination under, Section 4041 of ERISA; (vi) the institution by the PBGC of proceedings to terminate a
Pension Plan; (vii) to the extent any Pension Plan exists, any event or condition which would reasonably
be expected to result, under Section 4042 of ERISA, in the termination of, or the appointment of a trustee
to administer, any Pension Plan; (viii) the determination that any Pension Plan is in at-risk status (within
the meaning of Section 430 of the Code or Section 303 of ERISA) or that a Multiemployer Plan is in
endangered or critical status (within the meaning of Section 432 of the Code or Section 305 of ERISA);
(ix) the imposition or incurrence of any material liability under Title IV of ERISA, other than for PBGC
premiums due but not delinquent under Section 4007 of ERISA, upon the Borrower (including on account
of an ERISA Affiliate); (x) the imposition of a lien upon the Borrower pursuant to Section 430(k) of the
Code or Section 303(k) of ERISA.
 Erroneous Payment has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.12(a).
 Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.12(d).
 EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published
by the Loan Market Association (or any successor person), as in effect from time to time.
 Event of Default has the meaning specified in Section 8.01.
 Excluded Property has the meaning assigned to it in the Security Agreement.
 Excluded Subsidiary means any Subsidiary of the Borrower:
(a) that is prohibited by applicable law or contractual obligations existing on the date of
this Agreement (or, in the case of any newly acquired Subsidiary, in existence at the time of acquisition but
not entered into in contemplation thereof) from guaranteeing, or granting Liens to secure, the Obligations 

- 15 -
or if guaranteeing, or granting Liens to secure, the Obligations would require governmental (including
regulatory) consent, approval, license or authorization unless such consent, approval, license or
authorization has been received, including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Insurance Company;
(b) with respect to which the Borrower and the Administrative Agent reasonably agree that
the burden or cost or other consequences of providing a guarantee of the Obligations shall be excessive in
view of the benefits to be obtained by the Lenders therefrom;
(c) any direct or indirect Domestic Subsidiary has no material assets other than equity (or
equity and debt) of one or more Foreign Subsidiaries that are CFCs (a CFC Holdco );
(d) any Domestic Subsidiary that is a direct or indirect Subsidiary of (a) an Insurance
Company or (b) a Foreign Subsidiary that is a CFC or a CFC Holdco; or
(e) solely in the case of any obligation under any Secured Hedging Agreement that
constitutes a swap within the meaning of section 1(a)(47) of the Commodity Exchange Act, any
Subsidiary of the Borrower that is not an Eligible Contract Participant as defined under the Commodity
Exchange Act.
 Excluded Swap Obligation means, with respect to any Guarantor, any obligations in
respect of Swap Contracts if, and to the extent that, all or a portion of the Guarantee of such Guarantor of,
or the grant by such Guarantor of a security interest to secure, such obligations (or any Guarantee thereof)
is or becomes illegal under the Commodity Exchange Act or any rule, regulation or order of the Commodity
Futures Trading Commission (or the application or official interpretation of any thereof) by virtue of such
Guarantor s failure for any reason to constitute an eligible contract participant as defined in the
Commodity Exchange Act and the regulations thereunder at the time the guaranty of such Guarantor or the
grant of such security interest becomes effective with respect to such obligations. If any such obligation
arises under a master agreement governing more than one swap, such exclusion shall apply only to the
portion of such obligation that is attributable to swaps for which such guaranty or security interest is or
becomes illegal.
 Excluded Taxes means any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to a
Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to a Recipient, (i) Taxes imposed on or
measured by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes, and branch profits Taxes, in each case,
(A) imposed as a result of such Recipient being organized under the laws of, or having its principal office
or, in the case of any Lender, its Lending Office located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any
political subdivision thereof) or (B) that are Other Connection Taxes, (ii) in the case of a Lender, U.S.
federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Lender with respect
to an applicable interest in a Loan or Commitment pursuant to a law in effect on the date on which (A) such
Lender acquires such interest in the Loan or Commitment (other than pursuant to an assignment request by
the Borrower under Section 10.13) or (B) such Lender changes its Lending Office, except in each case to
the extent that, pursuant to Section 3.01, amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such
Lender s assignor immediately before such Lender became a party hereto or to such Lender immediately
before it changed its Lending Office, (iii) Taxes attributable to such Recipient s failure to comply with
Section 3.01(g), and (iv) any withholding Taxes imposed pursuant to FATCA.
 FASB ASC means the Accounting Standards Codification of the Financial Accounting
Standards Board.
 FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement
(or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to 

- 16 -
comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreement entered
into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code and any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules, official
guidance notes or official practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement, treaty or
convention among Governmental Authorities and implementing such Sections of the Code.
 Federal Funds Rate means, for any day, the rate per annum equal to the weighted average
of the rates on overnight Federal funds transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System arranged
by Federal funds brokers on such day, as published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York on the
Business Day next succeeding such day; provided that (i) if such day is not a Business Day, the Federal
Funds Rate for such day shall be such rate on such transactions on the next preceding Business Day as so
published on the next succeeding Business Day, and (ii) if no such rate is so published on such next
succeeding Business Day, the Federal Funds Rate for such day shall be the average rate (rounded upward,
if necessary, to a whole multiple of 1/100 of 1 charged to RBC on such day on such transactions as
determined by the Administrative Agent; provided, however, that if the Federal Funds Rate as set forth
above shall be less than 0.00 per annum at any time, the Federal Funds Rate for purposes hereof shall
be deemed to be 0.00 per annum at such time.
 Federal Reserve Board means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of
the United States.
 Financial Officer means, as to any Person, the chief financial officer; principal
accounting officer; vice president, finance; treasurer; or controller of such Person (or any other officer
acting in substantially the same capacity of any of the foregoing).
 Floor means the benchmark rate floor, if any, provided in this Agreement initially (as of
the execution of this Agreement, the modification, amendment or renewal of this Agreement or otherwise)
with respect to the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate or the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR, as applicable. For the
avoidance of doubt the initial Floor for each of Adjusted Term SOFR Rate or the Adjusted Daily Simple
SOFR shall be 0 .
 Foreign Subsidiary means any existing or future direct or indirect subsidiary of the
Borrower organized under the laws of any jurisdiction other than the United States, any state thereof or the
District of Columbia.
 Funding Agreement means any agreement for a Insurance Company to accept and
accumulate funds and to make one or more payments at future dates in amounts that are not based on
mortality or morbidity contingencies of the Person to whom such agreement is issued.
 GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States set forth in
the opinions and pronouncements of the Accounting Principles Board and the American Institute of
Certified Public Accountants and statements and pronouncements of the Financial Accounting Standards
Board or such other principles as may be approved by a significant segment of the accounting profession
in the United States, that are applicable to the circumstances as of the date of determination, consistently
applied.
 Governmental Authority means any nation or government, or state or political
subdivision thereof, whether state or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body
(including any Applicable Insurance Regulatory Authority), court, central bank or other entity exercising
executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to
government (including any supranational bodies such as the European Union or the European Central
Bank). 

- 17 -
 Guarantee means, as to any Person, (i) any obligation, contingent or otherwise, of such
Person guaranteeing or having the economic effect of guaranteeing any Debt or other obligation payable or
performable by another Person (the Primary Obligor in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, and
including any obligation of such Person, direct or indirect, (A) to purchase or pay (or advance or supply
funds for the purchase or payment of) such Debt or other obligation, (B) to purchase or lease property,
securities or services for the purpose of assuring the obligee in respect of such Debt or other obligation of
the payment or performance of such Debt or other obligation, (C) to maintain working capital, equity capital
or any other financial statement condition or liquidity or level of income or cash flow of the Primary Obligor
so as to enable the Primary Obligor to pay such Debt or other obligation or (D) entered into for the purpose
of assuring in any other manner the obligee in respect of such Debt or other obligation of the payment or
performance thereof or to protect such obligee against loss in respect thereof (in whole or in part) or (ii) any
Lien on any assets of such Person securing any Debt or other obligation of any other Person, whether or
not such Debt or other obligation is assumed by such Person (or any right, contingent or otherwise, of any
holder of such Debt to obtain any such Lien); provided that the term Guarantee shall not include
endorsements for collection or deposit in the ordinary course of business. The amount of any Guarantee
shall be deemed to be an amount equal to the stated or determinable amount of the related Primary Obligor,
or portion thereof, in respect of which such Guarantee is made or, if not stated or determinable, the
maximum reasonably anticipated liability in respect thereof as determined by the guaranteeing Person in
good faith. The term Guarantee as a verb has a corresponding meaning.
 Guarantor means any Subsidiary of the Borrower that has entered into a Guaranty as
required or permitted pursuant to Section 6.12.
 Guaranty means a Guaranty, substantially in the form of Exhibit F, to be executed by
and among the Administrative Agent and each Guarantor from time to time party thereto; provided that in
respect of each Person who enters into a Guaranty, the Borrower shall have provided (or caused to be
provided) customary documentation reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent.
 Guaranty Release Event has the meaning specified in Section 9.11(a)(ii).
 Hybrid Securities means, at any time, trust preferred securities, deferrable interest
subordinated debt securities, mandatory convertible debt or other hybrid securities issued by the Borrower
or any Subsidiary.
 Immaterial Subsidiary means any Subsidiary designated by the Borrower as an
Immaterial Subsidiary if and for so long as such Immaterial Subsidiary does not have, as of the last day of
the most recent Fiscal Quarter for which financial statements are available, (a)(i) total assets exceeding
5.0 of the consolidated assets or (ii) total revenues for the most recent four Fiscal Quarter period then
ended exceeding 5.0 of the total revenues for such period of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, and (b)
together with all other Immaterial Subsidiaries so designated as Immaterial Subsidiaries, (i) total assets at
such time exceeding 10.0 of the consolidated assets or (ii) total revenues for the most recent four Fiscal
Quarter period then ended exceeding 10.0 of the total revenues for such period of the Borrower and its
Subsidiaries, in the case of each of clauses (a) and (b) on a Consolidated basis. The Borrower may, at any
time, by written notice to the Administrative Agent, designate any Immaterial Subsidiary as a Material
Subsidiary.
 Indemnified Taxes means (i) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with
respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower under any Loan Document
and (ii) to the extent not otherwise described in clause (i), Other Taxes.
 Indemnitee has the meaning specified in Section 10.04(b). 

- 18 -
 Ineligible Assignee means any Person (i) on a list of competitors of the Borrower and its
Subsidiaries identified to the Administrative Agent in writing as updated from time to time by the Borrower,
and (iii) any Affiliate of a Person described in the foregoing clause (i) (other than any Debt Fund Affiliated
Lender, unless such Person is separately identified under clause (ii) or if such Affiliate is (A) identified in
writing by name by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent or (B) reasonably identifiable as an Affiliate
on the basis of such Person s name; provided that, no Person disclosed by the Borrower to the
Administrative Agent after the Effective Date shall be deemed an Ineligible Assignee for any purpose
hereunder until the second Business Day after the time of such disclosure.
 Ineligible Institution List has the meaning specified in Section 10.06(f).
 Information has the meaning specified in Section 10.07.
 Insurance Business means one or more aspects of the business of issuing or underwriting
insurance or reinsurance.
 Insurance Company means any Subsidiary of the Borrower, whether existing on or
acquired or formed after the Effective Date, that is authorized or admitted to carry on or transact Insurance
Business in any jurisdiction and is regulated by any Applicable Insurance Regulatory Authority.
 Investment means, as to any Person, any direct or indirect acquisition or investment by
such Person, whether by means of (a) the purchase or other acquisition of Equity Interests or debt or other
securities of another Person, (b) a loan, advance or capital contribution to, Guarantee or assumption of debt
of, or purchase or other acquisition of any other debt or equity participation or interest in, another Person,
including any partnership or joint venture interest in such other Person, or (c) the purchase or other
acquisition (in one transaction or a series of transactions) of all or substantially all of the property and assets
or business of another Person or assets constituting a business unit, line of business or division of such
Person. For purposes of covenant compliance, the amount of any Investment shall be the amount actually
invested, without adjustment for subsequent increases or decreases in the value of such Investment but
giving effect to any returns or distributions of capital or repayment of principal actually received in case by
such Person with respect thereto.
 Interest Payment Date means, (a) with respect to any Term Benchmark Loan, the last
day of each Interest Period applicable to the Borrowing of which such Loan is a part and, in the case of a
Term Benchmark Borrowing with an Interest Period of more than three months duration, each day prior
to the last day of such Interest Period that occurs at intervals of three months duration after the first day of
such Interest Period, and the Commitment Termination Date and (b) as to any Base Rate Loan, (i) the last
Business Day of each March, June, September and December and (ii) the Commitment Termination Date.
 Interest Period means with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing, the period
commencing on the date of such Borrowing and ending on the numerically corresponding day in the
calendar month that is one, three or six months thereafter (in each case, subject to the availability for the
Benchmark applicable to the relevant Loan or Commitment), as the Borrower may elect; provided, that
(i) if any Interest Period would end on a day other than a Business Day, such Interest Period shall be
extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless such next succeeding Business Day would fall in the
next calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day,
(ii) any Interest Period that commences on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which
there is no numerically corresponding day in the last calendar month of such Interest Period) shall end on
the last Business Day of the last calendar month of such Interest Period, and (iii) no tenor that has been
removed from this definition pursuant to Section 2.13(d) shall be available for specification in such Loan
Notice. 

- 19 -
 IOSCO Principles has the meaning specified in Section 2.13(d).
 IP Security Agreement has the meaning specified in the Security Agreement.
 IRS means the United States Internal Revenue Service.
 ISDA U.S. QFC Protocol has the meaning specified in Section 10.21.
 Judgment Currency has the meaning specified in Section 10.19(a).
 Judgment Currency Conversion Date has the meaning specified in Section 10.19(a).
 Laws means, collectively, all international, foreign, Federal, state and local statutes,
treaties, rules, guidelines, regulations, ordinances, codes and administrative or judicial precedents or
authorities, including the interpretation or administration thereof by any Governmental Authority charged
with the enforcement, interpretation or administration thereof, and all applicable administrative orders,
directed duties, requests, licenses, authorizations and permits of, and agreements with, any Governmental
Authority, in each case whether or not having the force of law.
 Lender has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph hereto.
 Lender Insolvency Event means that (i) a Lender or its Parent Company is insolvent, or
is generally unable to pay its debts as they become due, or admits in writing its inability to pay its debts as
they become due, or makes a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors or (ii) such Lender or its
Parent Company is the subject of a Debtor Relief Law or similar proceeding, or a receiver, trustee,
conservator, intervenor or sequestrator or the like has been appointed for such Lender or its Parent
Company, or such Lender or its Parent Company has taken any action in furtherance of or indicating its
consent to or acquiescence in any such proceeding or appointment.
 Lending Office means, as to any Lender, the office or offices of such Lender described
as such in such Lender s Administrative Questionnaire, or such other office or offices as a Lender may
from time to time notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent.
 License means any license (including licenses or certificates of authority from
Applicable Insurance Regulatory Authorities), permit or authorization to transact insurance and reinsurance
business or to act as an insurance agent or broker.
 Lien means any mortgage, pledge, hypothecation, collateral assignment, deposit
arrangement, encumbrance, lien (statutory or other), charge or preference, priority or other security interest
or preferential arrangement of any kind or nature whatsoever in the nature of a security interest (including
any conditional sale or other title retention agreement and any financing lease having substantially the same
economic effect as any of the foregoing).
 Lien Release Event has the meaning specified in Section 9.11(a)(i).
 Liquidity means unrestricted (as determined under GAAP), available cash and cash
equivalents of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (other than Insurance Companies), plus, if the conditions
specified in Sections 4.02 have been satisfied, the amount by which the Aggregate Commitments exceed
the Outstanding Amount.
 Loan has the meaning specified in Section 2.01. 

- 20 -
 Loan Documents means this Agreement, each Note, the Guaranty and the Security
Documents.
 Loan Notice means a notice of (i) a Borrowing, (ii) a conversion of Loans from one Type
to the other or (iii) a continuation of Loans pursuant to Section 2.02(a), which, if in writing, shall be
substantially in the form of Exhibit A.
 Loan Party means the Borrower and each Guarantor.
 Margin Stock means margin stock within the meaning of Regulation T, Regulation U or
Regulation X.
 Market Disruption Event has the meaning specified in Section 3.03.
 Master Agreement means any form of master agreement published by the International
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., any International Foreign Exchange Master Agreement or any
other master agreement, together with any related schedules.
 Material Adverse Effect means: (i) a material adverse effect on the business, properties
or financial condition of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole; (ii) a material adverse effect
on the validity or enforceability against the Borrower of any Loan Document to which it is a party; (iii) a
material adverse effect on the ability of the Loan Parties, taken as a whole, to perform any of their
obligations under any Loan Document or (iv) a material adverse effect on the rights of, or remedies
available to, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or any Lender under any Loan Documents,
taken as a whole.
 Material Insurance Company means, as of any date of determination, any Insurance
Company that is a Material Subsidiary as of such date.
 Material Subsidiary means any Subsidiary other than an Immaterial Subsidiary.
 Maximum Rate has the meaning specified in Section 10.09.
 Mortgage means any mortgage, deed of trust or equivalent document executed or
required herein to be executed by the Borrower or any Guarantor and granting a security interest over fee-owned real property in favor of the Collateral Agent as security for the Obligations. Each Mortgage shall
be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent and the relevant Loan Party.
 Mortgaged Property means each parcel of real property owned in fee by a Loan Party,
and the improvements thereto, that (together with such improvements) has a book value of 5,000,000 or
more other than any property that is located in an area determined by the Federal Emergency Management
Agency to have special flood hazards.
 Multiemployer Plan means any employee benefit plan of the type described in
Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA, to which the Borrower or ERISA Affiliate makes or is obligated to make
contributions, or during the preceding five plan years, has made or been obligated to make contributions.
 Multiple Employer Plan means a Benefit Plan with respect to which the Borrower or any
ERISA Affiliate is a contributing sponsor which has two or more contributing sponsors (including the
Borrower or ERISA Affiliate) at least two of whom are not under common control, as such a plan is
described in Section 4064 of ERISA. 

- 21 -
 NAIC means the National Association of Insurance Commissioners.
 Non-Consenting Lender means any Lender that does not approve any consent, waiver or
amendment that (i) requires the approval or consent of all Lenders or all affected Lenders in accordance
with the terms of Section 10.01 or any other provision of this Agreement (including the definition of
 Borrower and (ii) has been approved by the Required Lenders.
 Non-Defaulting Lender means, at any time, a Lender that is not a Defaulting Lender.
 Non-Recourse Debt means, with respect to any Person, Debt if, but only if:
(a) (i) such Person (A) provides no credit support of any kind for the payment of such Debt
(including any undertaking, agreement or instrument that would constitute Debt) and (B) is not
directly or indirectly liable as a guarantor or otherwise for such Debt; and (ii) no default with respect
to such Debt would permit upon notice, lapse of time or both any holder of any other Debt (other
than the Loans) of such Person to declare a default on such other Debt or cause the payment thereof
to be accelerated or payable prior to its stated maturity;
(b) such Debt (i) relates solely to (A) such Person s warehousing of loans for the issuance
of asset-backed securities or asset-backed loans or (B) such Person s purchase or warehousing of
real property, and (ii) is non-recourse as to all of the assets of such Person except for such
securitized, warehoused, financed or purchased loans, real property or other assets securing such
Debt; or
(c) such Debt is of a VIE with respect to such Person and is recourse only to the credit or
assets of such variable interest entity and any third-party credit enhancement (i.e., is not recourse
to the credit or assets of such Person).
 Non-U.S. Lender Party means each Lender that is not a U.S. Person.
 Note means a promissory note made by the Borrower in favor of a Lender evidencing
Loans made by such Lender, substantially in the form of Exhibit B.
 Obligation Currency has the meaning specified in Section 10.19(a).
 Obligations means (i) all advances to, and debts, liabilities, obligations, covenants and
duties of, any Loan Party arising under any Loan Document or otherwise with respect to any Loan, whether
direct or indirect (including those acquired by assumption), absolute or contingent, due or to become due,
now existing or hereafter arising and including interest and fees that accrue after the commencement by or
against any Loan Party or any Affiliate thereof of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Laws naming
such Person as the debtor in such proceeding, regardless of whether such interest and fees are allowed
claims in such proceeding and (ii) obligations of any Loan Party arising under any Secured Hedging
Agreement or any Secured Cash Management Agreement; provided that in the case of clause (ii), only to
the extent that, and for so long as, the other Obligations are so secured or guaranteed, and any release of
Collateral or Guarantees effected in a manner permitted by this Agreement shall not require the consent of
holders of obligations under Secured Hedging Agreements or obligations under Secured Cash Management
Agreements; provided, further, that the Obligations shall exclude all Excluded Swap Obligations. Without
limiting the foregoing, the Obligations include (i) the obligation to pay principal, interest, charges,
expenses, fees, indemnities and other amounts payable by the Borrower under any Loan Document and
(ii) the obligation of any Loan Party to reimburse any amount in respect of any of the foregoing that the 

- 22 -
Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or any Lender, in each case in its sole discretion, may elect to
pay or advance on behalf of such Loan Party.
 Operating Lease means, as applied to any Person, a lease (including leases which may
be terminated by the lessee at any time) of any property (whether real, personal or mixed) by such Person
as lessee which is not a Capital Lease.
 Organizational Documents of a Person means: (i) if such Person is a corporation, the
certificate or articles of incorporation and the bylaws (or equivalent or comparable constitutive documents
with respect to any non-U.S. jurisdiction) of such Person; (ii) if such Person is a limited liability company,
the certificate or articles of formation or organization and operating agreement of such Person; and (iii) if
such Person is a partnership, exempted limited partnership, joint venture, trust or other form of business
entity, the partnership, exempted limited partnership, joint venture or other applicable agreement of
formation or organization of such Person and any agreement, instrument, filing or notice with respect
thereto filed in connection with such Person s formation or organization with the applicable Governmental
Authority in the jurisdiction of such Person s formation or organization and, if applicable, any certificate
or articles of formation, registration or organization of such Person.
 Other Connection Taxes means, with respect to any Recipient, Taxes imposed as a result
of a present or former connection between such Recipient and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other
than connections arising from such Recipient having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its
obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under or enforced any
Loan Document).
 Other Taxes means all present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible,
recording, filing or similar Taxes that arise from any payment made under, from the execution, delivery,
performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or
otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document, except any such Taxes imposed with respect to an
assignment, transfer or sub-participation (other than pursuant to an assignment requested by the Borrower
under Section 10.13).
 Outstanding Amount means with respect to the Loans on any date, the aggregate
outstanding principal amount thereof after giving effect to any borrowings and prepayments or repayments
of Loans occurring on such date.
 Parent Company means, with respect to a Lender, the bank holding company (as defined
in Federal Reserve Board Regulation Y), if any, of such Lender, and/or any Person owning, beneficially or
of record, directly or indirectly, a majority of the shares of such Lender.
 Participant has the meaning specified in Section 10.06(d).
 Participant Register has the meaning specified in Section 10.06(d).
 Payment Notice has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.12(b).
 Payment Recipient has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.12(a).
 PBGC means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation.
 Pension Funding Rules means the rules of the Code and ERISA regarding minimum
funding standards and minimum required contributions (including any installment payment thereof) to 

- 23 -
Pension Plans and Multiemployer Plans and set forth in Sections 412, 430, 431, 432 and 436 of the Code
and Sections 302, 303, 304 and 305 of ERISA.
 Pension Plan means any employee pension benefit plan (including a Multiple Employer
Plan, but excluding a Multiemployer Plan) that is maintained or is contributed to by the Borrower or ERISA
Affiliate and is either covered by Title IV of ERISA or is subject to the minimum funding standards under
Section 412 of the Code.
 Perfection Certificate means a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit I or any
other form reasonably approved by the Administrative Agent, completed and supplemented with the
schedules and attachments contemplated thereby, and duly executed by a Responsible Officer of the
Borrower.
 Permitted Repo and Securities Lending Agreements means any Debt (i) that is owing by
a VIE the obligations of which are consolidated on the balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries
solely as a result of the Borrower and/or one or more of its Subsidiaries being deemed the primary
beneficiary of such Person under FASB ASC 810 and which is Non-Recourse Debt with respect to the
Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries, (ii) incurred in the ordinary course of business by a Insurance
Company to fund its short term liquidity requirements, or (iii) incurred in the ordinary course of business
by a Insurance Company pursuant to an agreement under which assets that are ineligible to be pledged to
secure Debt or a Swap Contract permitted or not prohibited hereby are transferred to a third-party in
exchange for either (x) assets or (y) funds, the proceeds of which are used to acquire assets, that in either
case are eligible to be pledged to secure such Debt or Swap Contract.
 Person means any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint
venture, association, company, partnership, Governmental Authority or other entity, whether or not having
separate legal personality in its jurisdiction of registration or formation.
 Plan of Reorganization has the meaning specified in Section 10.06(f).
 Platform has the meaning specified in Section 6.02.
 Pledged Securities has the meaning specified in the Security Agreement.
 Pledged Certificated Equity Interests has the meaning specified in the Security
Agreement.
 Pledged Debt Instruments has the meaning specified in the Security Agreement.
 Policies means all insurance policies, other insurance products created in the ordinary
course of business, annuity contracts, guaranteed interest contracts, guaranteed investment contracts and
Funding Agreements and similar instruments and arrangements (including riders to any such policies or
contracts, certificates issued with respect to group life insurance or annuity contracts and any insurance
contracts issued in connection with retirement plans or arrangements) and assumption certificates issued or
to be issued (or filed pending current review by applicable Governmental Authorities) by any Insurance
Company.
 Prime Rate means the rate of interest per annum determined by Royal Bank of Canada
from time to time as its prime commercial lending rate for United States Dollar loans in the United States
for such day. The Prime Rate is not necessarily the lowest rate that Royal Bank of Canada is charging any
corporate customer. 

- 24 -
 PTE means a prohibited transaction class exemption issued by the U.S. Department of
Labor, as any such exemption may be amended from time to time.
 Public Lender has the meaning specified in Section 6.02.
 Ratings Agency means each of (i) Standard Poor s Financial Services LLC, a division
of S P Global, Inc., and its successors, (ii) Moody s Investors Service, Inc. and its successors, and (iii)
Fitch Ratings Inc. and its successors.
 RBC means Royal Bank of Canada.
 Recipient means the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or any Lender.
 Reference Time with respect to any setting of the then-current Benchmark means (a) if
such Benchmark is the Term SOFR Rate, 5:00 a.m. (Chicago time) on the day that is two Business Days
preceding the date of such setting, (b) if such Benchmark is Daily Simple SOFR, the SOFR Determination
Date, provided, however, that if as of 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on any SOFR Determination Date,
Daily Simple SOFR for the applicable tenor has not been published by the SOFR Administrator and a
Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to Daily Simple SOFR has not occurred, then Daily Simple
SOFR will be the Daily Simple SOFR as published by the SOFR Administrator on the first preceding U.S.
Government Securities Business Day for which Daily Simple SOFR was published by the SOFR
Administrator so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than
five (5) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such SOFR Determination Date or (c) if such
Benchmark is not Term SOFR Rate or Daily Simple SOFR, the time determined by the Administrative
Agent in its reasonable discretion.
 Register has the meaning specified in Section 10.06(c).
 Regulation T means Regulation T of the Federal Reserve Board, as in effect from time
to time and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof.
 Regulation U means Regulation U of the Federal Reserve Board, as in effect from time
to time and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof.
 Regulation X means Regulation X of the Federal Reserve Board, as in effect from time
to time and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof.
 Regulatory Capital Transaction means with respect to a Special Purpose Subsidiary,
transactions to reduce regulatory capital requirements applicable to any Insurance Company.
 Reinsurance Agreement means any agreement, contract, treaty or other arrangement
whereby one or more insurers, as reinsurers, assume liabilities under Policies issued by another insurance
company or companies.
 Related Parties means, with respect to any Person, such Person s Affiliates and the
partners, directors, officers, employees, agents, attorneys-in-fact, trustees, administrators, managers,
advisors and representatives of such Person and of such Person s Affiliates.
 Release Actions has the meaning specified in Section 9.11(b).
 Release Certificate has the meaning specified in Section 9.11(c). 

- 25 -
 Relevant Party has the meaning specified in Section 3.01(k)(ii).
 Relevant Governmental Body means, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve
System, the SOFR Administrator, and/or the CME Term SOFR Administrator, as applicable, or a
committee officially endorsed or convened by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and/or
the SOFR Administrator s or, in each case, any successor thereto.
 Removal Effective Date has the meaning specified in Section 9.06(b).
 Reportable Event means any of the events set forth in Section 4043(c) of ERISA, other
than events for which the 30 day notice period has been waived.
 Required Lenders means, at any time, Lenders having Commitments or, if the
Commitments have been terminated in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, Loans outstanding,
representing more than 50 of the Aggregate Commitments or Loans of all Lenders, as applicable. The
Commitment and any Loans outstanding of any Defaulting Lender shall be disregarded in determining
Required Lenders at any time.
 Reserve Financing Notes means any Surplus Notes or other obligations of any other
Subsidiary that is formed solely to (a) issue Surplus Notes or other obligations in connection with a
Statutory Reserve Financing, (b) enter into Reinsurance Agreements in connection with a Statutory Reserve
Financing and/or (c) enter into ancillary obligations in respect of the foregoing.
 Resignation Effective Date has the meaning specified in Section 9.06(a).
 Resolution Authority means an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any U.K.
Financial Institution, a U.K. Resolution Authority.
 Responsible Officer means the chief executive officer, president, executive vice
president or a Financial Officer of the Borrower (or any other officer acting in substantially the same
capacity of any of the foregoing). Any document delivered hereunder that is signed by a Responsible
Officer of the Borrower shall be conclusively presumed to have been authorized by all necessary corporate,
partnership and/or other action on the part of the Borrower and such Responsible Officer shall be
conclusively presumed to have acted on behalf of the Borrower.
 Restricted Payment means, without duplication, with respect to any Equity Interest of
any Person (a) any dividend or other distribution (whether in cash, securities or other property) with respect
to such Equity Interest, or (b) any payment (whether in cash, securities or other property) by such Person,
including any sinking fund or similar deposit, on account of the purchase, redemption, retirement,
acquisition, cancellation or termination of any such Equity Interest, or on account of any return of capital
to such Person s shareholders, partners or members (or the equivalent Persons thereof).
 Retrocession Agreement means any agreement, contract, treaty or other arrangement
whereby one or more insurers or reinsurers, as retrocessionaires, assume liabilities of reinsurers under a
Reinsurance Agreement or other retrocessionaires under another Retrocession Agreement.
 RFR Borrowing means, as to any Borrowing, the RFR Loans comprising such
Borrowing.
 RFR Loan means a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on the Adjusted Daily Simple
SOFR. 

- 26 -
 Risk-Based Capital Ratio means, with respect to each Insurance Company, as of the end
of any fiscal quarter, the ratio of:
(a) the combined Total Adjusted Capital with respect to such Insurance Company as of
such fiscal quarter-end, to
(b) an amount equal to (i) the combined Authorized Control Level Risk-Based Capital with
respect to such Insurance Company as of such fiscal quarter-end, if such fiscal quarter-end is the last day
of such Insurance Company s fiscal year, or otherwise as of the last day of the fiscal year of such Insurance
Company that occurred immediately prior to such fiscal quarter-end, multiplied by (ii) two.
 S P means Standard Poor s Financial Services Inc., a Standard Poor s Financial
Services LLC business.
 Sanctioned Person means, at any time, (i) any Person listed in any Sanctions-related list
of designated Persons maintained by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the
Treasury, the U.S. Department of State, the United Nations Security Council, His Majesty s Treasury of
the United Kingdom, Canada, the European Union or any European Union member state, (ii) any Person
located in, resident in or organized under the laws of an Embargoed Jurisdiction, or (iii) any Person owned
or controlled by a Person described in the foregoing clauses (i) or (ii).
 Sanctions means economic or financial sanctions or trade embargoes imposed,
administered or enforced from time to time by (i) the U.S. government, including those administered by the
Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury or the U.S. Department of State,
(ii) the United Nations Security Council, (iii) the European Union or any European Union member state,
(iv) Canada or (v) His Majesty s Treasury of the United Kingdom.
 SAP means the accounting procedures and practices prescribed or permitted by the
Applicable Insurance Regulatory Authority or the NAIC.
 SEC means the Securities and Exchange Commission.
 Secured Cash Management Agreement shall mean any Cash Management Agreement
that is entered into by and between the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries and any Secured Cash
Management Bank, or any Guarantee by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries of any Secured Cash
Management Agreement entered into by and between any Subsidiary and any Secured Cash Management
Bank, in each case to the extent that such Secured Cash Management Agreement or such Guarantee, as
applicable, is designated in writing by the Borrower and such Secured Cash Management Bank to the
Administrative Agent to be included as a Secured Cash Management Agreement .
 Secured Cash Management Bank means any Person that (a) at the time it enters into a
Cash Management Agreement, is a Lender or the Administrative Agent, or an Affiliate of a Lender or the
Administrative Agent, (b) in the case of any Cash Management Agreement in effect on or prior to the
Effective Date, is, as of the Effective Date, a Lender or the Administrative Agent, or an Affiliate of a Lender
or the Administrative Agent, and a party to a Cash Management Agreement or (c) in the case of any Cash
Management Agreement in effect on or prior to the date of any amendment, restatement, or amendment
and restatement to this Agreement, is, as of the date of such amendment, restatement or amendment and
restatement, a Lender or the Administrative Agent, or an Affiliate of a Lender or the Administrative Agent,
and a party to a Cash Management Agreement. 

- 27 -
 Secured Hedging Counterparty means any Person that (a) at the time it enters into a Swap
Contract is a Lender or the Administrative Agent, or an Affiliate of a Lender or the Administrative Agent,
(b) in the case of any Swap Contract in effect on or prior to the Effective Date, is, as of the Effective Date,
a Lender or the Administrative Agent, or an Affiliate of a Lender or Administrative Agent, and a party to a
Swap Contract or (c) in the case of any Swap Contract in effect on or prior to the date of any amendment,
restatement, or amendment and restatement to this Agreement, is, as of the date of such amendment,
restatement or amendment and restatement, a Lender or the Administrative Agent, or an Affiliate of a
Lender or Administrative Agent, and a party to a Swap Contract.
 Secured Hedging Agreement means any Swap Contract that is entered into by and
between any Loan Party, on the one hand, and any Secured Hedging Counterparty, on the other hand, and
designated in a writing by such Secured Hedging Counterparty and the Borrower to the Administrative
Agent as a Secured Hedging Agreement. Such designation shall be irrevocable and a single designation
shall be effective for any Swap Contract entered into pursuant to a single Master Agreement.
 Secured Parties means the Lenders, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, any
Secured Hedging Counterparty, any Secured Cash Management Bank, each other Indemnitee solely as to
indemnification claims asserted hereunder and any other permitted holder of any Obligation of any Loan
Party.
 Security Agreement means the Security Agreement dated as of the Effective Date, by
and among the Collateral Agent, the Borrower and each Guarantor from time to time party thereto,
substantially in the form of Exhibit H.
 Security Documents means the Security Agreement, any Mortgages, the Perfection
Certificate, the IP Security Agreements, each other agreement, instrument or document executed pursuant
thereto or pursuant to Sections 4.01 or 6.12 and each of the other agreements, instruments or documents
that creates or purports to create a Lien securing the Obligations in favor of the Collateral Agent for the
benefit of the Secured Parties.
 SOFR means a rate equal to the secured overnight financing rate as administered by the
SOFR Administrator.
 SOFR Adjustment means with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate, 10 basis
points.
 SOFR Administrator means the NYFRB (or a successor administrator of the secured
overnight financing rate).
 SOFR Administrator s Website means the SOFR Administrator s website, currently at
http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source for the secured overnight financing rate identified as
such by the SOFR Administrator from time to time.
 SOFR Determination Date has the meaning assigned to it in the definition of Daily
Simple SOFR .
 SOFR Rate Day has the meaning assigned to it in the definition of Daily Simple SOFR .
 Solvent means, as to any Person as of any date of determination, that on such date (i) the
fair value of the property of such Person is greater than the total amount of liabilities, including contingent
liabilities, of such Person, (ii) the present fair saleable value of such Person is not less than the amount that 

- 28 -
will be required to pay the probable liability of such Person on its debts as they become absolute and
matured, (iii) such Person does not intend to, and does not believe that it will, incur debts or liabilities
beyond such Person s ability to pay such debts and liabilities as they mature and (iv) such Person is not
engaged in a business or a transaction, and is not about to engage in a business or a transaction, for which
such Person s property would constitute an unreasonably small capital. The amount of any contingent
liability at any time shall be computed as the amount that, in light of all of the facts and circumstances
existing at such time, represents the amount that can reasonably be expected to become an actual or matured
liability.
 Special Purpose Subsidiary means a Subsidiary that is a bankruptcy-remote special or
limited purpose entity utilized in connection with transactions to reduce regulatory capital requirements
applicable to any Insurance Company.
 Specified Transaction has the meaning specified in Section 1.09.
 Statutory Reserve Financing means a transaction or series of transactions entered into
primarily for the purpose of financing a portion of the statutory reserves required to be held by an Insurance
Company, where the proceeds or funding obligations provided by the financing counterparty or
counterparties in such transaction or transactions are not expected, as of the date such transaction or
transactions are entered into, to be used or applied to pay insurance or reinsurance claims reasonably
projected to be payable as of the date such transaction or transactions are entered into.
 Statutory Statement means a statement of the condition and affairs of the Borrower or an
Insurance Company, as applicable, in each case prepared in accordance with SAP, and filed with the
Applicable Insurance Regulatory Authority.
 Subsidiary of a Person means any corporation, partnership, limited liability company,
association, joint venture or other business entity of which either (x) a majority of the Equity Interests
having ordinary voting power for the election of directors or other governing body (other than securities or
interests having such power only by reason of the happening of a contingency) or (y) a majority of the
Equity Interests are at the time beneficially owned or the management of which (including the board of
directors or other governing body of any general partner) is controlled, directly, or indirectly through one
or more intermediaries, or both, by such Person. Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to a
 Subsidiary or to Subsidiaries shall refer to a Subsidiary or Subsidiaries of the Borrower. For the
avoidance of doubt, a special purpose trust formed solely to hold Funding Agreements and to issue Funding
Agreement-backed notes shall not be deemed to be a Subsidiary for purposes of this Agreement.
 Supplier has the meaning specified in Section 3.01(k)(ii).
 Surplus Notes means any debt security issued by an Insurance Company (whether or not
titled as a surplus note with respect to which such Insurance Company treats the principal of such
security as capital in accordance with SAP applicable to such Insurance Company.
 Swap Contract means (i) any and all rate swap transactions, basis swaps, credit derivative
transactions, forward rate transactions, commodity swaps, commodity options, forward commodity
contracts, equity or equity index swaps or options, credit derivatives, total return swaps, futures, bond or
bond price or bond index swaps or options or forward bond or forward bond price or forward bond index
transactions, interest rate options, forward foreign exchange transactions, cap transactions, floor
transactions, collar transactions, currency swap transactions, cross-currency rate swap transactions,
currency options, spot contracts, or any other similar transactions or other derivatives or any combination
of any of the foregoing (including any options to enter into any of the foregoing), whether or not any such 

- 29 -
transaction is governed by or subject to any Master Agreement, and (ii) any and all transactions of any kind,
and the related confirmations, which are subject to the terms and conditions of, or governed by, any Master
Agreement, including any such obligations or liabilities under any Master Agreement.
 Taxes means all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings
(including backup withholding), assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental
Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto.
 Term Benchmark when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether
such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, are bearing interest at a rate determined by reference
to the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate.
 Term SOFR Determination Date has the meaning assigned to it in the definition of Term
SOFR Reference Rate .
 Term SOFR Rate means, with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated
in Dollars and for any tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period, the Term SOFR Reference Rate
at approximately 5:00 a.m., Chicago time, two U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the
commencement of the applicable Interest Period, as such rate is published by the CME Term SOFR
Administrator.
 Term SOFR Reference Rate means, for any day and time (such day, the Term SOFR
Determination Date ), with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars and for any
tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period on the day that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities
Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period, as such rate is published by the SOFR
Administrator, the rate per annum determined by the Administrative Agent as the forward-looking term
rate based on SOFR, provided that if the Term SOFR Reference Rate as so determined would be less than
zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for the purposes of calculating such rate. If by 5:00 pm (New
York City time) on any Term SOFR Determination Date, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the
applicable tenor has not been published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark
Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Rate has not occurred, then the Term SOFR Reference
Rate for such Term SOFR Determination Date will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor as
published in respect of the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term
SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor was published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator, so long as
such first U.S. Government Securities Business Day preceding such Business Day is not more than five (5)
U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such Term SOFR Determination Date.
 Threshold Amount means 5,000,000.
 Trade Date means, as to a particular assignment or participation of an interest hereunder
to a Person, the date on which the applicable Lender enters into a binding agreement to sell and assign or
participate all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement to such Person.
 Total Adjusted Capital means, with respect to an Insurance Company and as of a date of
determination, the Total Adjusted Capital, or equivalent term, as defined in the Applicable Insurance
Code of the state in which such Insurance Company is domiciled, as reflected in such Insurance Company s
Statutory Statement as of such date of determination.
 Type when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether the rate of
interest on such Loan, or on the Loans comprising such Borrowing, is determined by reference to the
Adjusted Term SOFR Rate or the Base Rate. 

- 30 -
 UCC means the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect from time to time in the State of
New York or in any other state, the laws of which are required to be applied in connection with the issue
of perfection of security interests.
 U.K. Financial Institution means any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under
the PRA Rulebook promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person
falling within IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct
Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such
credit institutions or investment firms.
 U.K. Resolution Authority means the Bank of England or any other public administrative
authority having responsibility for the resolution of any U.K. Financial Institution.
 Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement means the applicable Benchmark Replacement
excluding the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment.
 Unaudited Financial Statements means the unaudited consolidated balance sheet of the
Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the period ended September 30, 2021, and the related consolidated
statements of income and comprehensive income and shareholders equity, together with such unaudited
financial statements for the three, six or nine- month period, as applicable, ended on the last day of the most
recent of such fiscal periods.
 United States and U.S. mean the United States of America.
 U.S. Person means any Person that is a United States Person as defined in
Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code.
 U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for (i) a Saturday, (ii)
a Sunday or (iii) a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends
that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in
United States government securities.
 U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate has the meaning specified in Section 3.01(g)(ii)(B)(3).
 VIE means a variable interest entity as defined in FSB ASC 810.
 Voting Securities means Equity Interests of any Person having ordinary power to vote in
the election of members of the board of directors, managers, trustees or other Controlling Persons of such
Person (irrespective of whether, at the time, Equity Interests of any other class or classes of such Person
shall have or might have voting power by reason of the happening of any contingency).
 wholly-owned means, as to a Subsidiary of a Person, a Subsidiary of such Person all of
the outstanding Equity Interests of which (other than (i) director s qualifying shares and (ii) shares issued
to foreign nationals to the extent required by applicable Law) are owned by such Person and/or by one or
more wholly-owned Subsidiaries of such Person.
 Withholding Agent means the Borrower and the Administrative Agent.
 Write-Down and Conversion Powers means, (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution
Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time
under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion 

- 31 -
powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom,
any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify
or change the form of a liability of any U.K. Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under which
that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that person
or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been
exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that
Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers.
Section 1.02 Other Interpretive Provisions. With reference to this Agreement and each other
Loan Document, unless otherwise specified herein or in such other Loan Document:
(a) The definitions of terms herein shall apply equally to the singular and plural forms of
the terms defined. Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding
masculine, feminine and neuter forms. The words include, includes and including shall be deemed
to be followed by the phrase without limitation. The word will shall be construed to have the same
meaning and effect as the word shall. Unless the context requires otherwise, (i) any definition of or
reference to any agreement, instrument or other document (including any Organizational Document and the
Loan Documents) shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as from
time to time amended, restated, amended and restated, extended, supplemented or otherwise modified
(subject to any restrictions on such amendments, restatements, amendments and restatements, extensions,
supplements or modifications set forth herein or in any other Loan Document) and, for the avoidance of
doubt including any waiver with respect to such documents, (ii) any reference herein to any Person shall be
construed to include such Person s successors and permitted assigns and, in the case of any Governmental
Authority, any other Governmental Authority succeeding to its functions, (iii) the words hereto, herein, 
 hereof and hereunder, and words of similar import when used in any Loan Document, shall be
construed to refer to such Loan Document in its entirety and not to any particular provision thereof, (iv) all
references in a Loan Document to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules shall be construed to refer to
Articles and Sections of, and Exhibits and Schedules to, the Loan Document in which such references
appear, (v) any reference to any law or regulation shall, unless otherwise specified, refer to such law or
regulation as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time and (vi) the words asset and
 property shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all tangible and
intangible assets and properties, including cash, securities, accounts and contract rights.
(b) In the computation of periods of time from a specified date to a later specified date, the
word from means from and including the words to and until each mean to but excluding and
the word through means to and including. 
(c) Section headings herein and in the other Loan Documents are included for convenience
of reference only and shall not affect the interpretation of this Agreement or any other Loan Document.
(d) In no event shall any Insurance Company be liable for any obligations of any Borrower
or other Subsidiary under this Agreement or any other Loan Document.
Section 1.03 Accounting Terms.
(a) Generally. All accounting terms not specifically or completely defined herein shall be
construed in conformity with, and all financial data (including financial ratios and other financial
calculations) required to be submitted pursuant to this Agreement shall be prepared in conformity with,
GAAP or SAP, as applicable, applied on a consistent basis, as in effect from time to time, applied in a
manner consistent with that used in preparing the Audited Financial Statements or Statutory Financial
Statements, as applicable, except as otherwise specifically prescribed herein. Notwithstanding the 

- 32 -
foregoing, for purposes of determining compliance with any covenant (including the computation of any
financial covenant) contained herein, Debt of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries shall be deemed to be
carried at 100 of the outstanding principal amount thereof, and the effects of FASB ASC 825 on financial
liabilities shall be disregarded. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, unless and until the
Borrower notifies the Administrative Agent otherwise, whether a lease constitutes a capital lease or an
operating lease may be determined based on GAAP as in effect on December 31, 2018, notwithstanding
any modification or interpretative change thereto after such date (including without giving effect to any
treatment of leases under Accounting Standards Codification 842 or any Financial Accounting Standard
having a similar result or effect).
(b)Changes in GAAP. If at any time any change in GAAP or SAP, as applicable (each
change, an Accounting Change ), would affect the computation of any financial ratio or requirement set
forth in any Loan Document, and either the Borrower or the Required Lenders shall so request, the
Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Borrower shall negotiate in good faith to amend such ratio or
requirement to preserve the original intent thereof in light of such Accounting Change (subject to the
approval of the Required Lenders); provided that, until so amended, (i) such ratio or requirement shall
continue to be computed in accordance with GAAP or SAP, as applicable, without giving effect to such
Accounting Change and (ii) the Borrower shall provide to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders
financial statements and other documents required under this Agreement or as reasonably requested
hereunder setting forth a reconciliation between calculations of such ratio or requirement made before and
after giving effect to such Accounting Change.
Section 1.04Rounding. Any financial ratios required to be maintained by the Borrower pursuant
to this Agreement shall be calculated by dividing the appropriate component by the other component,
carrying the result to one place more than the number of places by which such ratio is expressed herein and
rounding the result up or down to the nearest number (with a rounding-up if there is no nearest number).
Section 1.05 Times of Day. Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to times of day shall
be references to Eastern time (daylight or standard, as applicable).
Section 1.06 Timing of Payment or Performance. When payment of any obligation is stated to
be due or the performance of any covenant, duty or obligation is required on a day which is not a Business
Day, the date of such payment (other than as described in the definition of Interest Period or performance
shall extend to the immediately succeeding Business Day, and, in the case of any payment accruing interest,
interest thereon shall be payable for the period of such extension.
Section 1.07 Pro Forma Compliance. In the event that the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries
incurs, issues, assumes, repays, repurchases or redeems any Debt or makes any acquisition or investment or
other transaction that is required to be given pro forma effect hereunder, in each case, subsequent to the
date for which the financial covenant under Section 7.11 or any financial ratio is being calculated but prior
to or simultaneously with the event for which the calculation of such financial covenant or financial ratio is
made, then such financial covenant or financial ratio shall be calculated giving pro forma effect to such
incurrence, issuance, repayment, repurchase or redemption of Debt or acquisition or investment or other
transaction, as if the same had occurred immediately prior to the date for which such financial covenant or
financial ratio is being calculated.
Section 1.08 Compliance with this Agreement
(a) For purposes of determining the permissibility of any action, change, transaction or
event that by the terms of the Loan Documents requires a calculation of any financial ratio or test, such
financial ratio or test shall be calculated at the time such action is taken, such change is made, such 

- 33 -
transaction is consummated or such event occurs, as the case may be, and no Default or Event of Default
shall be deemed to have occurred solely as a result of a change in such financial ratio or test occurring after
the time such action is taken, such change is made, such transaction is consummated or such event occurs,
as the case may be.
(b) It is understood and agreed that any Debt, Liens, sale, transfer, lease, disposition,
merger, dissolution, liquidation, consolidation, amalgamation, or Affiliate transaction need not be permitted
solely by reference to one clause of Section 7.01, 7.02, 7.03 or 7.05, respectively, but may instead be
permitted from time to time in part or in whole under any combination thereof.
Section 1.09 Foreign Currencies. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement,
for purposes of any determination under Article VI, Article VII (other than Section 7.11 or other financial
ratio) or Article VIII with respect to the amount of any Debt, Liens, Affiliate transaction or other transaction,
event or circumstance, or any determination under any other provision of this Agreement, (any of the
foregoing, a Specified Transaction in a currency other than Dollars, (i) the Dollar equivalent amount of a
Specified Transaction in a currency other than Dollars shall be calculated based on the rate of exchange
quoted by the Bloomberg Foreign Exchange Rates World Currencies Page (or any successor page thereto,
or in the event such rate does not appear on any Bloomberg Page, by reference to such other publicly
available service for displaying exchange rates as may be agreed upon by the Administrative Agent and the
Borrower) for such currency, as in effect at 11:00 a.m. (New York time) on the date of such Specified
Transaction; provided, that if any Debt is incurred (and, if applicable, associated Lien granted) to refinance
or replace other Debt denominated in a currency other than Dollar, and such refinancing or replacement
would cause the applicable Dollar-denominated restriction to be exceeded if calculated at the relevant
currency exchange rate in effect on the date of such refinancing or replacement, such Dollar-denominated
restriction shall be deemed not to have been exceeded so long as the principal amount of such refinancing
or replacement Debt (and, if applicable, associated Lien granted) does not exceed an amount sufficient to
repay the principal amount of such Debt being refinanced or replaced, except by an amount equal to unpaid
accrued interest and premiums (including tender premiums) thereon plus other reasonable and customary
fees and expenses (including upfront fees and original issue discount) incurred in connection with such
refinancing or replacement, and (ii) for the avoidance of doubt, no Default or Event of Default shall be
deemed to have occurred solely as a result of a change in the rates of currency exchange occurring after the
time of any Specified Transaction so long as such Specified Transaction was permitted at the time incurred,
made, acquired, committed, entered or declared as set forth in clause (i). For purposes of Section 7.11 and
the calculation of compliance with any financial ratio or test for purposes of taking any action hereunder, on
any date of determination, amounts in currencies other than Dollars shall be translated into Dollars at the
currency exchange rate used in preparing the financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(i) or
(ii) corresponding thereto as of the date of determination and will, in the case of Debt, reflect the currency
translation effects, determined in accordance with GAAP, of any Swap Contract in respect of currency
exchange risks with respect to the applicable currency in effect on the date of determination for the Dollar
equivalent amount of such Debt.
Section 1.10 Interest Rate; Benchmark Notification. The interest rate on a Loan denominated
in Dollars may be derived from an interest rate benchmark that may be discontinued or is, or may in the
future become, the subject of regulatory reform. Upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event,
Section 2.13 provides a mechanism for determining an alternative rate of interest. Except as otherwise
specifically provided for in this Agreement (including with respect to the quotation of the Prime Rate), the
Agent does not warrant or accept any responsibility for, and shall not have any liability with respect to, (a)
the continuation of, the administration of, submission of, calculation of, performance of or any other matter
related to any interest rate used in this Agreement (including, without limitation, the Base Rate (other than
the Prime Rate), Daily Simple SOFR, Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR, SOFR, the Term SOFR Reference Rate
or Adjusted Term SOFR Rate) or any component definition thereof or rates referred to in the definition 

- 34 -
thereof, or with respect to any alternative or successor rate thereto, or replacement rate thereof (including
any Benchmark Replacement), including without limitation, whether the composition or characteristics of
any such alternative, successor or replacement reference rate will be similar to, or produce the same value
or economic equivalence of, or have the same value or economic equivalence of as the existing interest rate
(or any component thereof) being replaced or have the same volume or liquidity as did any existing interest
rate (or any component thereof) prior to its discontinuance or unavailability. The Administrative Agent and
its affiliates and/or other related entities may engage in transactions that affect the calculation of any interest
rate (or component thereof) used in this Agreement or any alternative, successor or alternative rate (including
any Benchmark Replacement) and/or any relevant adjustments thereto, in each case, in a manner adverse to
the Borrower. The Administrative Agent may select information sources or services in its reasonable
discretion to ascertain any interest rate used in this Agreement, any component thereof, or rates referred to
in the definition thereof, in each case pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and shall have no liability to
the Borrower, any Lender or any other person or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect,
special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or
otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error in the calculation of any such rate (or component
thereof) by any such information source or service.
Section 1.11 LLC Divisions. For all purposes under the Loan Documents, in connection
with any division or plan of division under Delaware law (or any comparable event under a different
jurisdiction s laws): (a) if any asset, right, obligation or liability of any Person becomes the asset, right,
obligation or liability of a different Person, then it shall be deemed to have been transferred from the original
Person to the subsequent Person, and (b) if any new Person comes into existence, such new Person shall be
deemed to have been organized on the first date of its existence by the holders of its Equity Interests at such
time.
ARTICLE II
THE COMMITMENTS AND LOANS
Section 2.01 Loans. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Lender severally
agrees to make loans (each such loan, a Loan in Dollars to the Borrower from time to time, on any
Business Day during the Availability Period in an aggregate amount not to exceed at any time outstanding
the amount of such Lender s Applicable Percentage of the then Aggregate Commitments; provided,
however, that after giving effect to any Borrowing, (i) the Outstanding Amount shall not exceed the
Aggregate Commitments and (ii) the principal amount of each Lender s outstanding Loans shall not exceed
such Lender s Applicable Percentage of the Aggregate Commitments. Within the limits of each Lender s
Commitment and the Aggregate Commitments, and subject to the other terms and conditions hereof, the
Borrower may borrow under this Section 2.01, prepay under Section 2.03, and reborrow under this Section
2.01. Loans may be Base Rate Loans or Term Benchmark Loans, as further provided herein.
Section 2.02 Borrowings, Conversions and Continuations of Loans.
(a) Each Borrowing, each conversion of Loans from one Type to the other, and each
continuation of Term Benchmark Loans shall be made upon the Borrower s irrevocable notice to the
Administrative Agent, which may be given by telephone. Each such notice must be received by the
Administrative Agent not later than 11:00 a.m. (i) three Business Days prior to the requested date of any
Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Term Benchmark Loans or of any conversion of Term
Benchmark Loans to Base Rate Loans, and (ii) one Business Day prior to the requested date of any
Borrowing of Base Rate Loans. Each telephonic notice by the Borrower pursuant to this Section 2.02(a)
must be confirmed promptly by delivery to the Administrative Agent of a written Loan Notice,
appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the applicable Borrower. Each Borrowing
of, conversion to or continuation of Term Benchmark Loans shall be in a principal amount of 1,000,000 

- 35 -
or a whole multiple of 1,000,000 in excess thereof. Each Borrowing of or conversion to Base Rate Loans
shall be in a principal amount of 500,000 or a whole multiple of 100,000 in excess thereof. Each Loan
Notice (whether telephonic or written) shall specify (i) whether the Borrower is requesting a Borrowing, a
conversion of Loans from one Type to the other, or a continuation of Term Benchmark Loans, (ii) the
requested date of the Borrowing, conversion or continuation, as the case may be (which shall be a Business
Day), (iii) the principal amount of Loans to be borrowed, converted or continued, (iv) the Type of Loans to
be borrowed or to which existing Loans are to be converted, and (v) if applicable, the duration of the Interest
Period with respect thereto. If the Borrower fails to specify a Type of Loan in a Loan Notice or if the
Borrower fails to give a timely notice requesting a conversion or continuation, then the applicable Loans
shall be made as, or converted to, Base Rate Loans. Any such automatic conversion to Base Rate Loans
shall be effective as of the last day of the Interest Period then in effect with respect to the applicable Term
Benchmark Loans. If the Borrower requests a Borrowing of, conversion to, or continuation of Term
Benchmark Loans in any such Loan Notice, but fails to specify an Interest Period, it will be deemed to have
specified an Interest Period of one month.
(b) Following receipt of a Loan Notice, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify
each Lender of the amount of its Applicable Percentage of the applicable Loans, and if no timely notice of
a conversion or continuation is provided by the applicable Borrower, the Administrative Agent shall notify
each Lender of the details of any automatic conversion to Base Rate Loans described in the preceding
subsection. Each Lender shall make the amount of its Loan available to the Administrative Agent in
immediately available funds at the Administrative Agent s Office not later than 3:00 p.m. on the Business
Day specified in the applicable Loan Notice. Upon satisfaction of the applicable conditions set forth in
Section 4.02, the Administrative Agent shall make all funds so received available to the applicable
Borrower in like funds as received by the Administrative Agent either by (i) crediting the account of the
Borrower on the books of RBC with the amount of such funds or (ii) wire transfer of such funds, in each
case in accordance with instructions provided to (and reasonably acceptable to) the Administrative Agent
by the applicable Borrower. Each Lender may, at its option, make any Loan available to the Borrower by
causing any foreign or domestic branch or Affiliate of such Lender to make such Loan; provided that any
exercise of such option shall not affect the obligation of the Borrower to repay such Loan in accordance
with the terms of this Agreement.
(c) Except as otherwise provided herein, a Term Benchmark Loan may be continued or
converted only on the last day of an Interest Period for such Term Benchmark Loan. During the existence
of an Event of Default, no Loans may be requested as, converted to or continued as Term Benchmark Loans
without the consent of the Required Lenders.
(d) The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of the
interest rate applicable to any Interest Period for Term Benchmark Loans upon determination of such
interest rate. At any time that Base Rate Loans are outstanding, the Administrative Agent shall notify the
Borrower and the Lenders of any change in the Prime Rate used in determining the Base Rate promptly
following the public announcement of such change.
(e) After giving effect to all Borrowings, all conversions of Loans from one Type to the
other, and all continuations of Loans as the same Type, there shall not be more than ten Interest Periods in
effect with respect to Loans.
Section 2.03 Prepayments.
(a) The Borrower may, upon notice to the Administrative Agent, at any time or from time
to time voluntarily prepay Loans in whole or in part without premium or penalty; provided that: (i) such
notice must be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 11:00 a.m. (A) three Business Days 

- 36 -
prior to any date of prepayment of Term Benchmark Loans and (B) on the date of prepayment of Base Rate
Loans; (ii) any prepayment of Term Benchmark Loans shall be in a principal amount of 1,000,000 or a
whole multiple of 1,000,000 in excess thereof; and (iii) any prepayment of Base Rate Loans shall be in a
principal amount of 500,000 or a whole multiple of 100,000 in excess thereof or, in each case, if less, the
entire principal amount thereof then outstanding. Each such notice shall specify the date and amount of
such prepayment and the Type(s) of Loans to be prepaid and, if Term Benchmark Loans are to be prepaid,
the Interest Period(s) of such Loans. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify each Lender of its
receipt of each such notice, and of the amount of such Lender s Applicable Percentage of such prepayment.
If such notice is given by the Borrower, the Borrower shall make such prepayment and the payment amount
specified in such notice shall be due and payable on the date specified therein; provided that such notice
may state that such notice is conditioned upon the occurrence of one or more events specified therein, in
which case such notice may be revoked by the Borrower (by notice to the Administrative Agent on or prior
to the specified effective date) if such condition is not satisfied. Any prepayment of a Term Benchmark
Loan shall be accompanied by all accrued interest on the amount prepaid, together with any additional
amounts required pursuant to Section 3.05. Subject to Section 2.12, each such prepayment shall be applied
to the Loans of the Lenders in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentages.
(b) If for any reason the Outstanding Amount at any time exceeds the Aggregate
Commitments then in effect, the Borrower shall immediately prepay Loans in an aggregate amount equal
to such excess.
Section 2.04 Termination or Reduction of Commitments.
(a) Optional. The Borrower may, upon notice to the Administrative Agent, terminate the
Aggregate Commitments, or from time to time permanently reduce the Aggregate Commitments; provided
that (i) any such notice shall be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 11:00 a.m. three
Business Days (or such shorter period acceptable to the Administrative Agent) prior to the date of
termination or reduction, (ii) any such partial reduction shall be in an aggregate amount of 5,000,000 or
any whole multiple of 1,000,000 in excess thereof and (iii) the Borrower shall not terminate or reduce the
Aggregate Commitments if, after giving effect thereto and to any concurrent prepayments hereunder, the
Outstanding Amount would exceed the Aggregate Commitments. The Administrative Agent will promptly
notify the Lenders of any notice of termination or reduction of the Aggregate Commitments; provided that
such notice may state that such notice is conditioned upon the occurrence of one or more events specified
therein, in which case such notice may be revoked by the Borrower (by notice to the Administrative Agent
on or prior to the specified effective date) if such condition is not satisfied. Any reduction of the Aggregate
Commitments shall be applied to the Commitment of each Lender according to its Applicable Percentage.
All fees accrued until the effective date of any termination of the Aggregate Commitments shall be paid on
the effective date of such termination.
(b) Mandatory. The Aggregate Commitments shall be automatically and permanently
reduced to zero on the Commitment Termination Date.
Section 2.05 Repayment of Loans. The Borrower shall repay to the Lenders on the Commitment
Termination Date the aggregate principal amount of Loans outstanding on such date, together with accrued
and unpaid interest thereon and all other Obligations then due and owing.
Section 2.06 Interest.
(a) Subject to the provisions of paragraph (b) below, (i) each Term Benchmark Loan shall
bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof for each Interest Period at a rate per annum equal
to the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate for such Interest Period plus the Applicable Rate and (ii) each Base Rate 

- 37 -
Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof from the applicable borrowing date at
a rate per annum equal to the Base Rate plus the Applicable Rate.
(b) Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default pursuant to Section 8.01(a) and/or 8.01(f),
the Obligations hereunder shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Laws, automatically accrue
interest at the Default Rate.
(c) Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default, any Term
Benchmark Loan will, upon the request of the Required Lenders, convert to a Base Rate Loan at the end of
the Interest Period then in effect for such Term Benchmark Loan.
(d) Interest on each Loan shall be due and payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date
applicable thereto and at such other times as may be specified herein. Interest hereunder shall be due and
payable in accordance with the terms hereof before and after judgment, and before and after the
commencement of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law.
(e) In connection with the use or administration of SOFR or the Term SOFR Reference
Rate, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes,
in consultation with the Borrower, from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein
or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Benchmark Replacement Conforming
Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement
or any other Loan Document. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders
of the effectiveness of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes in connection with the use or
administration of SOFR or Term SOFR Reference Rate, as applicable
Section 2.07 Fees.
(a) Commitment Fee. The Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account
of each Lender (other than any Defaulting Lenders) in accordance with its Applicable Percentage, a
commitment fee equal to the Applicable Rate times the average daily amount by which the Aggregate
Commitments exceed the Outstanding Amount. The commitment fee shall accrue at all times during the
Availability Period, and shall be due and payable quarterly in arrears on the last Business Day of each
March, June, September and December, commencing with the first such date to occur after the Effective
Date, and on the last day of the Availability Period.
(b)Other Fees.
(i) The Borrower shall pay to the Arranger, the Administrative Agent, and the
Lenders (as defined in the Engagement Letter) pursuant to the Engagement Letter for their own
respective accounts fees in the amounts and at the times specified in the Engagement Letter. All
such fees shall be fully earned when paid and shall not be refundable for any reason whatsoever.
(ii)The Borrower shall pay to the Lenders such fees as shall have been separately
agreed upon in writing in the amounts and at the times so specified. Such fees shall be fully earned
when paid and shall not be refundable for any reason whatsoever.
Section 2.08 Computation of Interest and Fees All computations of interest for Term
Benchmark Loans and other fees and interest shall be made on the basis of a year of 360 days and actual
days elapsed (which results in more interest being paid than if computed on the basis of a 365-day year). All
computations of interest for Base Rate Loans shall be made on the basis of a 365 or 366-day year, as the
case may be, and actual days elapsed. Interest shall accrue on each Loan for the day on which the Loan is 

- 38 -
made, and shall not accrue on a Loan, or any portion thereof, for the day on which the Loan or such portion
is paid, provided that any Loan that is repaid on the same day on which it is made shall, subject to
Section 2.10(a), bear interest for one day. Each determination by the Administrative Agent of an interest
rate or fee hereunder shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error.
Section 2.09 Evidence of Debt. The Borrowings made by each Lender shall be evidenced by one
or more accounts or records maintained by such Lender and by the Register maintained by the Administrative
Agent in the ordinary course of business. The accounts or records maintained by each Lender and the
Register maintained by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error of the amount of
the Borrowings made by the Lenders and the interest and payments thereon. Any failure to so record or any
error in doing so shall not, however, limit or otherwise affect the obligation of the Borrower hereunder to
pay any amount owing with respect to the Obligations. In the event of any conflict between the accounts
and records maintained by any Lender and the Register maintained by the Administrative Agent in respect
of such matters, the Register maintained by the Administrative Agent shall control in the absence of manifest
error. Upon the request of any Lender made through the Administrative Agent, the Borrower shall execute
and deliver to such Lender (through the Administrative Agent) a Note, which shall evidence such Lender s
Loans in addition to such accounts or records. Each Lender may attach schedules to its Note and endorse
thereon the date, Type, amount and maturity of its Loans and payments with respect thereto.
Section 2.10 Payments Generally; Administrative Agent s Clawback.
(a) General. All payments to be made by the Borrower shall be made free and clear of and
without condition or deduction for any counterclaim, defense, recoupment or setoff. Except as otherwise
expressly provided herein, all payments by the Borrower hereunder shall be made to the Administrative
Agent, for the account of the respective Lenders to which such payment is owed, at the Administrative
Agent s Office in Dollars and in immediately available funds not later than 2:00 p.m. on the date specified
herein. The Administrative Agent will promptly distribute to each Lender its Applicable Percentage (or
other applicable share as provided herein) of such payment in like funds as received by wire transfer to such
Lender s Lending Office. All payments received by the Administrative Agent after 2:00 p.m. shall be
deemed received on the next succeeding Business Day and any applicable interest or fee shall continue to
accrue. If any payment to be made by the Borrower shall come due on a day other than a Business Day,
payment shall be made on the next following Business Day, and such extension of time shall be reflected
in computing interest or fees, as the case may be.
(b)Clawback.
(i) Funding by Lenders; Presumption by Administrative Agent. Unless the
Administrative Agent shall have received notice from a Lender prior to the proposed date of any
Borrowing of Term Benchmark Loans (or, in the case of any Borrowing of Base Rate Loans, prior
to 12:00 noon on the date of such Borrowing) that such Lender will not make available to the
Administrative Agent such Lender s share of such Borrowing, the Administrative Agent may
assume that such Lender has made such share available on such date in accordance with
Section 2.02 (or, in the case of a Borrowing of Base Rate Loans, that such Lender has made such
share available in accordance with and at the time required by Section 2.02) and may, in reliance
upon such assumption, make available to the applicable Borrower a corresponding amount. In such
event, if a Lender has not in fact made its share of the applicable Borrowing available to the
Administrative Agent, then the applicable Lender and the Borrower severally agree to pay to the
Administrative Agent forthwith on demand such corresponding amount in immediately available
funds with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is made available
to the applicable Borrower to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at
(A) in the case of a payment to be made by such Lender, the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and 

- 39 -
a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on
interbank compensation, plus any administrative, processing or similar fees customarily charged
by the Administrative Agent in connection with the foregoing, and (B) in the case of a payment to
be made by the Borrower, the interest rate applicable to Base Rate Loans. If the Borrower and such
Lender shall pay such interest to the Administrative Agent for the same or an overlapping period,
the Administrative Agent shall promptly remit to the Borrower the amount of such interest paid by
the Borrower for such period. If such Lender pays its share of the applicable Borrowing to the
Administrative Agent, then the amount so paid shall constitute such Lender s Loan included in
such Borrowing. Any payment by the Borrower shall be without prejudice to any claim the
Borrower may have against a Lender that shall have failed to make such payment to the
Administrative Agent.
(ii)Payments by the Borrower; Presumptions by Administrative Agent. Unless the
Administrative Agent shall have received notice from the Borrower prior to the date on which any
payment is due to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders hereunder that the
Borrower will not make such payment, the Administrative Agent may assume that the Borrower
have made such payment on such date in accordance herewith and may, in reliance upon such
assumption, distribute to the Lenders the amount due. In such event, if the Borrower have not in
fact made such payment, then each of the Lenders severally agrees to repay to the Administrative
Agent forthwith on demand the amount so distributed to such Lender, in immediately available
funds with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to
it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the greater of the Federal
Funds Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry
rules on interbank compensation.
A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Lender or Borrower with respect to any amount owing under
this subsection (b) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error.
(c) Failure to Satisfy Conditions Precedent. If any Lender makes available to the
Administrative Agent funds for any Loan to be made by such Lender as provided in the foregoing provisions
of this Article II, and such funds are not made available to the applicable Borrower by the Administrative
Agent because the conditions to the applicable Borrowing set forth in Article IV are not satisfied or waived
in accordance with the terms hereof, the Administrative Agent shall promptly return such funds (in like
funds as received from such Lender) to such Lender, without interest.
(d)Obligations of Lenders Several. The obligations of the Lenders hereunder to make
Loans and payments pursuant to Section 10.04(c) are several and not joint. The failure of any Lender to
make any Loan or payment under Section 10.04(c) on any date required hereunder shall not relieve any
other Lender of its corresponding obligation to do so on such date, and no Lender shall be responsible for
the failure of any other Lender to so make its Loan or to make its payment under Section 10.04(c).
(e) Funding Source. Nothing herein shall be deemed to obligate any Lender to obtain the
funds for any Loan in any particular place or manner or to constitute a representation by any Lender that it
has obtained or will obtain the funds for any Loan or other funding obligation in any particular place or
manner.
Section 2.11 Sharing of Payments by Lenders. If any Lender shall, by exercising any right of
setoff or counterclaim or otherwise, obtain payment in respect of any principal of or interest on any of the
Loans made by it resulting in such Lender s receiving payment of a proportion of the aggregate amount of
such Loans and accrued interest thereon greater than its pro-rata share thereof as provided herein, then the
Lender receiving such greater proportion shall (i) notify the Administrative Agent of such fact, and (ii) 

- 40 -
purchase (for cash at face value) participations in the Loans of the other Lenders, or make such other
adjustments as shall be equitable, so that the benefit of all such payments shall be shared by the Lenders
ratably in accordance with the aggregate amount of principal of and accrued interest on their respective
Loans and other amounts owing to them, provided that:
(i) if any such participations or subparticipations are purchased and all or any
portion of the payment giving rise thereto is recovered, such participations or subparticipations
shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, without interest;
and
(ii)the provisions of this Section shall not be construed to apply to (x) any payment
made by or on behalf of the Borrower pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this
Agreement (including the application of funds arising from the existence of a Defaulting Lender)
or (y) any payment obtained by a Lender as consideration for the assignment of or sale of a
participation in any of its Loans to any assignee or participant.
The Borrower consents to the foregoing and agree, to the extent they may effectively do so
under applicable Law, that any Lender acquiring a participation pursuant to the foregoing arrangements
may exercise against the Borrower rights of setoff and counterclaim with respect to such participation as
fully as if such Lender were a direct creditor of the Borrower in the amount of such participation.
Section 2.12 Defaulting Lenders.
(a) Adjustments. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, if
any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then, until such time as that Lender is no longer a Defaulting
Lender, to the extent permitted by applicable Law:
(i) Termination of Defaulting Lender Commitment. The Borrower may terminate
the unused amount of the Commitment of a Defaulting Lender upon not less than two Business
Days prior notice to the Administrative Agent (which will promptly notify the Lenders thereof),
and in such event the provisions of clause (iii) below will apply to all amounts thereafter paid by
the Borrower for the account of such Defaulting Lender under this Agreement (whether on account
of principal, interest, fees, indemnity or other amounts), provided that such termination will not be
deemed to be a waiver or release of any claim the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, or any
Lender may have against such Defaulting Lender, or cause such Defaulting Lender to be a Non-Defaulting Lender.
(ii)Waivers and Amendments. Such Defaulting Lender s right to approve or
disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent with respect to this Agreement shall be restricted as
set forth in the definition of Required Lenders and Section 10.01.
(iii) Defaulting Lender Waterfall. Any payment of principal, interest, fees or other
amounts received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Defaulting Lender (whether
voluntary or mandatory, at maturity, pursuant to Article VIII or otherwise) or received by the
Administrative Agent from a Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 10.08 shall be applied at such
time or times as may be determined by the Administrative Agent as follows: first, to the payment
of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent hereunder; second,
as the Borrower may request (if no Default or Event of Default exists), to the funding of any Loan
in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has failed to fund its portion thereof as required by this
Agreement, as determined by the Administrative Agent; third, if so determined by the
Administrative Agent and the Borrower, to be held in a deposit account and released pro rata in 

- 41 -
order to satisfy such Defaulting Lender s potential future funding obligations with respect to Loans
under this Agreement; fourth, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Lenders as a result of
any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by any Lender against such Defaulting
Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender s breach of its obligations under this Agreement; fifth,
to the payment of any amounts owing to the Borrower as a result of any judgment of a court of
competent jurisdiction obtained by the Borrower against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such
Defaulting Lender's breach of its obligations under this Agreement; and sixth, to such Defaulting
Lender or as otherwise directed by a court of competent jurisdiction; provided that if (x) such
payment is a payment of the principal amount of any Loans in respect of which such Defaulting
Lender has not fully funded its appropriate share, and (y) such Loans were made at a time when
the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 were satisfied or waived, such payment shall be applied
solely to pay the Loans of all Non-Defaulting Lenders on a pro rata basis prior to being applied to
the payment of any Loans of such Defaulting Lender until such time as all Loans are held by the
Lenders pro rata in accordance with the Commitments. Any payments, prepayments or other
amounts paid or payable to a Defaulting Lender that are applied (or held) to pay amounts owed by
a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this Section 2.12(a)(iii) shall be deemed paid to and redirected by
such Defaulting Lender, and each Lender irrevocably consents hereto.
(iv) Certain Fees. Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, during such
period as a Lender is a Defaulting Lender, such Defaulting Lender will not be entitled to any fees
accruing during such period pursuant to Section 2.07(a) (without prejudice to the rights of the Non-Defaulting Lenders in respect of such fees).
(b)Defaulting Lender Cure. If the Borrower and the Administrative Agent agree in writing
in their discretion that a Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, the Administrative Agent will so notify
the parties hereto, whereupon as of the effective date specified in such notice and subject to any conditions
set forth therein, such Lender will, to the extent applicable, purchase at par such portion of outstanding
Loans of the other Lenders and/or make such other adjustments as the Administrative Agent may determine
to be necessary to cause the principal amount of the outstanding Loans of the Lenders to be on a pro-rata
basis in accordance with their respective Commitments, whereupon such Lender will cease to be a
Defaulting Lender and will be a Non-Defaulting Lender (and such outstanding principal amount of the
Loans of each Lender will automatically be adjusted on a prospective basis to reflect the foregoing);
provided that no adjustments will be made retroactively with respect to fees accrued or payments made by
or on behalf of the Borrower while such Lender was a Defaulting Lender; and provided further that except
to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no change hereunder from Defaulting
Lender to Non-Defaulting Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder
arising from such Lender s having been a Defaulting Lender.
Section 2.13 Benchmark Replacement.
(a) Benchmark Replacement. (i) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any
other Loan Document, upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark
Replacement Date have occurred prior to the Reference Time in respect of any setting of the then-current
Benchmark, then the Administrative Agent and the Borrower may amend this Agreement to replace the
then-current Benchmark and (x) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (1)
of the definition of Benchmark Replacement for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark
Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in
respect of such Benchmark setting and subsequent Benchmark settings without any amendment to, or
further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document and (y) if a
Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (2) of the definition of Benchmark
Replacement for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such 

- 42 -
Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of any Benchmark setting
at or after 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date notice of such
Benchmark Replacement is provided to the Lenders without any amendment to, or further action or consent
of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document so long as the Administrative Agent has
not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such Benchmark Replacement from Lenders
comprising the Required Lenders and (ii) no Swap Contract shall be deemed to be a Loan Document for
purposes of this Section 2.13. No replacement of a Benchmark with a Benchmark Replacement pursuant to
this Section 2.13(a) will occur prior to the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date.
(b) Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. In connection with the use,
administration, adoption or implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Administrative Agent will
have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time and,
notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments
implementing such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes will become effective without any
further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document.
(c) Notices; Standards for Decisions and Determinations. The Administrative Agent will
promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of (i) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement,
(ii) the effectiveness of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes in connection with the use,
administration, adoption or implementation of a Benchmark Replacement and (iii) any Benchmark
Transition Event and any Benchmark Replacement Date. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify
the Borrower of the removal or reinstatement of any tenor of a Benchmark pursuant to Section 2.13(d). Any
determination, decision or election that may be made by the Administrative Agent or, if applicable, any
Lender (or group of Lenders) pursuant to this Section 2.13, including any determination with respect to a
tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any
decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent
manifest error and may be made in its or their sole discretion and without consent from any other party to
this Agreement or any other Loan Document, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this
Section 2.13.
(d) Unavailability of Tenor of Benchmark. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein
or in any other Loan Document, at any time (including in connection with the implementation of a
Benchmark Replacement), (i) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate (including the Term SOFR
Reference Rate) and either (A) any tenor for such Benchmark is not displayed on a screen or other
information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in
its reasonable discretion or (B) the administrator of such Benchmark or the regulatory supervisor for the
administrator of such Benchmark has provided a public statement or publication of information announcing
that any tenor for such Benchmark is not or will not be representative or in compliance with or aligned with
the International Organization of Securities Commissions (IOSCO) Principles for Financial Benchmarks
(the IOSCO Principles ), then the Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period (or any similar or
analogous definition) for any Benchmark settings at or after such time to remove such unavailable, non-representative, non-compliant or non-aligned tenor and (ii) if a tenor that was removed pursuant to clause
(i) above either (A) is subsequently displayed on a screen or information service for a Benchmark (including
a Benchmark Replacement) or (B) is not, or is no longer, subject to an announcement that it is not or will
not be representative or in compliance with or aligned with the IOSCO Principles for a Benchmark
(including a Benchmark Replacement), then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of
 Interest Period (or any similar or analogous definition) for all Benchmark settings at or after such time to
reinstate such previously removed tenor.
(e) Benchmark Unavailability Period. Upon the Borrower s receipt of notice of the
commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period, the Borrower may revoke any request for a Term 

- 43 -
Benchmark Loan of, conversion to or continuation of Term Benchmark Loans to be made, converted or
continued during any Benchmark Unavailability Period and, failing that, the Borrower will be deemed to
have converted any such request into a request for a Borrowing of or conversion to Base Rate Loans. During
any Benchmark Unavailability Period or at any time that a tenor for the then-current Benchmark is not an
Available Tenor, the component of Base Rate based upon the then-current Benchmark or such tenor for
such Benchmark, as applicable, will not be used in any determination of Base Rate.
ARTICLE III
TAXES, YIELD PROTECTION AND ILLEGALITY
Section 3.01 Taxes.
(a) Defined Terms. For purposes of this Section 3.01 the term applicable Law includes
FATCA.
(b)Payments Free of Taxes. Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of
the Borrower under any Loan Document shall be made without deduction or withholding for any Taxes,
except as required by applicable Law. If any applicable Laws (as determined in the good faith discretion
of an applicable Withholding Agent) require the deduction or withholding of any Tax from any such
payment by a Withholding Agent, then the applicable Withholding Agent shall be entitled to make such
deduction or withholding and shall timely pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant
Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable Laws and, if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax, then
the sum payable by the applicable Borrower shall be increased as necessary so that after such deduction or
withholding has been made (including such deductions and withholdings applicable to additional sums
payable under this Section) the applicable Recipient receives an amount equal to the sum it would have
received had no such deduction or withholding been made.
(c) Payment of Other Taxes by the Borrower. The Borrower shall timely pay to the relevant
Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable Law, or at the option of the Administrative Agent
timely reimburse it for the payment of, any Other Taxes.
(d)Indemnification by the Borrower. The Borrower shall indemnify each Recipient, within
30 days after written demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes (including Indemnified
Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section) payable or paid by
such Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to such Recipient and any reasonable
expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly
or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of
such payment or liability delivered to the Borrower by a Recipient (with a copy to the Administrative
Agent), or by the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Recipient, shall be conclusive
absent manifest error.
(e) Indemnification by the Lenders. Each Lender shall severally indemnify the
Administrative Agent within 10 days after demand therefor, for (i) any Indemnified Taxes attributable to
such Lender (but only to the extent that the Borrower has not already indemnified the Administrative Agent
for such Indemnified Taxes and without limiting the obligation of the Borrower to do so), (ii) any Taxes
attributable to such Lender s failure to comply with the provisions of Section 10.06(d) relating to the
maintenance of a Participant Register and (iii) any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender, in each
case, that are payable or paid by the Administrative Agent in connection with any Loan Document, and any
reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or
legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such
payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent 

- 44 -
manifest error. Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all
amounts at any time owing to such Lender under any Loan Document or otherwise payable by the
Administrative Agent to the Lender from any other source against any amount due to the Administrative
Agent under this paragraph (e).
(f) Evidence of Payments. As soon as practicable after any payment of Taxes by the
Borrower to a Governmental Authority pursuant to this Section 3.01, the Borrower shall deliver to the
Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority
evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment
reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent.
(g) Status of Lenders; Tax Documentation.
(i) Any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding
Tax with respect to payments made under any Loan Document shall deliver to the Borrower and
the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the
Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested
by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made without
withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Lender, if reasonably requested
by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by
applicable Law or reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will enable
the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to
backup withholding or information reporting requirements or to avoid or reduce any withholding
tax. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion,
execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in
Section 3.01(g)(ii)(A), 3.01(g)(ii)(B), 3.01(g)(ii)(D), and 3.01(g)(iii) below) shall not be required
if in the Lender s reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject
such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal
or commercial position of such Lender.
(ii)Without limiting the generality of the foregoing:
(A) each Lender that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to the Borrower and
the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender
under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the
Borrower or the Administrative Agent), executed copies of IRS Form W-9 certifying that
such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding tax;
(B) each Non-U.S. Lender Party shall, to the extent it is legally entitled
to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies
as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Non-U.S.
Lender Party becomes a Non-U.S. Lender Party under this Agreement (and from time to
time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent),
whichever of the following is applicable:
(1) in the case of a Non-U.S. Lender Party claiming the benefits of
an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party (x) with respect to
payments of interest under any Loan Document, executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E establishing an exemption from, or reduction of,
U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the interest article of such tax treaty
and (y) with respect to any other applicable payments under any Loan Document, 

- 45 -
IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E establishing an exemption from, or
reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the business profits or
 other income article of such tax treaty;
(2) executed copies of IRS Form W-8ECI;
(3) in the case of a Non-U.S. Lender Party claiming the benefits of
the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code, (x) a
certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit E-1 to the effect that such Non-U.S.
Lender Party is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the
Code, a 10 percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section
881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or a controlled foreign corporation described in
Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code (a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate and (y)
executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E; or
(4) to the extent a Non-U.S. Lender Party is not the beneficial
owner, executed copies of IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN-E, IRS Form W-8BEN, a U.S. Tax Compliance
Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit E-2 or Exhibit E-3, IRS Form W-9,
and/or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable;
provided that if the Non-U.S. Lender Party is a partnership and one or more direct
or indirect partners of such Non-U.S. Lender Party are claiming the portfolio
interest exemption, such Non-U.S. Lender Party may provide a U.S. Tax
Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit E-4 on behalf of each
such direct and indirect partner;
(C) each Non-U.S. Lender Party shall, to the extent it is legally entitled
to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies
as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Non-U.S.
Lender Party becomes a Non-U.S. Lender Party under this Agreement (and from time to
time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent),
executed originals of any other form prescribed by applicable Law as a basis for claiming
exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding Tax, duly completed, together
with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable Law to permit
the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine the withholding or deduction
required to be made; and
(D) if a payment made to a Non-U.S. Lender Party under any Loan
Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such
Non-U.S. Lender Party were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements
of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as
applicable), such Non-U.S. Lender Party shall deliver to the Borrower and the
Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times
reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent such documentation
prescribed by applicable Law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the
Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the
Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Borrower and the Administrative Agent
to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Non-U.S.
Lender Party has complied with such Non-U.S. Lender Party s obligations under FATCA
or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes 

- 46 -
of this clause (D), FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date
of this Agreement.
(iii) Each Lender agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered
expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification
and deliver them to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent or promptly notify the Borrower
and the Administrative Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so.
(h) Treatment of Certain Refunds. If any party determines, in its sole discretion exercised
in good faith, that it has received a refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified pursuant to this
Section 3.01 (including by the payment of additional amounts pursuant to this Section 3.01), it shall pay to
the indemnifying party an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made
under this Section with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses
(including Taxes) of such indemnified party and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant
Governmental Authority with respect to such refund). Such indemnifying party, upon the request of such
indemnified party, shall repay to such indemnified party the amount paid pursuant to this paragraph (h)
(plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) in the event
that such indemnified party is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this paragraph (h), in no event will the indemnified party be
required to pay any amount to an indemnifying party pursuant to this paragraph (h) the payment of which
would place the indemnified party in a less favorable net after-Tax position than the indemnified party
would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been
deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts with
respect to such Tax had never been paid. This paragraph shall not be construed to require any indemnified
party to make available its Tax returns (or any other information relating to its Taxes that it deems
confidential) to the indemnifying party or any other Person.
(i) Survival. Each party s obligations under this Section 3.01 shall survive the resignation
or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender,
the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all Obligations under
any Loan Document.
Section 3.02 Illegality. If any Lender determines that any Change in Law or introduction of any
law has made it unlawful, or that any Governmental Authority has asserted that it is unlawful, for any Lender
or its Lending Office to make, maintain or fund Loans whose interest is determined by reference to the Term
SOFR Rate, or to determine or charge interest rates based upon the Term SOFR Rate (a Term SOFR
Illegality Event ), then, upon notice thereof by such Lender to the Borrower through the Administrative
Agent, (i) any obligation of such Lender to make or continue Term Benchmark Loans or to convert Base
Rate Loans to Term Benchmark Loans shall be suspended, and (ii) if such notice asserts the illegality of
such Lender making or maintaining Base Rate Loans the interest rate on which is determined by reference
to the Term SOFR Rate component of the Base Rate, the interest rate on which Base Rate Loans of such
Lender shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without
reference to the Term SOFR Rate component of the Base Rate, in each case until such Lender notifies the
Administrative Agent and the Borrower that the circumstances giving rise to such determination no longer
exist. Upon receipt of such notice, (x) the Borrower shall, upon demand from such Lender (with a copy to
the Administrative Agent), prepay or, if applicable, convert all Term Benchmark Loans of such Lender to
Base Rate Loans (the interest rate on which Base Rate Loans of such Lender shall, if necessary to avoid such
illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to the Term SOFR Rate component
of the Base Rate), either on the last day of the Interest Period therefor, if such Lender may lawfully continue
to maintain such Term Benchmark Loans to such day, or immediately, if such Lender may not lawfully
continue to maintain such Term Benchmark Loans and (y) if such notice asserts the illegality of such Lender 

- 47 -
determining or charging interest rates based upon the Term SOFR Rate, the Administrative Agent shall
during the period of such suspension compute the Base Rate applicable to such Lender without reference to
the Term Benchmark component thereof until the Administrative Agent is advised in writing by such Lender
that it is no longer illegal for such Lender to determine or charge interest rates based upon the Term
Benchmark. Upon any such prepayment or conversion, the Borrower shall also pay accrued interest on the
amount so prepaid or converted and any amount payable pursuant to Section 3.05. During any period in
which a Term SOFR Illegality Event is in effect, the Borrower may request, through the Administrative
Agent, that the Lenders affected by such Term SOFR Illegality Event confirm that the circumstances giving
rise to the Term SOFR Illegality Event continue to be in effect. If, within ten (10) Business Days following
such confirmation request, such Lenders have not confirmed the continued effectiveness of such Term SOFR
Illegality Event, then such Term SOFR Illegality Event shall no longer be deemed to be in effect; provided,
that (A) the Borrower shall not be permitted to submit any such request more than once in any 30-day period
and (B) nothing contained in this Section 3.02 or the failure to provide confirmation of the continued
effectiveness of such Term SOFR Illegality Event shall in any way affect the Lenders right to provide any
additional notices of an Term SOFR Illegality Event as provided in this Section 3.02.
Section 3.03 Inability to Determine Rates. Unless the provisions of Section 2.13 apply, if the
Required Lenders determine that for any reason in connection with any request for a Term Benchmark Loan
or a conversion to or continuation thereof that (i) adequate and reasonable means do not exist for determining
the Term SOFR Rate for any requested Interest Period with respect to a proposed Term Benchmark Loan or
in connection with an existing or proposed Base Rate Loan, or (ii) the Term SOFR Rate for any requested
Interest Period with respect to a proposed Term Benchmark Loan does not adequately and fairly reflect the
cost to such Lenders of funding such Loan (each, a Market Disruption Event ), the Administrative Agent
will promptly so notify the Borrower and each Lender. Thereafter, (x) the obligation of the Lenders to make
or maintain Term Benchmark Loans shall be suspended, and (y) in the event of a determination described in
the preceding sentence with respect to the Term SOFR Rate component of the Base Rate, the utilization of
the Term SOFR Rate component in determining the Base Rate shall be suspended, in each case until the
Administrative Agent (upon the instruction of the Required Lenders) revokes such notice. Upon receipt of
such notice, the Borrower may revoke any pending request for a Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation
of Term Benchmark Loans or, failing that, will be deemed to have converted such request into a request for
a Borrowing of Base Rate Loans in the amount specified therein.
Section 3.04 Increased Costs; Reserves on Term Benchmark Loans.
(a) Increased Costs Generally. If any Change in Law shall:
(i) impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit, compulsory
loan, insurance charge or similar requirement against assets of, deposits with or for the account of,
or credit extended or participated in by, any Lender (except any reserve requirement contemplated
by Section 3.04(e));
(ii)subject any Recipient to any Taxes (other than (A) Indemnified Taxes, (B)
Taxes described in clauses (ii) through (iv) of the definition of Excluded Taxes and
(C) Connection Income Taxes) on its loans, loan principal, commitments, or other obligations, or
its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto; or
(iii) impose on any Lender any other condition, cost or expense (other than Taxes)
affecting this Agreement or Term Benchmark Loans made by such Lender (except any reserve
requirement contemplated by Section 3.04(e)), 

- 48 -
and the result of any of the foregoing shall be to increase the cost to such Lender of making, converting to,
continuing or maintaining any Loan the interest on which is determined by reference to the Term SOFR
Rate (or of maintaining its obligation to make any such Loan), or to reduce the amount of any sum received
or receivable by such Lender hereunder (whether of principal, interest or any other amount) then, upon
request of such Lender, the Borrower will pay to such Lender such additional amount or amounts as will
compensate such Lender for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered.
(b)Capital Requirements. If any Lender determines that any Change in Law affecting such
Lender or any Lending Office of such Lender or such Lender s holding company, if any, regarding capital
or liquidity requirements has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lender s capital
or on the capital of such Lender s holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement, the
Commitments of such Lender or the Loans made by such Lender to a level below that which such Lender
or such Lender s holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into
consideration such Lender s policies and the policies of such Lender s holding company with respect to
capital adequacy and liquidity), then from time to time the Borrower will pay to such Lender such additional
amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or such Lender s holding company for any such
reduction suffered.
(c) Certificates for Reimbursement. A certificate of a Lender setting forth the amount or
amounts necessary to compensate such Lender or its holding company, as the case may be, as specified in
subsection (a) or (b) of this Section 3.04 and delivered to the Borrower, shall be conclusive absent manifest
error. The Borrower shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within 30 days
after receipt thereof.
(d)Delay in Requests. Failure or delay on the part of any Lender to demand compensation
pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section shall not constitute a waiver of such Lender s right to
demand such compensation.
Section 3.05 Compensation for Losses. Upon demand of any Lender (with a copy to the
Administrative Agent) from time to time, the Borrower shall promptly compensate such Lender for and hold
such Lender harmless from any loss, cost or expense incurred by it as a result of:
(i) such Lender s actual loss, cost and expense incurred by such Lender as a
consequence of (a) Borrower s failure to make any payment when due on a Term Benchmark Loan,
(b) any payment, prepayment or conversion of any Term Benchmark Loan on a day other than the
last day of the Interest Period, or (c) any failure to make a borrowing or conversion of a Term
Benchmark Loan after giving notice thereof, in each case whether voluntarily, by reason of
acceleration or otherwise; provided that such loss, cost or expense shall exclude any loss of
anticipated profit and all administrative, processing or similar fees. Any Lender requesting
compensation under this Section shall be required to deliver a certificate to the Borrower that sets
forth any amount or amounts that such Lender is entitled to receive pursuant to this Section, the
basis therefor and, in reasonable detail, the manner in which such amount or amounts were
determined, which certificate shall be conclusive absent manifest error. A certificate as to any
amounts payable pursuant to this paragraph given to Borrower s by Administrative Agent shall, in
the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and shall be payable within ten (10) Business Days
after receipt of such certificate;
(ii)any failure by the Borrower (for a reason other than the failure of such Lender
to make a Loan) to prepay, borrow, continue or convert any Loan other than a Base Rate Loan on
the date or in the amount notified by the Borrower; or 

- 49 -
(iii) any assignment of a Term Benchmark Loan on a day other than the last day
of the Interest Period therefor as a result of a request by the Borrower pursuant to Section 10.13;
including any loss of anticipated profits (other than margins) and any loss or expense arising from the
liquidation or reemployment of funds obtained by it to maintain such Loan or from fees payable to terminate
the deposits from which such funds were obtained. The Borrower shall also pay any customary
administrative fees charged by such Lender in connection with the foregoing.
For purposes of calculating amounts payable by the Borrower to the Lenders under this
Section 3.05, each Lender shall be deemed to have funded each Term Benchmark Loan made by it at the
Term SOFR Rate for such Loan by a matching deposit or other borrowing in the London interbank
eurodollar market for a comparable amount and for a comparable period, whether or not such Term
Benchmark Loan was in fact so funded.
Section 3.06Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders.
(a) Designation of a Different Lending Office. If any Lender requests compensation under
Section 3.04, or requires the Borrower to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts to any Lender
or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 3.01, or if any Lender
gives a notice pursuant to Section 3.02, then at the request of the Borrower, such Lender shall use reasonable
efforts to designate a different Lending Office for funding or booking its Loans hereunder or to assign its
rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or affiliates, if, in the judgment of such
Lender, such designation or assignment (i) would eliminate or reduce amounts then or thereafter payable
pursuant to Section 3.01 or 3.04, as the case may be, or eliminate the need for the notice pursuant to Section
3.02, as applicable, and (ii) in each case, would not subject such Lender to any unreimbursed cost or expense
and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender. The Borrower hereby agrees to pay all
reasonable costs and expenses incurred by any Lender in connection with any such designation or
assignment.
(b)Replacement of Lenders. If any Lender requests compensation under Section 3.04, or
if the Borrower is required to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts to any Lender or any
Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 3.01, or if any Lender gives a
notice pursuant to Section 3.02, and, in each case, such Lender has declined or is unable to designate a
different Lending Office in accordance with Section 3.06(a), the Borrower may replace such Lender in
accordance with Section 10.13.
Section 3.07 Survival. All of the Borrower s obligations under this Article III shall survive
termination of the Aggregate Commitments, repayment of all other Obligations hereunder, and resignation
of the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent.
ARTICLE IV
CONDITIONS PRECEDENT
Section 4.01 Conditions to Effectiveness. The effectiveness of this Agreement is subject to the
satisfaction (or waiver in accordance with Section 10.01) of the following conditions precedent:
(a) The Administrative Agent s receipt of the following, and each of which shall be in form
and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders:
(i) a counterpart to this Agreement executed by the Borrower, the Administrative
Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Lenders; 

- 50 -
(ii)a Note executed by the Borrower in favor of each Lender requesting a Note in
writing at least three Business Days prior to the Effective Date;
(iii) the Security Documents executed by the Borrower and the Collateral Agent;
(iv) such customary certificates of resolutions or other action, incumbency
certificates and/or other certificates of Responsible Officers of the Loan Parties as the
Administrative Agent may reasonably require evidencing the identity, authority and capacity of
each Responsible Officer thereof authorized to act as a Responsible Officer in connection with this
Agreement and the other Loan Documents;
(v) such documents and certifications as the Administrative Agent may reasonably
require to evidence that the Loan Parties are duly organized or formed, validly existing and in good
standing (to the extent such concept is applicable) in their respective jurisdictions of organization;
(vi) customary opinions of Foley Lardner LLP, counsel to the Borrower,
addressed to the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and each Lender;
(vii) a certificate (which certificate shall be true and correct) signed by a
Responsible Officer of the Borrower certifying that the conditions specified in Sections 4.02(a) and
4.02(b) have been satisfied;
(viii) prior to the Effective Date, (x) the documentation and other information
reasonably requested by the Lenders in writing at least five (5) Business Days prior to the Effective
Date required in order to comply with applicable know your customer and anti-money-laundering
rules and regulations, including the PATRIOT Act and (y) a Beneficial Ownership Certification of
the Borrower (to the extent requested at least five (5) days prior to the Effective Date);
(ix) the Administrative Agent shall have received a solvency certificate from the
Chief Financial Officer (or another officer with reasonably equivalent responsibilities) of the
Borrower in the form attached as Exhibit G hereto, certifying as to the matters set forth therein;
(x) the Administrative Agent shall have received (A) the Audited Financial
Statements and (B) a duly completed copy of the Perfection Certificate;
(xi) the Administrative Agent shall have received all customary UCC, tax and
judgment lien searches in the relevant jurisdictions and searches of the United States Patent and
Trademark Office and the United States Copyright Office as of recent date;
(xii) the Collateral Agent shall have received all UCC financing statements and IP
Security Agreements required to be filed or recorded in order to create in favor of the Collateral
Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, a perfected Lien in the Collateral described in the
Security Agreement, as applicable, shall have been delivered to the Collateral Agent and be in
proper form for filing; and
(xiii) the Collateral Agent shall have received original certificated securities (as
defined in the UCC), if any, representing pledged equity, if any, pursuant to the Security
Documents, together with undated stock powers or transfer power in blank. 

- 51 -
(b) Any fees, costs or expenses required to be paid or reimbursed on or before the Effective
Date pursuant to the Engagement Letter, including the fees and expenses of Fried, Frank, Harris, Shriver
and Jacobson LLP as counsel to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, shall have been paid.
Without limiting the generality of the provisions of Section 9.03(c), for purposes of
determining compliance with the conditions specified in this Section 4.01, each Lender that has signed this
Agreement shall be deemed to have consented to, approved or accepted or to be satisfied with, each
document or other matter required thereunder to be consented to or approved by or acceptable or satisfactory
to a Lender unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from such Lender prior to the
Effective Date specifying its objection thereto.
Section 4.02 Conditions to all Borrowings. The obligation of each Lender to honor a Loan
Notice (other than a Loan Notice requesting only a conversion of Loans to the other Type, or a continuation
of Term Benchmark Loans), is subject to the following conditions precedent:
(a) The representations and warranties of the Borrower contained in Article V or any other
Loan Document shall be true and correct in all material respects (except that those representations and
warranties which are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect shall be true and correct in all
respects) on and as of the date of such Borrowing, except to the extent that such representations and
warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct in all material
respects (except that those representations and warranties which are qualified by materiality or Material
Adverse Effect shall be true and correct in all respects) as of such earlier date, and except that for purposes
of this Section 4.02, the representations and warranties contained in subsection (a) of Section 5.05 shall be
deemed to refer to the most recent statements furnished pursuant to clauses (i) and (ii), respectively, of
Section 6.01.
(b) No Default or Event of Default shall then exist, or would result from such proposed
Borrowing or from the application of the proceeds thereof.
(c) The Administrative Agent shall have received a Loan Notice in accordance with the
requirements hereof.
Each Loan Notice (other than a Loan Notice requesting only a conversion of Loans to the
other Type or a continuation of Term Benchmark Loans) submitted by the Borrower shall be deemed to be
a representation and warranty that the conditions specified in Sections 4.02(a) and (b) have been satisfied
on and as of the date of the applicable Borrowing.
ARTICLE V
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
The Borrower represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent
and the Lenders that:
Section 5.01 Existence, Qualification and Power. The Borrower and each of its Material
Subsidiaries (i) is duly organized, registered or formed, validly existing and, as applicable, in good standing
(to the extent such concept is applicable) under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation, registration
or organization, (ii) has all requisite power and authority and all requisite governmental licenses,
authorizations, consents and approvals from all Governmental Authorities to (A) own or lease its assets and
carry on its business as then conducted and (B) execute, deliver and perform its obligations under the Loan
Documents to which it is a party, and (iii) is duly qualified and is licensed and, as applicable, in good standing
under the Laws of each jurisdiction where its ownership, lease or operation of properties or the conduct of 

- 52 -
its business requires such qualification or license, except in each case referred to in clause (i) (other than
with respect to the existence of the Borrower), (ii)(A) or (iii), to the extent that failure to do so would not
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
Section 5.02 Authorization; No Contravention. The execution, delivery and performance by
the Borrower of each Loan Document to which it is party have been duly authorized by all necessary
corporate or other organizational action, and do not and will not (i) contravene the terms of its Organizational
Documents, (ii) conflict with or result in any breach or contravention of, or the creation of any Lien under
(A) any Contractual Obligation to which the Borrower is a party or affecting the Borrower or the properties
of the Borrower which would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect or (B) any order,
injunction, writ or decree of any Governmental Authority or any arbitral award to which the Borrower or
it s applicable property is subject which would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect
or (iii) violate any Law the effect of which would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse
Effect.
Section 5.03 Governmental Authorization; Other Consents. No approval, consent,
exemption, authorization, or other action by, or notice to, or filing with, any Governmental Authority or any
other Person is necessary or required in connection with the execution, delivery or performance by, or
enforcement against, the Borrower of this Agreement or any other Loan Document to which the Borrower
is a party, except for such approvals (or deemed approvals), consents, exemptions, authorizations, actions,
notices or filings that have been duly obtained, taken or made and are in full force and effect and except as
would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.
Section 5.04 Execution and Delivery; Binding Effect. This Agreement has been, and each other
Loan Document to which the Borrower is a party, when delivered hereunder, will have been, duly executed
and delivered by the Borrower. This Agreement constitutes, and each other Loan Document to which the
Borrower is a party when so delivered will constitute, a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Borrower,
enforceable against the Borrower in accordance with its terms except as such enforceability may be limited
by statutes of limitation, bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, receivership, moratorium or other Laws
affecting creditors rights generally, by defenses of set-off and counterclaim (to the extent not otherwise
waived hereunder or under the Loan Documents), and by general principles of equity, regardless of whether
considered in a proceeding in equity or at law.
Section 5.05 Financial Statements; No Material Adverse Effect.
(a) Financial Statements. The Audited Financial Statements fairly present in all material
respects the consolidated financial position of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the dates thereof and
their consolidated results of operations and cash flows for the period covered thereby in accordance with
GAAP, except as otherwise expressly noted therein. The Unaudited Financial Statements were prepared in
accordance with GAAP except as otherwise expressly noted therein and fairly present in all material
respects the consolidated financial position of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the dates thereof and
their consolidated results of operations for the periods covered thereby in accordance with GAAP, except
as otherwise expressly noted therein and subject to the absence of footnotes and to normal year-end audit
adjustments.
(b)No Material Adverse Change. Since December 31, 2021, there has been no event or
circumstance that, either individually or in the aggregate, has had or would reasonably be expected to have
a Material Adverse Effect.
Section 5.06 Litigation. There are no actions, suits, proceedings or investigations pending or, to
the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened in writing, at Law, in equity, in arbitration or before any 

- 53 -
Governmental Authority, by or against the Borrower or any Subsidiary of the Borrower or against any of
their properties that (i) either individually or in the aggregate would reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect or (ii) affect the validity or enforceability of this Agreement or any other Loan
Document or any of the transactions contemplated hereby.
Section 5.07 No Default. No Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would
result from the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any other Loan
Document.
Section 5.08 Property.
(a) Ownership of Properties. The Borrower and each Material Subsidiary of the Borrower
has good record and indefeasible title to, valid leasehold interests in, or license to use all property and assets
necessary or used in the ordinary conduct of its business, free and clear of all Liens (other than Liens
permitted under Section 7.02) except for such lack of rights that, either individually or in the aggregate,
could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
(b)Intellectual Property. The Borrower and each Material Subsidiary of the Borrower own,
license or possess the right to use all of the trademarks, tradenames, service marks, trade names, copyrights,
patents, franchises, licenses and other intellectual property rights that are necessary for the operation of
their respective businesses, as currently conducted, and the use thereof by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries
does not conflict with the rights of any other Person, except to the extent that such failure to own, license
or possess or such conflicts, either individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to
have a Material Adverse Effect. The conduct of the business of the Borrower and each Material Subsidiary
of the Borrower as currently conducted or as contemplated to be conducted does not infringe upon or violate
any intellectual property rights held by any other Person, except to the extent that such infringements and
violations, either individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect. No claim or litigation regarding any of the foregoing is pending or, to the knowledge of the
Borrower, is threatened that, either individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to have
a Material Adverse Effect.
Section 5.09 Taxes. The Borrower and each Material Subsidiary of the Borrower have filed (or
caused to be filed) all U.S. federal and all material non-U.S. and other material tax returns and reports
required to be filed, and have paid (or caused to be paid) all U.S. federal, material non-U.S. and other material
taxes, assessments, fees and other governmental charges levied or imposed upon them or their properties,
income or assets otherwise due and payable, except Taxes which are being contested in good faith by
appropriate proceedings and for which adequate reserves have been provided in accordance with GAAP or
SAP, as the case may be.
Section 5.10 Subsidiaries; Capitalization. Schedule 5.10 sets forth as of the Effective Date the
name and jurisdiction of incorporation of each Subsidiary and, as to each Subsidiary, the percentage of each
class of Equity Interests owned, directly or indirectly, by the Borrower (and, in the case of any Equity
Interests in a Subsidiary indirectly owned by the Borrower, the percentage of each class of Equity Interests
of such Subsidiary owned directly by any intervening Subsidiary).
Section 5.11 Disclosure. No written report, financial statement, certificate or other written
information furnished (other than preliminary, projected or pro-forma information and general market or
industry data) by or on behalf of the Borrower or the Guarantors to the Administrative Agent or any Lender
for use in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and the negotiation of this Agreement or
delivered hereunder or under any other Loan Document (as modified or supplemented by other information
so furnished) contains any material misstatement of fact or omits to state any material fact necessary to make 

- 54 -
the statements therein (when taken as a whole), in the light of the circumstances under which they were
made, not materially misleading. The preliminary, projected or pro-forma information contained in the
materials referenced in the preceding sentence (if any) were prepared in good faith based upon assumptions
believed to be reasonable at the time made (it being understood that such projected or pro-forma information
is subject to uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are outside the control of the Borrower, and
may vary from actual results and that such variances may be material).
Section 5.12 Compliance with Laws and Contractual Obligations. The Borrower and each
Material Subsidiary of the Borrower is in compliance with the requirements of all Contractual Obligations,
all Laws (including Environmental Laws) and all orders, writs, injunctions and decrees applicable to it or to
its properties, except in such instances in which (i) such requirement of Law or order, writ, injunction or
decree is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted or (ii) the failure to
so comply, either individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect.
Section 5.13 ERISA Compliance.
(a) Except as would not reasonably be expected, either individually or in the aggregate, to
have a Material Adverse Effect, each Pension Plan is in compliance with the applicable provisions of
ERISA, the Code and other U.S. federal or state Laws. No ERISA Event has occurred with respect to any
Pension Plan, that, when taken together with all such ERISA Events for which liability is reasonably
expected to occur, would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.
(b) To the extent applicable, each foreign Benefit Plan has been maintained in compliance
with its terms and with the requirements of any and all applicable requirements of Law and has been
maintained, where required, in good standing with applicable regulatory authorities, except to the extent
that the failure to so comply or maintain has had or would not reasonably be expected, either individually
or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect.
Section 5.14 Environmental Matters. The Borrower and its Material Subsidiaries are not
subject to any claim alleging liability or responsibility for violation of any Environmental Law in connection
with their respective businesses, operations and properties, except for claims which would not, individually
or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
Section 5.15 Margin Regulations. The Borrower is not engaged, principally or as one of its
important activities, in the business of purchasing or carrying Margin Stock, or extending credit for the
purpose of purchasing or carrying Margin Stock, and no part of the proceeds of any Loan hereunder will be
used to buy or carry any margin stock in violation of Regulation U of the Board of Governors of the Federal
Reserve System or to extend credit to others for the purpose of purchasing or carrying any such margin stock,
in each case in contravention of Regulation T, U or X of the Federal Reserve System. Following the
application of the proceeds of each Borrowing, not more than 25 of the value of the assets of the Borrower
and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis subject to Section 7.02 or other restriction on transfer or
disposition hereunder will be Margin Stock.
Section 5.16 Investment Company Act. No Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries is required to
register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940.
Section 5.17 Anti-Corruption Laws, Sanctions and Beneficial Ownership Regulation. (i)
The Borrower has implemented and maintains in effect policies and procedures reasonably designed to
ensure compliance by it, its Subsidiaries and, to the extent acting on their behalf and under their control,
their respective directors, officers, affiliates, employees and agents with Anti-Corruption Laws and 

- 55 -
Sanctions, and (ii) the Borrower and its Subsidiaries and, to the knowledge of the Borrower, its directors,
officers, affiliates, employees, and agents, to the extent are acting on their behalf, are in compliance with
Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions. None of the Borrower or any Subsidiary or any of their directors or
officers, or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, any of their employees or agents, is a Sanctioned Person.
The Borrower is in compliance with the Uniting And Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools
Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act (USA Patriot Act of 2001) and all implementing
regulations. As of the Effective Date, the information included in the Beneficial Ownership Certification is
true and correct in all material respects.
Section 5.18 Solvency. As of the Effective Date, the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, on a
consolidated basis, are Solvent.
Section 5.19 Collateral. Except as otherwise contemplated hereby or under any other Loan
Documents, the provisions of the Loan Documents, together with such filings and other actions required to
be taken hereby or by the applicable Loan Documents (including the delivery to Administrative Agent of
any pledged debt and any pledged equity required to be delivered pursuant to the applicable Loan
Documents), are effective to create in favor of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured
Parties, a legal, valid, enforceable and first priority perfected security interest in or Lien on all right, title and
interest of the respective Loan Parties in the Collateral described therein except as such enforceability may
be limited by (i) bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws relating to or limiting
creditors rights generally or by equitable principles; (ii) the effect of foreign laws, rules and regulations as
they relate to pledges of Equity Interests in or Debt owed by Foreign Subsidiaries; and (iii) as to priority,
Liens permitted by Section 7.02.
(b) Notwithstanding anything herein (including this Section 5.19) or in any other Loan
Document to the contrary, neither the Borrower nor any other Loan Party makes any representation or
warranty as to (A) the effects of perfection or non-perfection, the priority or the enforceability of any pledge
of or security interest in any Equity Interests of any Foreign Subsidiary, or as to the rights and remedies of
the Administrative Agent or any Lender with respect thereto, under foreign law, (B) the pledge or creation
of any security interest, or the effects of perfection or non-perfection, the priority or the enforceability of
any pledge of or security interest to the extent such pledge, security interest, perfection or priority is not
required pursuant to Section 6.12 or (C) on the Effective Date and until required pursuant to Section 6.12,
the pledge or creation of any security interest, or the effects of perfection or non-perfection, the priority or
enforceability of any pledge or security interest to the extent not required on the Effective Date or the date
or period for provision of the same has not yet occurred or expired pursuant to Section 6.12 or any other
applicable provision of the Loan Documents.
Section 5.20 EEA Financial Institutions. Neither the Borrower nor any Subsidiary is an EEA
Financial Institution.
Section 5.21 Insurance Licenses. Schedule T to the most recent annual Statutory Statement of
each Material Insurance Company lists, as of the date of such Statutory Statement, all of the jurisdictions in
which such Insurance Company holds active Licenses. Each Material Insurance Company is in compliance
with each License held by it. No License of a Material Insurance Company is the subject of a proceeding for
suspension or revocation or any similar proceedings, there is no sustainable basis for such a suspension or
revocation and, to the knowledge of the Borrower, no such suspension or revocation has been threatened in
writing by any Applicable Insurance Regulatory Authority except in any such case where such proceedings
would not have a Material Adverse Effect. 

- 56 -
ARTICLE VI
AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS
Until the Commitments have expired or been terminated and all Obligations (other than
Obligations under Secured Hedging Agreements, Secured Cash Management Agreements and contingent
obligations for which no claim has been asserted) have been paid in full, the Borrower covenants and agrees
with the Lenders that:
Section 6.01 Financial Statements and Statutory Statements. The Borrower will furnish to the
Administrative Agent (which will make available to each Lender):
(i) within 90 days after the end of each fiscal year of the Borrower, a consolidated
balance sheet of the Borrower and its subsidiaries as at the end of such fiscal year and the related
consolidated statements of income, equity and cash flows of the Borrower and its subsidiaries for
such fiscal year, in each case prepared in accordance with GAAP and setting forth in comparative
form the figures for the previous fiscal year, together with an accountant s report, issued by Mazars
USA LLP or other independent public accountants of nationally recognized standing, which report
and opinion shall not be subject to any going concern or like qualification or exception or any
qualification or exception as to the scope of such audit, to the effect that such consolidated financial
statements present fairly in all material respects the financial position, results of operations and
cash flows of the Borrower and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP;
(ii)within 45 days after each of the first three fiscal quarters of each fiscal year, a
consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its subsidiaries as at the end of such fiscal quarter
and the related consolidated statements of income, equity and cash flows of the Borrower and its
subsidiaries for such fiscal quarter and for the portion of the Borrower s fiscal year then ended in
each case setting forth in comparative form, as applicable, the figures for the corresponding fiscal
quarter of the previous fiscal year and the corresponding portion of the previous fiscal year, certified
by a Financial Officer of the Borrower as fairly presenting in all material respects the financial
position, results of operations and, if applicable, cash flows of the Borrower and subsidiaries on a
consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP consistently applied throughout such period, subject
only to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes; and
(iii) within five Business Days after filing with any Applicable Insurance
Regulatory Authority (if so required), delivery of Statutory Statements of Insurance Companies
and any reports submitted to such Applicable Insurance Regulatory Authority with such Statutory
Statements (including any related statement of actuarial opinion and including any report of an
accounting firm).
Section 6.02 Certificates; Other Information. The Borrower will deliver to the Administrative
Agent (which will make available to each Lender):
(i) substantially concurrently with the delivery of the financial statements referred
to in Sections 6.01(i) and 6.01(ii), a duly completed Compliance Certificate signed by a
Responsible Officer of the Borrower (A) certifying that such Responsible Officer has no knowledge
as to whether a Default or Event of Default is continuing or, if a Default or Event of Default is
continuing, specifying the details thereof, (B) setting forth reasonably detailed calculations of the
Consolidated Debt to Capitalization Ratio of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, the Consolidated
Net Worth of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, the Liquidity of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries
and the Risk-Based Capital Ratio and demonstrating compliance with the covenants set forth in
Section 7.11 as of the last day of the period for which such financial statements are delivered, and 

- 57 -
(C) identifying any Subsidiary that has been formed or acquired during the fiscal year covered by
such financial statements
(ii)promptly after the same are publicly available, copies of each annual report,
proxy or other materials filed by the Borrower or any Subsidiary with the SEC;
(iii) promptly provide documentation and other information reasonably requested
in writing by any Lender that is required in order to comply with applicable know your customer 
and anti-money-laundering rules and regulations, and, for purposes of compliance with the
Beneficial Ownership Regulation;
(iv) promptly provide copies of final reports on examination issued by Applicable
Insurance Regulatory Authorities;
(v) promptly upon receipt thereof, copies of all final reports, if any, submitted to
the board of directors of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries by independent public accountants
in connection with each annual, interim or special audit of the financial statements of Borrower or
any of its Subsidiaries made by such accountants;
(vi) promptly update the Beneficial Ownership Certification delivered to any
Lender following any change to the list of beneficial owners identified in such Beneficial
Ownership Certification; and
(vii) promptly following any written request therefor (except to the extent
prohibited by applicable law, regulatory policy, regulatory restriction or confidentiality agreement
or to the extent covered by attorney-client or other legal privilege (as determined in the reasonable
good faith judgment of the Borrower)), such other information regarding the financial position or
business of the Borrower as the Administrative Agent or any Lender (through the Administrative
Agent) may from time to time reasonably request.
Documents required to be delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(i), 6.01(ii), 6.01(iii), 6.02(i),
6.02(ii) may be delivered electronically and if so delivered, shall be deemed to have been delivered on the
date (A) on which such documents are delivered to the Administrative Agent by email at
casey.clark@rbccm.com, or such other email address as the Administrative Agent shall specify in writing
to the Borrower, (B) on which such documents are posted on the Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis and
Retrieval system (EDGAR), to the extent any such documents are included in materials filed with the SEC,
(C) on which such documents are posted on the applicable Borrower s behalf on an Internet or intranet
website, if any, to which each Lender and the Administrative Agent have access (whether a commercial,
third-party website or whether sponsored by the Administrative Agent), or (D) on which the Borrower posts
such documents, or provides a link thereto on the Borrower s website on the Internet at the website listed
on Schedule 10.02; provided that documents delivered pursuant to the foregoing clauses (C) and (D) (other
than, for the avoidance of doubt, if delivered pursuant to clauses (A) and/or (B)) shall not be deemed to
have been delivered unless and until the Borrower has notified the Administrative Agent in writing
(including by email at casey.clark@rbccm.com) of the posting of such documents on an Internet or intranet
website to which each Lender and the Administrative Agent have access or to the Borrower s website, as
applicable.
The Administrative Agent shall have no obligation to request the delivery of or to maintain
paper copies of the documents referred to above, and in any event shall have no responsibility to monitor
compliance by the Borrower with any such request by a Lender for delivery, and each Lender shall be solely
responsible for requesting delivery to it or maintaining copies of such documents. 

- 58 -
The Borrower hereby acknowledges that (i) the Administrative Agent may, but shall not
be obligated to, make available to the Lenders materials and/or information provided by or on behalf of the
Borrower hereunder (collectively, Borrower Materials by posting the Borrower Materials on
Debtdomain, IntraLinks, SyndTrak, or another similar electronic system (the Platform and (ii) certain of
the Lenders (each, a Public Lender may have personnel who do not wish to receive material non-public
information with respect to the Borrower or its Affiliates, or the respective securities of any of the foregoing,
and who may be engaged in investment and other market-related activities with respect to such Persons 
securities. The Borrower hereby agrees that: (w) the Borrower shall use commercially reasonable efforts
to ensure that all Borrower Materials that are to be made available to Public Lenders shall be clearly and
conspicuously marked PUBLIC which, at a minimum, shall mean that the word PUBLIC shall appear
prominently on the first page thereof; (x) by marking Borrower Materials PUBLIC, the Borrower shall
be deemed to have authorized the Administrative Agent and the Lenders to treat the Borrower Materials as
not containing any material non-public information with respect to the Borrower or their securities for
purposes of United States Federal and state securities laws (provided, however, that to the extent the
Borrower Materials constitute Information, they shall be treated as set forth in Section 10.07); (y) all
Borrower Materials marked PUBLIC are permitted to be made available through a portion of the Platform
designated Public Side Information and (z) the Administrative Agent shall treat the Borrower Materials
that are not marked PUBLIC as being suitable only for posting on a portion of the Platform not designated
 Public Side Information. 
Section 6.03 Notices. The Borrower will promptly notify the Administrative Agent of:
(i) the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default;
(ii)any representation or warranty made or deemed made by or on behalf of the
Borrower or any Subsidiary in this Agreement or any other Loan Document, Loan Notice for any
Borrowing of Loans or in any certificate delivered pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan
Document shall prove to have been incorrect in any material respect when made or deemed made;
(iii) the filing or commencement of any action, suit, investigation or proceeding
by or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority against or affecting the Borrower or any
Subsidiary, including pursuant to any applicable Environmental Laws, in each case in which there
is a reasonable likelihood of an adverse determination and that, if adversely determined, would
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect;
(iv) the filing or commencement of any action, suit, investigation or proceeding
by or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority (or threatened in writing) to suspend or
revoke any License of an Insurance Company, and any material development in respect of such
action, suit, investigation or proceeding affecting such material license or Insurance Company,
except any action, suit, investigation or proceeding that would not reasonably be expected to have
a Material Adverse Effect;
(v) the occurrence of any ERISA Event that, either individually or together with
any other ERISA Events, would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect;
(vi) to the Borrower s knowledge, the occurrence of any change in Law (including
any Applicable Insurance Code) that, either individually or together with any other change in Law
or Applicable Insurance Code, would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect;
(vii) the occurrence of any other event that would reasonably be expected to have
a Material Adverse Effect; and 

- 59 -
(viii) any public announcement by a Ratings Agency of any negative change in
their rating of Borrower s non-credit-enhanced senior long-term debt, or the issuer default rating
or issuer credit rating, as applicable to the Borrower.
Each notice delivered under clauses (i) through (vi) of this Section shall be accompanied
by a statement of a Responsible Officer of the applicable Borrower setting forth the details of the occurrence
requiring such notice and stating what action the Borrower has taken and proposes to take with respect
thereto (if any).
Section 6.05 Preservation of Existence, Etc. The Borrower will, and will cause each Subsidiary
to (i) preserve, renew and maintain in full force and effect its legal existence and good standing under the
Laws of the jurisdiction of its organization or registration except in a transaction permitted or not restricted
by Section 7.03 and (ii) take all reasonable action to maintain all rights, licenses (including from any
Applicable Insurance Regulatory Authority), permits, privileges and franchises necessary or desirable in the
normal conduct of its business, except, in the case of clause (i) (other than with respect to existence of the
Borrower) or (ii), to the extent that failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect.
Section 6.06 Maintenance of Properties. The Borrower will, and will cause each Material
Subsidiary to maintain, preserve and protect all property necessary in the operation of its business in good
working order and condition (ordinary wear and tear and casualty and condemnation excepted), except to
the extent that the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
Section 6.07 Maintenance of Insurance. The Borrower will maintain, and will cause each
Material Subsidiary to maintain, for its benefit with financially sound and reputable insurance companies,
insurance with respect to its properties and business against loss or damage of the kinds customarily insured
against by Persons engaged in the same or similar business, of such types and in such amounts (after giving
effect to any self-insurance customary for similarly situated Persons engaged in the same or similar
businesses as the Borrower or its Subsidiary) as are customarily carried under similar circumstances by such
Persons; provided that nothing in this Section 6.06 shall be construed to impose requirement to enter into
any Reinsurance Agreement or any other reinsurance or other risk assumption arrangement.
Section 6.08 Payment of Tax Liabilities and Other Contractual Obligations. The Borrower
will, and will cause each Material Subsidiary to, pay, discharge or otherwise satisfy before the same shall
become delinquent, all of its U.S. federal and other material Tax liabilities and other material Contractual
Obligations except if the same are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and adequate
reserves in accordance with GAAP are being maintained by the Borrower or such Subsidiary, except to the
extent that the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
Section 6.09 Compliance with Laws. The Borrower will, and will cause each Material
Subsidiary to, comply with the requirements of all Laws (including Environmental Laws) and all orders,
writs, injunctions and decrees applicable to it or to its business or property, except in instances in which
(a) such requirement of Law or order, writ, injunction or decree is being contested in good faith by
appropriate proceedings diligently conducted or (b) the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to
have a Material Adverse Effect. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the foregoing, the Borrower
and its Subsidiaries will comply with Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions and will maintain in effect and
enforce policies and procedures reasonably designed to ensure compliance by the Borrower, its Subsidiaries
and, to the extent acting on behalf of or under the control of the Borrower or its Subsidiaries, each of their
respective directors, officers, employees and agents with Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions. 

- 60 -
Section 6.10 Books and Records. The Borrower will, and will cause each Material Subsidiary
to, maintain proper books of record and account to enable the preparation of financial statements as required
hereunder in conformity with GAAP, SAP or other appropriate generally accepted accounting principles, as
the case may be.
Section 6.11 Inspection Rights. The Borrower will, and will cause each Material Subsidiary to,
permit representatives and independent contractors of the Administrative Agent and each Lender to visit and
inspect any of its properties, to examine its corporate, financial and operating records, and make copies
thereof or abstracts therefrom, and to discuss its affairs, finances and accounts with its officers and
independent public accountants, all at the reasonable expense of the Borrower and at such reasonable times
during normal business hours and as often as may be reasonably requested; provided that, other than with
respect to such visits and inspections during the continuance of an Event of Default, (i) the Administrative
Agent and the Lenders shall collectively be limited to exercising such rights no more often than once during
any calendar year, (ii) visits by any Lender shall be coordinated with the Borrower through the
Administrative Agent and (iii) any Lender electing to exercise such rights shall notify the Administrative
Agent and each other Lender reasonably in advance of such exercise and the Administrative Agent and each
other Lender (and their representatives and independent contractors) shall be given a reasonable opportunity
to participate therein; provided, further, that during the continuance of an Event of Default the
Administrative Agent or any Lender (or any of their respective representatives) may do any of the foregoing
under this Section at any time. Such inspection rights are subject to the provisions of Section 10.07 and
applicable Law and shall not extend to any information covered by attorney-client or other legal privilege or
to the extent the exercise of such inspection rights would result in violation or other breach of any third-party confidentiality agreements (other than any such confidentiality agreement entered into in
contemplation of this Agreement and, in all events, so long as such confidentiality agreement does not relate
to information expressly required to be furnished pursuant to the terms of any Loan Document). The
Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall give the Borrower or such Subsidiary the opportunity to
participate in any discussions with the Borrower s or such Subsidiary s accountants.
Section 6.12 Use of Proceeds. Subject to Section 7.07, the Borrower shall use the proceeds of
any Borrowing for working capital and any other lawful corporate purposes.
Section 6.13 Additional Guarantors and Collateral. To the extent not delivered to the
Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent on or before the Effective Date (including in respect of after-acquired property and Persons that become Subsidiaries of any Loan Party after the Effective Date), each of
the Borrower and its Subsidiaries shall do each of the following promptly after (x) acquiring any property
as to which this Section 6.12 applies or (y) the date on which any Person becomes a wholly-owned Subsidiary
of the Borrower (other than any Excluded Subsidiary), unless otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent:
(a) except as otherwise set forth in clause (b) below with respect to the matters set forth
therein, on or before the date of delivery of the Compliance Certificate for the fiscal quarter in which such
property is acquired or Person becomes a wholly owned Subsidiary (other than any Excluded Subsidiary),
or such later date as the Administrative Agent may reasonably agree, deliver to the Administrative Agent
such modifications to the terms of the Loan Documents (or, to the extent applicable as reasonably
determined by the Administrative Agent, such other documents), in each case in form and substance
reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and as the Administrative Agent deems reasonably
necessary in order to ensure the following:
(i) each Domestic Subsidiary (other than an Excluded Subsidiary) of the
Borrower shall guaranty, as primary obligor and not as surety, the payment of the
Obligations of the Borrower pursuant to the Guaranty; and 

- 61 -
(ii) subject to the other limitations set forth in this Agreement and the other
Loan Documents, each of the Borrower and the Guarantors (including any Person required
to become a Guarantor pursuant to clause (A) above) shall grant to the Collateral Agent ,
for the benefit of the Secured Parties, a valid and enforceable security interest in all of its
property (other than any Excluded Property), including all of its Pledged Securities, as
security for the Obligations of the Borrower or such Guarantor, pursuant to the Security
Agreement or other appropriate security documentation reasonably satisfactory to the
Collateral Agent and the Borrower (and, if applicable, substantially similar to the type of
documentation in place on the Effective Date);
provided, however, that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in
any other Loan Document:
(A) the Collateral Agent may grant extensions of time for the creation or
perfection of security interests in or the obtaining of title insurance and
surveys with respect to particular assets (including extensions beyond the
Effective Date for the creation or perfection of security interests in the
assets of the Loan Parties on such date) where it reasonably determines, in
consultation with the Borrower, that creation or perfection cannot be
accomplished without undue effort or expense by the time or times at
which it would otherwise be required by this Agreement or the Security
Documents;
(B) no provision of any Loan Documents shall require the creation,
perfection or maintenance of pledges of or security interests in, or the
obtaining of title insurance or abstracts with respect to, any Excluded
Property;
(C) the Borrower and its Subsidiaries shall not be required to take any
action to grant or perfect a security interest in any Collateral to the extent
(A) the cost, burden, difficulty or consequence of granting perfecting a
security interest therein outweighs the benefit of the security afforded
thereby as reasonably determined by the Borrower and the Administrative
Agent, or (B) the grant or perfection of a security interest in such asset
would be prohibited by enforceable anti-assignment provisions of any
Contractual Obligation or applicable law or would violate the terms of any
Contractual Obligation relating to such asset (in each case, after giving
effect to the applicable anti-assignment provisions of the UCC or other
applicable law) or would trigger termination of (or a right of termination
under) any Contractual Obligation pursuant to any change of control or
similar provision or permit any third party to amend or otherwise modify
any right, benefit and/or obligation of the Borrower or any Guarantor in
respect of the relevant asset or otherwise require any the Borrower or any
of its Subsidiaries thereof to take any action that is materially adverse to
its interests;
(D) the Borrower and its Subsidiaries shall not be required to seek any
landlord lien waiver, estoppel, warehouseman waiver or other collateral
access or similar letter or agreement; 

- 62 -
(E) the following Collateral shall not be required to be perfected: (I) assets
requiring perfection through control agreements (including cash, deposit
accounts and securities accounts) or other control arrangements (other than
control of pledged capital stock to the extent otherwise required above);
(II) aircraft, vehicles and any other assets subject to certificates of title;
(III) letter of credit rights to the extent not perfected by the filing of a UCC
financing statement and (IV) fixtures (unless otherwise covered by a
mortgage otherwise required to be delivered);
(F) each Loan Party shall deliver to the Collateral Agent all documents
representing all Pledged Certificated Equity Interests and Pledged Debt
Instruments pursuant to the documents delivered pursuant to clause (ii) to
which this proviso applies, together with undated powers or endorsements
duly executed in blank; and
(b) within ninety (90) days (or such later date as may be reasonably agreed by the
Administrative Agent) following the acquisition of any Mortgaged Property, deliver to the Collateral Agent,
(A) counterparts of a Mortgage with respect to each Mortgaged Property duly executed and delivered by
the record owner of such Mortgaged Property and (B) a policy or policies of title insurance issued by a title
insurance company insuring the Lien of each such Mortgage as a valid and enforceable first Lien on the
Mortgaged Property described therein, free of any other Liens except as permitted under Section 7.02, and
(C) if any Mortgaged Property is located in an area determined by the Federal Emergency Management
Agency to have special flood hazards, evidence of such flood insurance as may be required under applicable
law, including Regulation H of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System.
Notwithstanding clause (a), the Borrower, at its option, may designate any Subsidiary as a Guarantor.
Section 6.14 Further Assurances. Subject to Section 6.12 and any applicable limitations in any
Security Document, the Borrower shall, and shall cause each Guarantor to, promptly upon the reasonable
request by the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent (a) correct any material defect or error that may be
discovered in the execution, acknowledgment, filing or recordation of any Security Document or other
document or instrument relating to any Collateral and (b) do, execute, acknowledge, deliver, record, re-record, file, re-file, register and re-register any and all such further acts, deeds, certificates, assurances and
other instruments as the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent may reasonably request from time to time
in order to carry out more effectively the requirements of the Security Documents.
ARTICLE VII
NEGATIVE COVENANTS
Until the Commitments have expired or been terminated and all Obligations (other than
Obligations under Secured Hedging Agreements, Secured Cash Management Agreements and contingent
obligations for which no claim has been asserted) have been paid in full, the Borrower covenants and agrees
with the Lenders that:
Section 7.01 Indebtedness. The Borrower will not, nor will it permit any Guarantor or any
Material Subsidiary to, create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Debt, other than the following:
(i) Debt under the Loan Documents;
(ii)Debt outstanding on the date hereof and listed on Schedule 7.01; 

- 63 -
(iii) Guarantees in respect of Debt of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, in
each case if such Debt is otherwise permitted or not prohibited hereunder;
(iv) Debt (including Capital Leases, mortgage financings or purchase money
obligations) incurred to finance or reimburse the purchase price or cost of the acquisition,
development, construction, alteration, purchase, lease, repair, addition or improvement of property
(real or personal), plant, equipment or other fixed or capital assets (whether through the direct
purchase of assets or the purchase of Equity Interests of any Person owning such assets), within the
limitations set forth in Section 7.02(ix) in an aggregate principal amount outstanding, when
aggregated with the outstanding principal amount of Debt incurred pursuant to Section 7.01(xii) in
respect of Debt initially incurred pursuant to this Section 7.01(iv) (for the avoidance of doubt
without double counting such Debt), not to exceed 5,000,000 at any time;
(v) Debt of any Person that becomes a Material Subsidiary of the Borrower after
the date hereof; provided that (A) such Debt exists at the time such Person becomes a Material
Subsidiary and is not created in contemplation of or in connection with such Person becoming a
Material Subsidiary and (B) after giving effect to such Person becoming a Material Subsidiary, the
Borrower shall be in compliance with the covenants in Section 7.11 on a pro forma basis;
(vi) obligations of any Subsidiary to maintain the net worth, capital or solvency
of any of its Subsidiaries in accordance with the requirements of or under any agreement with their
respective Applicable Insurance Regulatory Authority;
(vii) Debt owing to the Borrower or any other Subsidiary of the Borrower and
Guarantees thereof; provided that any such Debt (and Guarantee thereof, if applicable) of the
Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries owing to any Subsidiary that is not a Guarantor is expressly
subordinated to the prior payment in full of the Obligations on terms reasonably acceptable to the
Administrative Agent (provided that such subordination terms shall permit regularly scheduled
payments of principal and interest (if no acceleration of the Obligations has occurred) and payments
of expenses and indemnification);
(viii) obligations and liabilities (whether directly or as a guarantor) arising under
or in connection with Cash Management Services;
(ix) Debt so long as, after giving effect to the issuance or incurrence thereof, the
aggregate principal amount of such Debt, when aggregated with the outstanding principal amount
of Debt incurred pursuant to Section 7.01(xii) in respect of Debt initially incurred pursuant to this
Section 7.01(ix) (for the avoidance of doubt without double counting such Debt), is not in excess
of 5,000,000 outstanding at any time;
(x) Debt arising from agreements providing for indemnification, adjustment of
purchase price, earn-outs or similar obligations, in each case, incurred or assumed in connection
with the acquisition or disposition of any business or assets, other than Guarantees of Debt incurred
by any Person acquiring all or any portion of such business, assets or Equity Interests for the
purpose of financing such acquisition;
(xi) Debt in connection with third-party insurance premium financing
arrangements in the ordinary course of business;
(xii) Debt issued or incurred to refinance, refund, renew or extend any Debt
permitted under the foregoing clauses (ii), (iv) (which shall be subject to the limitations set forth in 

- 64 -
Section 7.02(ix)), (v), and (ix); provided that the amount of such Debt is not in excess of the
principal amount of Debt (plus accrued interest, fees, premiums (including tender premiums) and
expenses with respect thereto) being refinanced, refunded, renewed or extended at the time of such
refinancing, refunding, renewal or extension except by an amount equal to underwriting discounts
or other amounts paid, and fees, commissions, premiums (including tender premiums) and expenses
(including upfront fees, original issue discount or initial yield payments) incurred in connection
with such refinancing, refunding, renewal or extension;
(xiii) Debt incurred in connection with a loan from the Federal Home Loan Bank
secured by Funding Agreements, among other assets; and
(xiv) ordinary course Swap Contracts that are not incurred for speculative
purposes.
Section 7.02 Liens. The Borrower will not, nor will it permit any Guarantor or any Material
Subsidiary to, create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien upon any of its property, assets or revenues,
whether now owned or hereafter acquired, other than the following:
(i) Liens on Equity Interests of Special Purpose Subsidiaries;
(ii)Liens existing on the date hereof and listed on Schedule 7.02;
(iii) Liens for Taxes not yet overdue or which are being contested in good faith
and by appropriate proceedings, if adequate reserves with respect thereto are maintained on the
books of the applicable Person in accordance with GAAP;
(iv) carriers , warehousemen s, mechanics , materialmen s, repairmen s or other
like Liens arising in the ordinary course of business which are not overdue for a period of more
than 60 days or which are being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings diligently
conducted, if adequate reserves with respect thereto are maintained on the books of the applicable
Person;
(v) pledges or deposits in the ordinary course of business in connection with
workers compensation, unemployment insurance and other social security legislation and securing
letters of credit, bank guarantees or similar instruments issued supporting such items;
(vi) deposits to secure the performance of bids, tenders, contracts, leases (other
than Debt), statutory obligations, bank guarantees or similar instruments, surety and appeal bonds,
letters of credit, performance bonds and other obligations of a like nature incurred in the ordinary
course of business;
(vii) easements, zoning restrictions, rights-of-way, restrictions and other similar
encumbrances affecting real property which do not materially interfere with the ordinary conduct
of the business of the applicable Person;
(viii) Liens arising pursuant to an order of attachment, distraint or similar legal
process in connection with legal proceedings and securing judgments for the payment of money
and Liens arising under ERISA or the Code not constituting an Event of Default under
Section 8.01(h) or Section 8.01(i), respectively; 

- 65 -
(ix) Liens on the property of the Borrower or any Material Subsidiary securing
(A) any part of the cost of acquisition, development, construction, alteration, purchase, lease, repair,
addition or improvement of such property or Debt incurred to finance any of the foregoing
(including any sale and leaseback transaction) and (B) any Capital Leases, mortgage financings or
purchase money obligations; provided that (x) such Liens do not at any time encumber any property
other than the property financed by such Debt and the proceeds and products thereof, accessions
thereto, improvements thereon and after-acquired property that is fixed or incorporated into such
property (it being understood that individual financings provided to the Borrower or any Subsidiary
by any Person may be cross-collateralized to other financings of such type provided by such Person
or its Affiliates) and (y) in the case of clause (A) the Debt secured thereby is either Non-Recourse
Debt with respect to the Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries or does not exceed the cost of the
property being acquired, developed, constructed, altered, purchased, leased, repaired, added to or
improved or the initial financing thereof plus the costs incurred for delivery, installation,
maintenance programs and items similar to the foregoing and, fees, costs and expenses incurred in
connection therewith;
(x) any Lien existing on any property or asset prior to the acquisition thereof by
the Borrower or any Subsidiary or existing on any property or asset of any Person that becomes a
Subsidiary after the date hereof prior to the time such Person becomes a Subsidiary; provided that
(A) such Lien is not created in connection with such acquisition or such Person becoming a
Subsidiary, as the case may be, (B) such Lien shall not apply to any other property or assets of the
Borrower or any Subsidiary (other than the Person acquired) other than proceeds and products of
the property covered by such Lien, accessions thereto, improvements thereon and after-acquired
property that is fixed or incorporated into such property (it being understood that individual
financings provided by any Person may be cross-collateralized to other financings of such type
provided by such Person or its affiliates) and (C) such Lien shall secure only those obligations
which it secures on the date of such acquisition or the date such Person becomes a Subsidiary, as
the case may be;
(xi) Liens to secure obligations arising under Swap Contracts or Cash
Management Agreements, to the extent permitted or not prohibited hereunder and incurred in the
ordinary course of business;
(xii) Liens arising out of deposits or pledges by any Material Subsidiary of cash,
securities, portfolio investments or other property into collateral trusts, reinsurance trusts or other
collateral or escrow accounts with or for the benefit of ceding companies or insurance regulators
of such Material Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business;
(xiii) Liens securing Debt arising under Permitted Repo and Securities Lending
Agreements; provided, however, that no such Lien shall extend to or cover any property or assets
other than the securities subject thereto;
(xiv)Liens (A) arising from pledges of collateral to any Federal Home Loan Bank
to secure obligations under Funding Agreements with Federal Home Loan Banks or (B) in favor of
the Federal Home Loan Banks to secure loans made by the Federal Home Loan Banks to the
Borrower or any Material Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business;
(xv) leases, subleases, licenses and sublicenses granted to others and not
interfering in any material respect with the business of the Borrower or any Material Subsidiary
and any interest or title of a lessor, sublessor, licensor or sublicensor under any such lease, sublease,
license or sublicense; 

- 66 -
(xvi) Liens arising from UCC financing statements filed with respect to Operating
Leases, and consignments and/or bailments arrangements;
(xvii) Liens arising from pledges or deposits of cash, securities or portfolio
investments made by any Material Subsidiary that is an Insurance Company (A) as a condition to
obtaining or maintaining any licenses issued to it by any Applicable Insurance Regulatory
Authority or (B) as otherwise required to comply with the requirement of applicable insurance laws;
(xviii) Liens on assets pledged, deposited into an account or trust or otherwise
allocated as a separate account in connection with, and securing or specifically available to satisfy
obligations under, a Policy, Reinsurance Agreement or Retrocession Agreement, in an amount
reasonable and as required under the terms of such Policy, Reinsurance Agreement or Retrocession
Agreement (or the documentation related thereto);
(xix) Liens on cash or cash equivalents pledged to defease or otherwise satisfy and
discharge any Debt or other obligations that are permitted or not prohibited under this Agreement;
(xx) Liens on assets of any Material Subsidiary that is a Special Purpose
Subsidiary to secure its obligations in respect of a Regulatory Capital Transaction incurred in the
ordinary course of business; provided that at the time such Liens were created, such Special Purpose
Subsidiary was not a Material Subsidiary;
(xxi) rights of setoff or banker s Liens on deposits of cash in favor of banks or
other depository institutions maintained in the ordinary course of business (and including Liens
deposits of cash to secure obligations under letters of credit issued in the ordinary course of
business), but not securing any Debt for borrowed money;
(xxii) Liens arising in the ordinary course of business on custody, securities or
commodities accounts in favor of the entity at which such accounts are maintained, but not securing
any Debt for borrowed money other than Debt incurred in connection with or to facilitate the
settlement of the purchase or sale of securities in the ordinary course of business;
(xxiii) Liens of a collecting bank arising under Section 4-208 of the UCC on items
in the course of collection in the ordinary course of business;
(xxiv) Liens incurred in connection with the collection or disposition of delinquent
accounts receivable in the ordinary course of business;
(xxv) Liens on any cash earnest money deposit made by the Borrower or any
Subsidiary in connection with any letter of intent or acquisition agreement or any escrow
arrangement or other deposit agreement required in connection with a sale, transfer, lease or other
disposition permitted or not prohibited by this Agreement;
(xxvi) any Lien securing Debt permitted under Section 7.01(vii);
(xxvii) Liens that are contractual rights of setoff incurred in the ordinary course
of business;
(xxviii) Liens securing the Obligations; 

- 67 -
(xxix) Liens on securitized assets so long as such Liens do not encumber any other
property of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries;
(xxx) any interest or title of a lessor under any lease (other than a Capital Lease);
(xxxi) customary Liens granted in favor of a trustee to secure fees and other
amounts owing to such trustee under an indenture or other agreement pursuant to which Debt
permitted under Section 7.01 is incurred;
(xxxii) other Liens so long as the aggregate outstanding principal amount of Debt
secured by such Liens, when aggregated with the Debt secured by such Liens incurred pursuant to
this Section 7.02(xxxii) that refinance Liens initially incurred pursuant to this Section 7.02(xxxii),
is not in excess of 5,000,000 at any time; and
(xxxiii) any Liens in respect of any refinancings, refundings, renewals or
extensions of any Lien permitted under the foregoing clauses (ii), (ix) (subject to the limitations in
the proviso thereof), (x) (subject to the limitations in the proviso thereof), (xxxii) and (xxxiv),
provided that (A) the property covered thereby is not changed and (B) the Debt secured or benefited
thereby is not increased except by an amount equal to (1) accrued and unpaid interest, fees,
premiums (including tender premiums) and expenses with respect thereto and (2) underwriting
discounts or other amounts paid, and fees, commissions, premiums (including tender premiums)
and expenses (including upfront fees, original issue discounts or initial yield payments) incurred,
in connection with any such refinancing, refunding, renewal or extension.
Section 7.03 Fundamental Changes. The Borrower will not, nor will it permit any Material
Subsidiary to (x) merge, dissolve, liquidate, consolidate or amalgamate with or into another Person or (y)
sell, transfer, lease or otherwise dispose of (whether in one transaction or in a series of transactions) all or
substantially all of the assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole to any Person (other than
the replacement of assets in its investment portfolio), except that:
(i) the Borrower or a Material Subsidiary may merge, consolidate or amalgamate
with the Borrower or any one or more of its Subsidiaries, provided that when the Borrower is
merging with a Subsidiary, the continuing or surviving Person shall be the Borrower;
(ii) subject to pro forma compliance with the financial covenants under Section
7.11 and no Default or Event of Default then-existing or that would result therefrom (in each case,
determined as of the date of the definitive agreement with respect thereto), the Borrower or a
Material Subsidiary may merge, consolidate or amalgamate with any Person to consummate a
transaction permitted or not prohibited by this Agreement; provided that in the case of a merger,
consolidation or amalgamation of the Borrower with a Person that is not the Borrower, the
Borrower shall be the continuing or surviving Person;
(iii) all or substantially all of the assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (upon
voluntary liquidation or dissolution or otherwise) may be sold, transferred, leased or otherwise
disposed of to the Borrower or a Subsidiary; and
(iv) any Material Subsidiary may liquidate or dissolve;
provided that (a) for the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Section 7.03 shall be deemed to limit, prohibit
or restrict the Borrower or any Material Subsidiary from entering into, amending or modifying any Policy,
any Reinsurance Agreement or any Retrocession Agreement or providing collateral security to the extent 

- 68 -
permitted by Section 7.02(xviii); (b) any Guarantor that would cease to be a Subsidiary as a result of a
transaction that is permitted pursuant to this Section 7.03 shall be automatically released and forever
discharged from its obligations under the Guaranty concurrently with the effectiveness of such transaction;
and (c) in the event of any merger, dissolution, liquidation, consolidation, or amalgamation of any Loan
Party effected in accordance with this Section 7.03, the Borrower shall or shall cause with respect to each
other surviving Loan Party, to execute, acknowledge, deliver, record, re-record, file, re-file, register and re-register any and all such further acts, deeds, certificates, assurances and other instruments as the
Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent may reasonably request in order to perfect or continue the
perfection of the Liens granted or purported to be granted by the Security Documents in accordance with
Section 6.12 and as promptly as practicable.
Section 7.04 Restricted Payments. The Borrower will not, nor will it permit any Material
Subsidiary to, declare or make any Restricted Payment, except that:
(a) any Material Subsidiary may make Restricted Payments to any Person that owns an
Equity Interest in such Material Subsidiary, according to their respective holdings of such Equity Interests
in respect of which such Restricted Payment is being made; and
(b) the Borrower may (and may incur an obligation to) declare or make any Restricted
Payment if after giving effect to such Restricted Payment on a pro-forma basis no Default or Event of
Default shall have occurred and be continuing at the time of the making of such Restricted Payment.
Section 7.05 Transactions with Affiliates. The Borrower will not, nor will it permit any
Guarantor or any Material Subsidiary to, enter into any transaction or series of related transactions of any
kind with any Affiliate, whether or not in the ordinary course of business, other than any of the following:
(a) transactions between or among any of the Borrower and/or any of its Subsidiaries that
are not otherwise prohibited hereunder;
(b) transactions which are fair and reasonable to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taking
into account the totality of the relationships between the parties involved (including other transactions that
may be or have been particularly favorable or advantageous to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries);
(c) transactions which are not materially less favorable to the Borrower or its Subsidiaries
than those that could have been obtained in a comparable transaction at the time such transaction was
entered into with a person that is not an Affiliate of the Borrower or its Subsidiaries and entered into on an
arm s-length basis;
(d) transactions entered into by an Insurance Company for which approval (or deemed
approval) has been received from the Applicable Insurance Regulatory Authority;
(e) transactions in connection with (i) employment, severance or termination arrangements
between any of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on the one hand and any of their respective current or
former directors, officers, employees, managers and consultants (including management and employee
benefit plans, stock option and incentive or agreements, subscription agreements or similar agreements
pertaining to the grant or purchase of Equity Interest) on the other hand, in the ordinary course of business
or otherwise permitted or not prohibited under this Agreement, (ii) compensation (including fees) and
expense reimbursements owed to directors, officers, employees, managers and consultants of the Borrower
in the ordinary course of business and (iii) any indemnification agreement or any similar arrangement with
directors, officers, employees, managers and consultants of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in the
ordinary course of business; 

- 69 -
(f) (i) dividends, returns of capital or distributions, whether in cash or other property, in
each case, on account of any Equity Interests of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, (ii) redemptions,
retirements, terminations, surrenders, cancellations, purchases or other acquisitions for value of any Equity
Interests of such Persons, (iii) issuances of Equity Interests, and (iv) any acquisition of Equity Interests of
the Borrower by any Person and any contribution by any Person to the equity capital of the Borrower or
any of its Subsidiaries;
(g) Debt (including repayments of such Debt) between or among the Borrower and any of
its Subsidiaries to the extent permitted or not prohibited under this Agreement;
(h) the payment of fees on assets under management charged to (i) the Borrower, (ii) any
of the Borrower s subsidiaries or (iii) any funds withheld accounts or modified coinsurance accounts
established by reinsurance counterparties of the Borrower or its Subsidiaries for the purpose of maintaining
assets supporting business ceded or retroceded to the Borrower or its Subsidiaries, with respect to
investment management, investment advisory or related services at the rates charged as of the date hereof;
(i) transactions related to management equity and compensation matters, consistent with
past practice and reasonable in amount as determined by the applicable board of directors;
(j) reasonable and customary advisory agreements, including agreements providing for
annual monitoring, management, advisory or similar fees, or fees for services with arms-length terms and
consistent with agreements existing on the date hereof;
(k) the payment of reasonable and customary director fees, expenses and indemnities; and
(l) insurance and reinsurance transactions entered into in the ordinary course of business;
provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Section 7.05 shall be deemed to limit, prohibit or
restrict the Borrower or any Subsidiary from entering into, amending or modifying any Policy, any
Reinsurance Agreement or any Retrocession Agreement in the ordinary course of business.
Section 7.06 Certain Restrictive Agreements. The Borrower will not, nor will it permit any
Material Subsidiary to, enter into any Contractual Obligation (other than (x) this Agreement or any other
Loan Document and (y) in the case of any Person that becomes a Material Subsidiary after the date hereof,
any Contractual Obligation that exists at the time of such Person becoming a Material Subsidiary) that limits
the ability of (i) any Material Subsidiary to make Restricted Payments to the Borrower or to otherwise
transfer property to the Borrower other than in connection with a Regulatory Capital Transaction, (ii) any
Material Subsidiary (other than an Excluded Subsidiary) to Guarantee the Debt of the Borrower other than
in connection with a Regulatory Capital Transaction, or (iii) the Borrower or any Material Subsidiary to
create, incur, assume or suffer to exist Liens on property of such Person; provided that the foregoing clause
(iii) shall not prohibit any negative pledge (x) incurred or provided in favor of any holder of Debt permitted
under Section 7.01 (provided, that such negative pledges will not materially adversely affect the Borrower s
or any Material Subsidiary s ability to make anticipated principal or interest payment hereunder or are
otherwise customary for financing or arrangements of that type (in each case, as determined in good faith by
the Borrower)) or (y) in connection with Policies, Retrocession Agreements, Reinsurance Agreements, Swap
Contracts, agreements with (or pursuant to requirements of) Applicable Insurance Regulatory Authorities or
Regulatory Capital Transactions.
Section 7.07 Use of Proceeds. The Borrower will not use the proceeds of any Borrowing and
whether immediately, incidentally or ultimately, to purchase or carry Margin Stock or to extend credit to
others for the purpose of purchasing or carrying Margin Stock or to refund Debt originally incurred for such 

- 70 -
purpose, in each case in violation of Regulation T, Regulation U or Regulation X. The Borrower will not
use (or permit any of its Subsidiaries to use) the proceeds of any Borrowing (i) in furtherance of an offer,
payment, promise to pay, or authorization of the payment or giving of money, or anything else of value, to
any Person in violation of any Anti-Corruption Laws, (ii) for the purpose of funding, financing or facilitating
any activities, business or transaction of or with any Sanctioned Person, or in or with any Embargoed
Jurisdiction, that at the time of such funding is the subject of applicable Sanctions or (iii) in any manner that
would result in the violation of any Sanctions applicable to the Borrower or any of their Subsidiaries or any
other party hereto.
Section 7.08 Change in Nature of Business. The Borrower will not engage, directly or indirectly
through its respective Material Subsidiaries, to any material extent in any business other than (i) the
ownership or operation of the Insurance Business, (ii) any business engaged in by the Borrower or its
Subsidiaries on or before the Effective Date or (iii) any business reasonably related, ancillary,
complementary or incidental thereto or which is financial in nature.
Section 7.09 Amendments to Organizational Documents. The Borrower will not, nor will it
permit any Material Subsidiary to amend, supplement or otherwise modify (pursuant to a waiver or
otherwise), or permit any amendments, supplements or other modifications, to the Borrower s or any
Material Subsidiary s Organizational Documents, except to the extent such amendment, supplement or
modification would not reasonably be expected to be materially adverse to the Lenders taken as a whole.
Section 7.10 Asset Dispositions. The Borrower shall not, nor shall it permit any of its Material
Subsidiaries to, sell, transfer, lease or otherwise dispose of any asset, except for:
(a) to the extent not otherwise permitted under this Section sales, transfers, leases and other
dispositions in the aggregate amount not to exceed 5,000,000 per fiscal year, provided that the Borrower
or such Material Subsidiary receives fair market value for such disposed assets and no Default or Event of
Default shall have occurred and continuing or would result therefrom;
(b) sales, transfers, leases and other dispositions in connection with reinsurance
transactions;
(c) sales, transfers, leases and other dispositions in which (i) the Borrower or such Material
Subsidiary, as the case may be, receives consideration at least equal to the fair market value of the assets
subject to such sales, transfers, leases and other dispositions (ii) 75 of the consideration is in the form of
cash and cash equivalents and (iii) no Default or Event of Default having occurred and continuing or would
result therefrom;
(d) sales, transfers, leases and other dispositions of portfolio investment dispositions by
Insurance Companies in the ordinary course of business;
(e) dispositions of obsolete or worn out property, whether now owned or hereafter acquired,
in the ordinary course of business;
(f) dispositions of property by any Material Subsidiary to the Borrower or to a Subsidiary;
(g) Restricted Payments permitted by Section 7.04;
(h) dispositions of intellectual property rights that are no longer used or useful in the
business of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries; 

- 71 -
(i) the discount, write-off or disposition of accounts receivable overdue by more than 180
days or the sale of any such accounts receivable for the purpose of collection to any collection agency, in
each case in the ordinary course of business: and
(j) dispositions of inventory and Investments in the ordinary course of business.
Section 7.11 Financial Covenants.
(a) Consolidated Net Worth. The Borrower shall not permit the Consolidated Net Worth
of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the last day of any fiscal quarter to be less than the sum of:
(i) with respect to any fiscal quarter ending after the Effective Date, 75 of
Consolidated Net Worth as of June 30, 2022, plus
(ii)50 of Consolidated Net Operating Income (if positive) for each full fiscal
quarter ending after the Effective Date, plus
(iii) an amount equal to 50 of the net amount of any issuance of common or
preferred Equity Interests of the Borrower consummated after the Effective Date (provided that
proceeds of equity issuances used to refinance previously issued Equity Interests shall be excluded
from the foregoing calculation).
(b)Consolidated Debt to Capitalization Ratio. The Borrower shall not permit the
Consolidated Debt to Capitalization Ratio of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries to be greater than 35 as of
the last day of any fiscal quarter ending after the Effective Date.
(c) Minimum Risk-Based Capital Ratio. Commencing with the fiscal quarter ended
December 31, 2023, the Borrower shall not permit the Risk-Based Capital Ratio of any Insurance Company
(which, for the avoidance of doubt, is limited to American Life Security Corp. as of the Effective Date)
to be less than 300 as of the last day of any fiscal quarter.
(d) Minimum Liquidity. The Borrower shall not permit Liquidity of the Borrower and its
Subsidiaries to be less than 3,000,000 as at any time.
(e) Minimum Rating. The Borrower shall not permit the A.M. Best financial strength rating
of American Life Security Corp. to fall below B++ .
ARTICLE VIII
EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND REMEDIES
Section 8.01 Events of Default. Any of the following that have occurred and are continuing shall
constitute an Event of Default :
(a) Non-Payment. The Borrower:
(i) shall fail to pay any principal of any Loan when and as the same shall become
due and payable, whether at the due date thereof or at a date fixed for prepayment thereof or
otherwise; or
(ii)shall fail to pay any interest on any Loan, any fee or any other amount (other
than an amount referred to in clause (a)(i) of this Section) payable under this Agreement or under 

- 72 -
any other Loan Document, when and as the same shall become due and payable, and such failure
shall continue unremedied for a period of more than three Business Days.
(b)Representations and Warranties. Any representation or warranty made or deemed
made by or on behalf of the Borrower or any Subsidiary in this Agreement or any other Loan Document,
Loan Notice for any Borrowing of Loans or in any certificate delivered pursuant to this Agreement or any
other Loan Document shall prove to have been incorrect in any material respect when made or deemed
made, and, to the extent capable of being cured, such breach shall continue unremedied for a period of 10
or more days after a written notice thereof by the Administrative Agent to the Borrower stating that such
notice is a notice of default hereunder.
(c) Specific Covenants. The Borrower shall fail to observe or perform any covenant or
agreement contained in Sections 6.03(i), 6.03(ii), 6.04(i) (with respect to the Borrower s existence) or in
Article VII.
(d)Other Defaults. The Borrower or any Subsidiary shall fail to observe or perform any
covenant or agreement contained in this Agreement or any other Loan Document (other than those specified
in clauses (a), (b) or (c) of this Section) and such failure shall continue unremedied for a period of 30 or
more days after a written notice thereof by the Administrative Agent to the Borrower stating that such notice
is a notice of default hereunder.
(e) Cross-Default. The Borrower or any Material Subsidiary shall:
(i) fail to make any payment when due (whether by scheduled maturity, required
prepayment, acceleration, demand, or otherwise) in respect of any Debt (other than (x) Debt under
the Loan Documents or (y) Swap Contracts which shall be subject to clause (iii) below) having an
aggregate principal amount then outstanding of more than the Threshold Amount, in each case
beyond the applicable grace period with respect thereto, if any;
(ii)default in the observance or performance of any other agreement relating to any
Debt (other than (x) Debt under the Loan Documents or (y) Swap Contracts which shall be subject
to clause (iii) below) having an aggregate principal amount then outstanding of more than the
Threshold Amount, in each case beyond the applicable grace period with respect thereto, if any,
the effect of which default is to cause (or to permit the holder or holders or beneficiary or
beneficiaries of such Debt (or a trustee or agent on behalf of such holder or holders or beneficiary
or beneficiaries) to cause), such Debt to become due or to be repurchased, prepaid, defeased or
redeemed (automatically or otherwise), or an offer to repurchase, prepay, defease or redeem such
Debt to be made, prior to its stated maturity (with all notices provided for therein having been
given, such that no further notice is required in order to exercise such right, other than notice of
election of such right); or
(iii) fail to make when due one or more required payments under any Swap
Contract as a result of the occurrence of an Early Termination Date (as defined in such Swap
Contract and including any substantially similar term) arising from an Event of Default or a
 Termination Event (in each case, as defined in such Swap Contract and including any
substantially similar term) with respect to which the Borrower or Material Subsidiary is a
 Defaulting Party (as defined in such Swap Contract and including any substantially similar term)
where the Non-defaulting Party or Non-affected Party (in each case, as defined in such Swap
Contract or any substantially similar term), as applicable, has designated such Early Termination
Date (or any other substantially similar term) for all outstanding transactions under such Swap
Contract, which payments are in an aggregate amount exceeding the Threshold Amount 

- 73 -
(determined after taking into account the effect of any legally enforceable netting agreement
relating to such Swap Contract) and such failure shall continue beyond (a) the end of any grace
period applicable thereto (if any) or (b) two (2) Business Days after the Borrower or Material
Subsidiary receives notice of such failure if such payment does not have a grace period.
(f) Insolvency Proceedings, Etc. The occurrence of any of the following:
(i) an involuntary proceeding shall be commenced or an involuntary petition shall
be filed seeking (A) liquidation, reorganization, rehabilitation or other relief in respect of the
Borrower, any Guarantor or any Material Subsidiary or its debts, or of a substantial part of its assets,
under any Debtor Relief Law now or hereafter in effect or (B) the appointment of a receiver,
rehabilitator, trustee, custodian, sequestrator, conservator or similar official for the Borrower, any
Guarantor or any Material Subsidiary or for a substantial part of its assets, and, in any such case,
such proceeding or petition shall continue undismissed or unstayed for a period of 60 or more days
or an order or decree approving or ordering any of the foregoing shall be entered; or
(ii)the Borrower, any Guarantor or any Material Subsidiary shall (A) voluntarily
commence any proceeding or file any petition seeking liquidation, rehabilitation, reorganization or
other relief under any Debtor Relief Law now or hereafter in effect, (B) consent to the institution
of, or fail to contest in a timely and appropriate manner, any proceeding or petition described in
clause (f)(i) of this Section, (C) apply for or consent to the appointment of a receiver, rehabilitator,
trustee, custodian, sequestrator, conservator or similar official for the Borrower, any Guarantor or
any Material Subsidiary or for a substantial part of its assets, (D) file an answer admitting the
material allegations of a petition filed against it in any such proceeding, (E) make a general
assignment for the benefit of creditors or (F) take any corporate action for the purpose of effecting
any of the foregoing.
(g)Inability to Pay Debts; Attachment. The Borrower, any Guarantor or any Material
Subsidiary shall become unable, admit in writing its inability or fail generally to pay its debts as they
become due.
(h) Judgments. The entry against the Borrower, any Guarantor or any Material Subsidiary
of a final judgment or order for the payment of money in an aggregate amount (as to all such judgments
and orders) exceeding the Threshold Amount (to the extent not covered by third party insurance as to which
the insurer has been notified of such judgment or order and does not deny coverage) and there is a period
of 30 consecutive days during which such judgment or order remains unpaid, undischarged, unvacated,
unbonded or unstayed pending appeal.
(i) ERISA. The occurrence of an ERISA Event with respect to a Pension Plan or
Multiemployer Plan which has resulted or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
(j) Change of Control. There occurs any Change of Control.
(k) Invalidity of Loan Documents. Any material provision of any Loan Document, at any
time after its execution and delivery, ceases to be in full force and effect; or the Borrower contests in writing
the validity or enforceability of any material provision of any Loan Document; or the Borrower denies in
writing that it has any or further liability or obligation under any material provision of any Loan Document,
or purports in writing to revoke, terminate or rescind any material provision of any Loan Document, in each
case, for any reason other than as expressly permitted hereunder or thereunder or in satisfaction in full of
all non-contingent Obligations. 

- 74 -
(l) Impairment of Collateral. Any Loan Document purporting to grant a Lien to secure any
Obligation shall, at any time after the delivery of such Loan Document, fail to create a valid and enforceable
Lien on a material portion of the Collateral purported to be covered thereby or such Lien shall fail or cease
to be a perfected Lien with the priority required in the relevant Loan Document on any Collateral (except,
in the case of this clause (l) as a result of the Administrative Agent s (x) failure to maintain possession of
any stock certificates, promissory notes or other instruments delivered to it under the Loan Documents, (y)
failure to file UCC continuation statements or amendments or (z) inadvertent filing of UCC termination
statements).
Section 8.02 Remedies Upon Event of Default. If any Event of Default occurs and is continuing,
the Administrative Agent shall, at the request of, or may, with the consent of, the Required Lenders, take
any or all of the following actions:
(i) declare the commitment of each Lender to make Loans to be terminated,
whereupon such commitments and obligation shall be terminated;
(ii)declare the unpaid principal amount of all outstanding Loans, all interest
accrued and unpaid thereon, and all other amounts owing or payable hereunder or under any other
Loan Document to be immediately due and payable, in whole (or in part, in which case any
principal not so declared to be due and payable may thereafter be declared to be due and payable),
without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly
waived by the Borrower; and
(iii) exercise on behalf of itself and the Lenders, all rights and remedies available
to it and the Lenders under the Loan Documents;
provided, however, that upon the occurrence of an actual or deemed entry of an order for relief with respect
to the Borrower under the Bankruptcy Code, the obligation of each Lender to make Loans shall
automatically terminate and the unpaid principal amount of all outstanding Loans and all interest and other
amounts as aforesaid shall automatically become due and payable, in each case without further act of the
Administrative Agent or any Lender.
Section 8.03 Application of Funds. After the exercise of remedies provided for in Section 8.02
(or after the Loans have automatically become immediately due and payable as set forth in the proviso to
Section 8.02), any amounts received on account of the Obligations shall, subject to the provisions of Section
2.12, be applied by the Administrative Agent in the following order:
FIRST, to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting fees,
indemnities and expenses (other than principal and interest but including fees, charges and
disbursements of counsel to the Administrative Agent and amounts payable under Article
III) payable to the Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent in their capacities as such;
SECOND, to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting fees,
indemnities and other amounts (other than principal and interest) payable to the Lenders
(including fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to the respective Lenders and
amounts payable under Article III), ratably among them in proportion to the respective
amounts described in this clause Second payable to them;
THIRD, to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting accrued
and unpaid interest on the Loans and other Obligations, ratably among the Lenders in
proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Third payable to them; 

- 75 -
FOURTH, to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting
unpaid principal of the Loans and obligations in respect of Secured Cash Management
Agreements and Secured Hedge Agreements, ratably among the Secured Parties in
proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Fourth held by them; and
LAST, the balance, if any, after all of the Obligations have been paid in
full, to the Borrower or as otherwise required by Law.
ARTICLE IX
ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND COLLATERAL AGENT
Section 9.01 Appointment and Authority.
(a) Each of the Lenders hereby irrevocably appoints RBC to act on its behalf as the
Administrative Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents and authorizes the Administrative
Agent to take such actions on its behalf and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the Administrative
Agent by the terms hereof or thereof, together with such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental
thereto. Except to the extent expressly set forth in Sections 9.02, 9.05, 9.06, 9.11 and 9.12, the provisions
of this Article IX are solely for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders and the Borrower
shall not have rights as a third-party beneficiary of any of such provisions. It is understood and agreed that
the use of the term agent herein or in any other Loan Document (or any other similar term) with reference
to the Administrative Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other implied (or express)
obligations arising under agency doctrine of any applicable Law. Instead such term is used as a matter of
market custom, and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between contracting
parties.
(b) Royal Bank of Canada shall irrevocably act as the collateral agent under the Loan
Documents, and each of the Lenders (including in its capacities as a potential Secured Hedging
Counterparty and/or Secured Cash Management Bank) hereby irrevocably appoints and authorizes the
Administrative Agent to act as the agent of (and to hold any security interest created by the Security
Documents for and on behalf of or in trust for) such Lender for purposes of acquiring, holding and enforcing
any and all Liens on Collateral granted by any of the Loan Parties to secure any of the Obligations, together
with such powers and discretion as are reasonably incidental thereto. In this connection, the Administrative
Agent, as collateral agent (and any co-agents, sub-agents and attorneys-in-fact appointed by the
Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 9.05 for purposes of holding or enforcing any Lien on the
Collateral (or any portion thereof) granted under the Security Documents, or for exercising any rights and
remedies thereunder at the direction of the Administrative Agent), shall be entitled to the benefits of all
provisions of this Article IX (including Section 9.07, as though such co-agents, sub-agents and attorneys-in-fact were the collateral agent under the Loan Documents) as if set forth in full herein with respect
thereto. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Lenders and each other Secured Party hereby
expressly authorize the Administrative Agent to execute any and all documents (including releases) with
respect to the Collateral and the rights of the Secured Parties with respect thereto, as contemplated by and
in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement and the Security Documents and acknowledge and
agree that any such action by Royal Bank of Canada in its capacity as Administrative Agent or Collateral
Agent shall bind the Lenders and each other Secured Party.
Section 9.02 Rights as a Lender. The Person serving as the Administrative Agent hereunder
shall have the same rights and powers in its capacity as a Lender as any other Lender and may exercise the
same as though it were not the Administrative Agent and the term Lender or Lenders shall, unless
otherwise expressly indicated or unless the context otherwise requires, include the Person serving as the
Administrative Agent hereunder in its individual capacity. Such Person and its Affiliates may accept 

- 76 -
deposits from, lend money to, own securities of, act as the financial advisor or in any other advisory capacity
for and generally engage in any kind of business with any of the Borrower or its Subsidiaries or other
Affiliate thereof as if such Person were not the Administrative Agent hereunder and without any duty to
account therefor to the Lenders.
Section 9.03 Exculpatory Provisions.
(a) None of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, any of their respective
Affiliates, nor any of the officers, partners, directors, employees or agents of the foregoing shall have any
duties or obligations to the Lenders except those expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents,
and its duties hereunder shall be administrative in nature. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing,
no Agent or any of their respective officers, partners, directors, employees or agents:
(i) shall not be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of
whether a Default has occurred and is continuing;
(ii)shall not have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any
discretionary powers, except discretionary rights and powers expressly contemplated hereby or by
the other Loan Documents that such Agent is required to exercise as directed in writing by the
Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be expressly provided
for herein or in the other Loan Documents), provided that such Agent shall not be required to take
any action that, in its opinion or the opinion of its counsel, may expose such Agent to liability or
that is contrary to any Loan Document or applicable Laws, including for the avoidance of doubt,
any action that may be in violation of the automatic stay under any Debtor Relief Law or that may
effect a forfeiture, modification or termination of property of a Defaulting Lender in violation of
any Debtor Relief Law; and
(iii) shall not, except as expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan
Documents, have any duty to disclose, and shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, any
information relating to the Loan Parties or any of their Affiliates that is communicated to or
obtained by the Person serving as an Agent or any of its Affiliates in any capacity.
(b) The Administrative Agent shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it (i)
with the consent or at the request of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the
Lenders as shall be necessary, or as the Administrative Agent shall believe in good faith shall be necessary,
under the circumstances as provided in Sections 10.01 and 8.02) or (ii) in the absence of (A) its own bad
faith, gross negligence or willful misconduct or (B) a material breach hereunder under any Loan Document,
in each case, as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by a final and non-appealable judgment.
The Administrative Agent shall be deemed not to have knowledge of any Default or the event or events
that give or may give rise to any Default unless and until the Borrower or any Lender shall have given
notice to the Administrative Agent describing such Default and such event or events.
(c) No Agent-Related Person shall be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or
inquire into (i) any statement, warranty, representation or other information made or supplied in or in
connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or
other document delivered hereunder or thereunder or in connection herewith or therewith or the adequacy,
accuracy and/or completeness of the information contained therein, (iii) the performance or observance of
any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions set forth herein or therein or the occurrence
of any Default or Event of Default, (iv) the validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of this
Agreement, any other Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document or (v) the 

- 77 -
satisfaction of any condition set forth in Article IV or elsewhere herein, other than to confirm receipt of
items expressly required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent.
(d) Nothing in this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall require the Administrative
Agent or any of its Related Parties to carry out any know your customer or other checks in relation to any
Person on behalf of any Lender, and each Lender confirms to the Administrative Agent that it is solely
responsible for any such checks it is required to carry out and that it may not rely on any statement in
relation to such checks made by the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties.
Section 9.04 Reliance by Administrative Agent. The Agents shall be entitled to rely upon, and
shall not incur any liability for relying upon, any notice, request, certificate, consent, statement, instrument,
document or other writing (including any electronic message, Internet or intranet website posting or other
distribution) believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed, sent or otherwise authenticated by the
proper Person. Each Agent also may rely upon any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed
by it to have been made by the proper Person, and shall not incur any liability for relying thereon. In
determining compliance with any condition hereunder to the making of a Loan that by its terms must be
fulfilled to the satisfaction of a Lender, the Administrative Agent may presume that such condition is
satisfactory to such Lender unless an officer of the Administrative Agent responsible for the transactions
contemplated hereby shall have received notice to the contrary from such Lender prior to the making of such
Loan. Each Agent may consult with legal counsel (who may be counsel for the Borrower), independent
accountants and other experts selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in
accordance with the advice of any such counsel, accountants or experts.
Section 9.05 Delegation of Duties. Each Agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise
its rights and powers hereunder or under any other Loan Document by or through any one or more sub-agents appointed by such Agent. Each Agent and any such sub-agent may perform any and all of its duties
and exercise its rights and powers by or through their respective Agent-Related Persons. The exculpatory
provisions of this Article shall apply to any such sub-agent and to the Related Parties of the each Agent and
any such sub-agent, and shall apply to their respective activities in connection with the syndication of the
credit facilities provided for herein as well as activities as the Agents. No Agent shall be responsible for the
negligence or misconduct of any sub-agents except to the extent that a court of competent jurisdiction
determines in a final and non-appealable judgment that the Administrative Agent acted with bad faith, gross
negligence or willful misconduct in the selection of such sub-agents.
Section 9.06 Resignation and Removal of Administrative Agent.
(a) The Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent may at any time give notice of its
resignation to the Lenders and the Borrower. Upon receipt of any such notice of resignation, the Required
Lenders shall have the right, in consultation with the Borrower, to appoint a successor Administrative Agent
or Collateral Agent, as applicable, with the consent, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is
continuing, of the Borrower (such consent not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed), provided
that no Ineligible Assignee may be appointed successor Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent, as
applicable, without the written consent of the Borrower. If no such successor shall have been so appointed
by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days after the retiring
Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent, as applicable, gives notice of its resignation (or such earlier day
as shall be agreed by the Required Lenders) (the Resignation Effective Date ), then the retiring
Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent, as applicable, may (but shall not be obligated to), on behalf of
the Lenders, appoint a successor Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent, as applicable, meeting the
qualifications set forth above with the consent, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is
continuing, of the Borrower (such consent not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed). Whether 

- 78 -
or not a successor has been appointed, such resignation shall become effective in accordance with such
notice on the Resignation Effective Date.
(b) Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, if at any time the Required Lenders
determine that the Person serving as Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent is (without taking into
account any provision in the definition of Defaulting Lender requiring notice from the Administrative
Agent or any other party) a Defaulting Lender pursuant to clause (v) of the definition thereof, the Required
Lenders (determined after giving effect to Section 10.01) may by written notice to the Borrower and such
Person remove such Person as Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent, as applicable, and appoint a
replacement Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent, as applicable, hereunder with the consent, so long
as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, of the Borrower (such consent not be unreasonably
withheld, conditioned or delayed). Such removal will, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Laws,
be effective on the earlier of the date (the Removal Effective Date (i) on which a replacement
Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent is appointed and (ii) which is 30 days after the giving of such
notice by the Required Lenders (regardless of whether a replacement Administrative Agent or Collateral
Agent, as applicable, has been appointed).
(c) With effect from the Resignation Effective Date or the Removal Effective Date (as
applicable) (i) the retiring or removed Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent shall be discharged from
its duties and obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents and (ii) except for any indemnity
payments or other amounts then owed to the retiring or removed Agent, all payments, communications and
determinations provided to be made by, to or through such Agent shall instead be made by or to each Lender
directly, until such time, if any, as the Required Lenders appoint a successor Administrative Agent or
Collateral Agent, as applicable, as provided for above. Upon the acceptance of a successor s appointment
as Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent hereunder, such successor shall succeed to and become vested
with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring or removed Administrative Agent or
Collateral Agent (other than any rights to indemnity payments or other amounts owed to the retiring or
removed Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent, as applicable, as of the Resignation Effective Date or
Removal Effective Date, as applicable), and the retiring or removed Administrative Agent or Collateral
Agent shall be discharged from all of its duties and obligations hereunder or under the other Loan
Documents. The fees payable by the Borrower to a successor Agent shall be the same as those payable to
its predecessor unless otherwise agreed between the Borrower and such successor. After the retiring or
removed Agent s resignation or removal hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, the provisions of
this Article and Section 10.04 shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring or removed Agent, its
sub-agents and their respective Related Parties in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any
of them while the retiring or removed Agent was acting as Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent, as
applicable.
Section 9.07 Non-Reliance on Agents and Other Lenders. Each Lender acknowledges that it
has, independently and without reliance upon any Agent or any other Lender or any of their Related Parties
and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis
and decision to enter into this Agreement. Each Lender also acknowledges that it will, independently and
without reliance upon the any Agent or any other Lender or any of their Related Parties and based on such
documents and information as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own
decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement, any other Loan Document or
any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder.
Section 9.08 No Other Duties, Etc. Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, none of
the Arranger or Book Manager listed on the cover page hereof shall have any powers, duties or
responsibilities under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents, except in its capacity, as
applicable, as the Administrative Agent, Collateral Agent or a Lender hereunder. 

- 79 -
Section 9.09 Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim. In case of the pendency of any
proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law or any other judicial proceeding relative to the Borrower, the
Administrative Agent (irrespective of whether the principal of any Loan shall then be due and payable as
herein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent shall
have made any demand on the Borrower) shall be entitled and empowered by intervention in such proceeding
or otherwise:
(i) to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal and interest
owing and unpaid in respect of the Loans and all other Obligations that are owing and unpaid and
to file such other documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the
Lenders and the Administrative Agent (including any claim for the reasonable compensation,
expenses, disbursements and advances of the Lenders and the Administrative Agent and their
respective agents and counsel and all other amounts due the Lenders and the Administrative Agent
under Sections 2.07 and 10.04) allowed in such judicial proceeding; and
(ii)to collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on
any such claims and to distribute the same;
and any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such
judicial proceeding is hereby authorized by each Lender to make such payments to the Administrative
Agent and, in the event that the Administrative Agent shall consent to the making of such payments directly
to the Lenders, to pay to the Administrative Agent any amount due for the reasonable compensation,
expenses, disbursements and advances of the Administrative Agent and its agents and counsel, and any
other amounts due the Administrative Agent under Sections 2.07 and 10.04.
Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to authorize the Administrative Agent to
authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Lender any plan of reorganization, arrangement,
adjustment or composition affecting the Obligations or the rights of any Lender to authorize the
Administrative Agent to vote in respect of the claim of any Lender in any such proceeding.
Section 9.10 Certain ERISA Matters.
(a) Each Lender (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender
party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such
Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and not, for the
avoidance of doubt, for the benefit of the Borrower, that at least one of the following is and will be true:
(i) such Lender is not using plan assets (within the meaning of Section 3(42) of
ERISA or otherwise) of one or more Benefit Plans with respect to such Lender s entrance into,
participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments or this
Agreement;
(ii)the transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE 84-14 (a
class exemption for certain transactions determined by independent qualified professional asset
managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company
general accounts), PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance
company pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38 (a class exemption for certain transactions
involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain
transactions determined by in-house asset managers), is applicable with respect to such Lender s
entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments
and this Agreement; 

- 80 -
(iii) (A) such Lender is an investment fund managed by a Qualified Professional
Asset Manager (within the meaning of Part VI of PTE 84-14), (B) such Qualified Professional
Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Lender to enter into, participate in,
administer and perform the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement, (C) the entrance into,
participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this
Agreement satisfies the requirements of sub-sections (b) through (g) of Part I of PTE 84-14 and
(D) to the best knowledge of such Lender, the requirements of subsection (a) of Part I of PTE 84-
14 are satisfied with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and
performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement; or
(iv) such other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in writing
between the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, and such Lender.
(b) In addition, unless either (1) sub-clause (i) in the immediately preceding clause (a) is
true with respect to a Lender or (2) a Lender has provided another representation, warranty and covenant
in accordance with sub-clause (iv) in the immediately preceding clause (a), such Lender further (x)
represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants,
from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender
party hereto, for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the
benefit of the Borrower, that the Administrative Agent is not a fiduciary with respect to the assets of such
Lender involved in such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the
Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement (including in connection with the reservation or exercise of
any rights by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement, any Loan Document or any documents
related hereto or thereto).
Section 9.11 Collateral and Guaranty Matters; Exercise of Remedies.
(a) Each Agent (or sub-agent thereof), each Lender (including in its capacities as a potential
Secured Cash Management Bank and a potential Secured Hedging Counterparty) and each other Secured
Party irrevocably authorizes the Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent to be the agent for and
representative of the Lenders with respect to the Guaranty and the Collateral and the Security Documents,
respectively, and agrees that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document:
(i) Liens on any property granted to or held by an Agent or in favor of any Secured
Party under any Loan Document or otherwise will be automatically and immediately released, and
each Secured Party irrevocably authorizes and directs the Agents (or sub-agent thereof) to enter
into, and each agrees that it will enter into, the necessary or advisable documents requested by the
Borrower and associated therewith, upon the occurrence of any of the following events (each, a
 Lien Release Event ),
(A) the payment in full in cash of all the Obligations (other than
Obligations arising under Secured Hedging Agreements and Secured Cash Management
Agreements, and contingent or indemnification obligations for which no claim has been
asserted);
(B) a transfer of the property subject to such Lien as part of, or in
connection with, a transaction that is permitted (or not prohibited including pursuant to a
valid waiver or consent) by the terms of the Loan Documents to any Person that is not (and
is not required to be) a Loan Party; 

- 81 -
(C) with respect to property owned by any Guarantor or with respect to
which any Guarantor has rights, the release of such Guarantor from its obligations under
its Guaranty pursuant to a Guaranty Release Event;
(D) the approval, authorization or ratification of the release of such Lien
by the Required Lenders or by such percentage of the Lenders as may be required pursuant
to Section 10.01; and/or
(E)such property becoming an Excluded Property or an asset owned by an
Excluded Subsidiary.
(ii)a Guarantor will be automatically and immediately released from its obligations
under the Guaranty upon such Guarantor becoming an Excluded Subsidiary (each a Guaranty
Release Event (provided that, in the case of a Guaranty Release Event resulting from a transaction
where a Subsidiary ceases to be a wholly-owned Subsidiary, such transaction shall have been made
to or with a bona fide unaffiliated third party for bona fide business purposes, as determined by
the Borrower in good faith), and each Secured Party irrevocably authorizes and directs the Agents
to enter into, and each Agent agrees it will enter into, the necessary and advisable documents
requested by the Borrower to (1) release (or acknowledge the release of) such Guarantor from its
obligations under the Guaranty and (2) release (or acknowledge the release of) any Liens granted
by such Subsidiary or Liens on the Equity Interests of such Subsidiary; it being agreed that, without
affecting the timing of any such release and without it being a condition thereto, such release
documentation shall be effective at the consummation of one or more of the events described above;
andthe Borrower
(iii) the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent will exclusively exercise
all rights and remedies under the Loan Documents or with respect to the Obligations created
thereunder, and neither the Lenders nor any other Secured Party will exercise such rights and
remedies (other than the Required Lenders exercising such rights and remedies through the
Administrative Agent); provided that the foregoing shall not preclude any Lender from exercising
any right of set-off in accordance with the provisions of Section 10.09, enforcing compliance with
the provisions set forth in Section 10.01(b) or filing proofs of claim or appearing and filing
pleadings on its own behalf during the pendency of a proceeding relative to any Loan Party under
any Debtor Relief Law.
(b) Each Agent, each Lender and each other Secured Party agrees that it will promptly take
such action and execute any such documents as may be reasonably requested by the Borrower (such actions
and such execution, the Release Actions ), at the Borrower s sole cost and expense, in connection with a
Lien Release Event and/or Guaranty Release Event and that such actions are not discretionary. Without
limitation, the Release Actions may include, as applicable, (a) executing (if required) and delivering to the
Loan Parties (or any designee of the Loan Parties) any such lien releases, mortgage releases or assignments
of mortgages, discharges of security interests, pledges and guarantees and other similar discharge or release
documents, as are reasonably requested by a Loan Party in connection with the release or assignment, as of
record, of the Liens (and all notices of security interests and Liens previously filed) the subject of a Lien
Release Event or the release of any applicable Guarantee in connection with a Guaranty Release Event and
(b) delivering to the Loan Parties (or any designee of the Loan Parties) all instruments evidencing pledged
debt and all equity certificates and any other collateral previously delivered in physical form by the Loan
Parties to a Secured Party.
(c) In connection with any Lien Release Event, Guaranty Release Event and/or Release
Action, each of the Collateral Agent, the Administrative Agent and each other Secured Party shall be 

- 82 -
entitled to rely and shall rely exclusively on an officer s certificate of the Borrower (the Release
Certificate delivered to each Agent confirming that (a) such Lien Release Event and/or Guaranty Release
Event, as applicable, has occurred or will upon consummation of one or more identified transactions (an
 Identified Transaction occur, (b) the conditions to any such Lien Release Event and/or Guaranty Release
Event have been satisfied or will be satisfied upon consummation of an Identified Transaction, and (c) that
any such Identified Transaction is permitted by (or not prohibited by) the Loan Documents (including
pursuant to a valid waiver or consent). The Collateral Agent and the Administrative Agent will be fully
exculpated from any liability and shall be fully protected and shall not have any liability whatsoever to any
Secured Party as a result of such reliance or the consummation of any Release Action. A Release Certificate
may be delivered in advance of or concurrently with the consummation of any applicable Identified
Transaction.
(d) Each Lender (including in its capacities as a potential Secured Cash Management Bank
and a potential Secured Hedging Counterparty) and each Secured Party irrevocably authorizes and
irrevocably directs the Collateral Agent and the Administrative Agent to take the Release Actions and
consents to reliance on the Release Certificate. The Secured Parties agree not to give any Agent any
instruction or direction inconsistent with the provisions of this Section 9.11. Neither the Administrative
Agent nor the Collateral Agent shall be responsible for, or have a duty to ascertain or inquire into, any
statement in a Release Certificate, the compliance of any Identified Transaction with the terms of a Loan
Document, any representation or warranty regarding the existence, value or collectability of the Collateral,
the existence, priority or perfection of the Collateral Agent s Lien thereon, or contained in any certificate
prepared or delivered by any Loan Party in connection with the Collateral or compliance with the terms set
forth above or in a Loan Document, nor shall the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent be responsible
or liable to the Lenders for any failure to monitor or maintain any portion of the Collateral.
(e) Each Agent, each Lender (including in its capacities as a potential Secured Cash
Management Bank and a potential Secured Hedging Counterparty) and each other Secured Party agrees
that following the receipt by the Agents of an applicable Release Certificate each Agent will take all Release
Actions promptly upon request of the Borrower and in any event not later than the date that is (i) the one
Business Day following the date Release Certificate is delivered to the Administrative Agent and (ii) the
date any applicable Identified Transaction described in the Release Certificate is consummated.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing set forth in this Section 9.11 shall relieve or release any Loan Party
from any liability resulting from a Default or Event of Default that results from an Identified Transaction
or misrepresentation or omission in any Release Certificate.
(f) Anything contained in any of the Loan Documents to the contrary notwithstanding, each
Agent, each Lender (including in its capacities as a potential Secured Cash Management Bank and a
potential Secured Hedging Counterparty) and each Secured Party hereby agree that in the event of a
foreclosure or similar enforcement action by the Collateral Agent on any of the Collateral pursuant to a
public or private sale or other disposition (including, without limitation, pursuant to Section 363(k),
Section 1129(b)(2)(a)(ii) or otherwise of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code), only the Collateral Agent (except with
respect to a credit bid pursuant to Section 363(k), Section 1129(b)(2)(a)(ii) or otherwise of the U.S.
Bankruptcy Code) may be the purchaser or licensor of any or all of such Collateral at any such sale or other
disposition, and the Collateral Agent, as agent for and representative of the Secured Parties (but not any
Lender or Lenders in its or their respective individual capacities), shall be entitled, upon instructions from
the Required Lenders, for the purpose of bidding and making settlement or payment of the purchase price
for all or any portion of the Collateral sold at any such sale or disposition, to use and apply any of the
Obligations owed to it as a credit on account of the purchase price for any collateral payable by the
Collateral Agent at such sale or other disposition. 

- 83 -
Section 9.12 Erroneous Payments.
(a) If the Administrative Agent notifies a Lender or Secured Party, or any Person who has
received funds on behalf of a Lender or Secured Party (any such Lender, Secured Party or other recipient
other than a Loan Party, a Payment Recipient that the Administrative Agent has determined in its sole
reasonable discretion that any funds received by such Payment Recipient from the Administrative Agent or
any of its Affiliates were erroneously transmitted to, or otherwise erroneously or mistakenly received by,
such Payment Recipient (whether or not known to such Payment Recipient) (any such funds, whether
received as a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees, distribution or otherwise,
individually and collectively, an Erroneous Payment and demands the return of such Erroneous Payment
(or a portion thereof), such Erroneous Payment shall at all times remain the property of the Administrative
Agent and shall be segregated by the Payment Recipient and held in trust for the benefit of the
Administrative Agent, and such Payment Recipient shall promptly, but in no event later than one Business
Day thereafter, return to the Administrative Agent, in same day funds (in the currency so received), the
amount of any such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof), together with interest thereon in respect of
each day from and including the date such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such
Payment Recipient to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent, at the greater of the
Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with prevailing
banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect. To the extent permitted by
applicable law, no Payment Recipient shall assert any right or claim to an Erroneous Payment, and hereby
waives, and is deemed to waive, any claim, counterclaim, defense or right of set-off or recoupment with
respect to any demand, claim or counterclaim by the Administrative Agent for the return of any Erroneous
Payment received, including without limitation waiver of any defense based on discharge for value or
any similar doctrine. A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Payment Recipient under this clause (a)
shall be conclusive, absent manifest error.
(b) Without limiting immediately preceding clause (a), each Payment Recipient hereby
further agrees that if it receives an Erroneous Payment from the Administrative Agent (or any of its
Affiliates) (x) that is in a different amount than, or on a different date from, that specified in a notice of
payment sent by the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates) with respect to such Erroneous Payment
(the Payment Notice ), or (y) that was not preceded or accompanied by a Payment Notice sent by the
Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates), then, said Payment Recipient shall be on notice, in each
case, that an error has been made with respect to such Erroneous Payment. Each Payment Recipient agrees
that, in each such case, or if it otherwise becomes aware an Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) may
have been sent in error, such Payment Recipient shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent of such
occurrence and, upon demand from the Administrative Agent, it shall promptly, but in no event later than
one Business Day thereafter, return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Erroneous Payment
(or portion thereof) in same day funds (in the currency so received), together with interest thereon in respect
of each day from and including the date such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such
Payment Recipient to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent, at the greater of the
Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with prevailing
banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect.
(c) Each Payment Recipient hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off, net and
apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Payment Recipient under any Loan Document, or
otherwise payable or distributable by the Administrative Agent to such Payment Recipient from any source,
against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under any of the immediately preceding clauses (a) or
(b) or under the indemnification provisions of this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, the Borrower
or any Loan Party shall continue to be deemed to have performed its payment obligations with respect to
any amount subject to such set-off, netting or application pursuant to the preceding sentence. 

- 84 -
(d) In the event that an Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) is not recovered by the
Administrative Agent for any reason, after demand therefor by the Administrative Agent (such unrecovered
amount, an Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency ), such Erroneous Payment shall not pay, prepay,
repay, discharge or otherwise satisfy any Obligations owed by the Borrower or any other Loan Party,
except, in each case, to the extent such Erroneous Payment is, and solely with respect to the amount of such
Erroneous Payment that is, (i) comprised of funds of the Borrower or any other Loan Party or (ii) the
proceeds of realization from the enforcement of one or more of the Security Documents against or in respect
of the Borrower or one or more of the Loan Parties for the purpose of making such Erroneous Payment;
provided however the foregoing shall not apply if all or any portion of the Erroneous Payment. includes
funds of the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any of their respective affiliates or subsidiaries in an amount
in excess of the amounts authorized or approved by the Borrower or any Loan Party for such payment, in
which case the Administrative Agent shall immediately commence actions in accordance with this Section
9.12 to recover the Erroneous Payment (or, if applicable, the portion of the Erroneous Payment that was
not authorized by the Borrower or any other Loan Party). For the avoidance of doubt, no assignment of an
Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency will reduce the Commitments of any Payment Recipient and such
Commitments shall remain available in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. In addition, each
party hereto agrees that, except to the extent that the Administrative Agent has sold a Loan (or portion
thereof) acquired pursuant to the assignment of an Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency, and irrespective
of whether the Administrative Agent may be equitably subrogated, the Administrative Agent shall be
contractually subrogated to all the rights and interests of the applicable Payment Recipient under the Loan
Documents with respect to each Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency.
(e) Each party s obligations, agreements and waivers under this Section 9.12 shall survive
the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent, any transfer of rights or obligations by, or the
replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments and/or the repayment, satisfaction or
discharge of all Obligations (or any portion thereof) under any Loan Document.
Section 9.13 Cash Management Agreements and Secured Hedging Agreements.
Except as otherwise expressly set forth herein or in any Guaranty or any Security Document, no Secured
Cash Management Bank or Secured Hedging Counterparty that obtains the benefits of Section 8.03, any
Guaranty or any Collateral by virtue of the provisions hereof or of any Guaranty or any Security Document
shall have any right to notice of any action or to consent to, direct or object to any action hereunder or under
any other Loan Document or otherwise in respect of the Collateral or any Guaranty (including the release or
impairment of any Collateral or Guaranty) other than in its capacity as a Lender and, in such case, only to
the extent expressly provided in the Loan Documents. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Article
X to the contrary, the Administrative Agent shall not be required to verify the payment of, or that other
satisfactory arrangements have been made with respect to, cash management obligations or Obligations
arising under Secured Hedging Agreements.
ARTICLE X
MISCELLANEOUS
Section 10.01 Amendments, Etc. No amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement
or any other Loan Document, and no consent to any departure by the Borrower therefrom, shall be effective
unless in writing signed by the Required Lenders and the Borrower and acknowledged by the Administrative
Agent, and each such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific
purpose for which given; provided, however, that (x) the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent, as
applicable, and the Borrower may, with the consent of the other, amend, modify or supplement this
Agreement and any other Loan Document to cure any ambiguity, omission, typographical error, mistake,
defect or inconsistency if such amendment, modification or supplement does not adversely affect the rights 

- 85 -
of the Administrative Agent, Collateral Agent or any Lender and (y) no such amendment, waiver or consent
shall:
(i) waive any condition set forth in Section 4.01 without the written consent of
each Lender;
(ii)extend or increase the Commitment of any Lender (or reinstate any
Commitment terminated pursuant to Section 8.02) without the written consent of such Lender (it
being understood and agreed that a waiver of any condition precedent set forth in Section 4.02 or
of any Default shall not be deemed an extension or increase of the Commitment of any Lender);
(iii) postpone any date fixed by this Agreement or any other Loan Document for
any payment or mandatory prepayment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts due to the
Lenders (or any of them) or any scheduled or mandatory reduction of the Aggregate Commitments
hereunder or under any other Loan Document without the written consent of each Lender directly
affected thereby (other than as a result of waiving an Event of Default in accordance with the terms
hereof);
(iv) reduce the principal of, or the rate of interest specified herein on, any Loan or
(subject to clause (ii) of the second proviso to this Section 10.01) any fees or other amounts payable
hereunder or under any other Loan Document without the written consent of each Lender directly
affected thereby; provided, however, that only the consent of the Required Lenders shall be
required to amend the definition of Default Rate or to waive any obligation of the Borrower to
pay interest at the Default Rate;
(v) change the definition of Applicable Percentage, Section 2.10(a), Section
2.11, Section 8.03 or any other provision of this Agreement in a manner that would alter the pro
rata sharing of payments required thereby without the written consent of each Lender;
(vi) change any provision of this Section or the definition of Required Lenders 
or any other provision hereof specifying the number or percentage of Lenders required to amend,
waive or otherwise modify any rights hereunder or make any determination or grant any consent
hereunder, without the written consent of each Lender;
(vii) release any Person or Persons from their obligations under the Guaranty
constituting all or substantially all of the value of the Guaranty, except as expressly permitted by
the Loan Documents (including as provided in Section 9.11), without the written consent of each
Lender;
(viii) except as provided in Section 9.11 or elsewhere in the Loan Documents
(including Sections 7.03 and 7.10), release all or substantially all of the Collateral in any transaction
or related transaction, without the written consent of each Lender;
(ix) subordinate (1) any of the Liens securing any of the Obligations to the Liens
securing any other Indebtedness or other obligations or (2) any Obligations in contractual right of
payment to any other Indebtedness or other obligations;
and, provided further, that (i) no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by the
Administrative Agent in addition to the Lenders required above, affect the rights or duties of the
Administrative Agent under this Agreement or any other Loan Document; (ii) no amendment, waiver or
consent shall, unless in writing and signed by the Collateral Agent in addition to the Lenders required above, 

- 86 -
adversely affect the rights or duties of, or any fees or other amounts payable to, the Collateral Agent under
this Agreement or any other Loan Document; and (iii) any fee letter may be amended, or rights or privileges
thereunder waived, in a writing executed only by the parties thereto. Anything herein to the contrary
notwithstanding, during such period as a Lender is a Defaulting Lender, to the fullest extent permitted by
applicable Laws, such Lender will not be entitled to vote in respect of amendments and waivers hereunder
and the Commitment and the outstanding Loans of such Lender hereunder will not be taken into account in
determining whether the Required Lenders or all of the Lenders, as required, have approved any such
amendment or waiver (and the definition of Required Lenders will automatically be deemed modified
accordingly for the duration of such period); provided that any such amendment or waiver that would
increase or extend the term of the Commitment of such Defaulting Lender, extend the date fixed for the
payment of principal or interest owing to such Defaulting Lender hereunder, reduce the principal amount
of any obligation owing to such Defaulting Lender, reduce the amount of or the rate or amount of interest
on any amount owing to such Defaulting Lender or of any fee payable to such Defaulting Lender hereunder,
or alter the terms of this proviso, will require the consent of such Defaulting Lender.
Section 10.02 Notices; Effectiveness; Electronic Communication.
(a) Notices Generally. Except in the case of notices and other communications expressly
permitted to be given by telephone (and except as expressly provided in Section 6.01 and subsection (b)
below), all notices and other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be delivered
by hand or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by facsimile, and all
notices and other communications expressly permitted hereunder to be given by telephone shall be made to
the applicable telephone number, as follows:
(i) if to the Borrower, the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent to the
address, facsimile number, electronic mail address or telephone number specified for such Person
on Schedule 10.02; and
(ii)if to any other Lender, to the address, facsimile number, electronic mail address
or telephone number specified in its Administrative Questionnaire (including, as appropriate,
notices delivered solely to the Person designated by a Lender on its Administrative Questionnaire
then in effect for the delivery of notices that may contain material non-public information relating
to the Borrower).
Notices and other communications sent by hand or overnight courier service, or mailed by certified or
registered mail, shall be deemed to have been given when received; notices and other communications sent
by facsimile shall be deemed to have been given when sent (except that, if not given during normal business
hours for the recipient, shall be deemed to have been given at the opening of business on the next Business
Day for the recipient). Notices and other communications delivered through electronic communications to
the extent provided in subsection (b) below, shall be effective as provided in such subsection (b).
(b)Electronic Communications. Notices and other communications to the Lenders
hereunder may be delivered or furnished by electronic communication (including e-mail and Internet or
intranet websites) pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent; provided that the
foregoing shall not apply to notices to any Lender pursuant to Article II if such Lender has notified the
Administrative Agent that it is incapable of receiving notices under such Article by electronic
communication. The Administrative Agent or the Borrower may each, in its discretion, agree to accept
notices and other communications to it hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to procedures
approved by it; provided that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or
communications. 

- 87 -
Unless the Administrative Agent otherwise prescribes, (i) notices and other
communications sent to an e-mail address shall be deemed received upon the sender s receipt of an
acknowledgement from the intended recipient (such as by the return receipt requested function, as
available, return e-mail or other written acknowledgement), and (ii) notices or communications posted to
an Internet or intranet website shall be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient
at its e-mail address as described in the foregoing clause (i) of notification that such notice or
communication is available and identifying the website address therefore; provided that, for both clauses (i)
and (ii), if such notice, email or other communication is not sent during the normal business hours of the
recipient, such notice, email or communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business
on the next Business Day for the recipient.
(c) The Platform. THE PLATFORM IS PROVIDED AS IS AND AS AVAILABLE. 
THE AGENT PARTIES (AS DEFINED BELOW) DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY OR
COMPLETENESS OF THE BORROWER MATERIALS OR THE ADEQUACY OF THE PLATFORM,
AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM LIABILITY FOR ERRORS IN OR OMISSIONS FROM THE
BORROWER MATERIALS. NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR
STATUTORY, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS OR FREEDOM
FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER CODE DEFECTS, IS MADE BY ANY AGENT PARTY IN
CONNECTION WITH THE BORROWER MATERIALS OR THE PLATFORM. In no event shall the
Administrative Agent or any Agent-Related Person (collectively, the Agent Parties have any liability to
the Borrower, any Lender or any other Person for losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses of any
kind (whether in tort, contract or otherwise) arising out of the Borrower s or the Administrative Agent s
transmission of Borrower Materials through the Internet.
(d)Change of Address, Etc. Each of the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and Collateral
Agent may change its address, facsimile or telephone number for notices and other communications
hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto. Each other Lender may change its address, facsimile or
telephone number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the Borrower and the
Administrative Agent. In addition, each Lender agrees to notify the Administrative Agent from time to
time to ensure that the Administrative Agent has on record (i) an effective address, contact name, telephone
number, facsimile number and electronic mail address to which notices and other communications may be
sent and (ii) accurate wire instructions for such Lender. Furthermore, each Public Lender agrees to cause
at least one individual at or on behalf of such Public Lender to at all times have selected the Private Side
Information or similar designation on the content declaration screen of the Platform in order to enable such
Public Lender or its delegate, in accordance with such Public Lender s compliance procedures and
applicable Law, including United States Federal and state securities Laws, to make reference to Borrower
Materials that are not made available through the Public Side Information portion of the Platform and
that may contain material non-public information with respect to the Borrower or its securities for purposes
of United States Federal or state securities laws.
(e) Reliance by Agents and Lenders. The Agents and the Lenders shall be entitled to rely
and act upon any notices (including telephonic or electronic Loan Notices) purportedly given by or on
behalf of the Borrower even if (i) such notices were not made in a manner specified herein, were incomplete
or were not preceded or followed by any other form of notice specified herein, or (ii) the terms thereof, as
understood by the recipient, varied from any confirmation thereof. The Borrower shall indemnify the
Administrative Agent and the Lenders and the Related Parties of each of them from all losses, costs,
expenses and liabilities resulting from the reliance by such Person on each notice purportedly given by or
on behalf of the Borrower in accordance with Section 10.04(b). All telephonic notices to and other
telephonic communications with the Administrative Agent may be recorded by the Administrative Agent,
and each of the parties hereto hereby consents to such recording. 

- 88 -
Section 10.03 No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies; Enforcement. No failure by any Lender or
the Administrative Agent to exercise, and no delay by any such Person in exercising, any right, remedy,
power or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any
right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder or under any other Loan Document preclude any other or further
exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, remedy, power or privilege. The rights, remedies, powers
and privileges herein provided, and provided under each other Loan Document, are cumulative and not
exclusive of any rights, remedies, powers and privileges provided by law.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in any other Loan Document,
the authority to enforce rights and remedies hereunder and under the other Loan Documents shall be vested
exclusively in, and all actions and proceedings at law or in equity in connection with such enforcement
shall be instituted and maintained exclusively by, the Administrative Agent or (with respect to the Security
Documents) the Collateral Agent in accordance with Section 8.02 and/or Section 9.11 for the benefit of all
the Secured Parties and no Lender or other Secured Party shall have any right individually to realize upon
any of the Collateral or to enforce the terms of this Agreement or any other Loan Document or enforce
rights or remedies thereunder, it being understood and agreed that all powers, rights and remedies under
this Agreement and under any of the other Loan Documents may be exercised solely by the Administrative
Agent or the Collateral Agent, as applicable, for the benefit of the Secured Parties in accordance with the
terms hereof and thereof, and all powers, rights and remedies under the Security Documents may be
exercised solely by the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties in accordance with the terms
thereof and each Secured Party agrees to commence, support or participate in actions or proceedings relating
to the Obligations only in a manner consistent with the foregoing provisions; provided, however, that the
foregoing shall not prohibit (i) the Administrative Agent from exercising on its own behalf the rights and
remedies that inure to its benefit (solely in its capacity as Administrative Agent) hereunder and under the
other Loan Documents, (ii) any Lender from exercising setoff rights in accordance with Section 10.08
(subject to the terms of Section 2.11), or (iii) any Lender from filing proofs of claim or appearing and filing
pleadings on its own behalf during the pendency of a proceeding relative to the Borrower under any Debtor
Relief Law; and provided, further, that if at any time there is no Person acting as Administrative Agent
hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, then the Required Lenders shall have the rights otherwise
ascribed to the Administrative Agent or (with respect to the Security Documents) the Collateral Agent
pursuant to Section 8.02 and/or Section 9.11.
Each Lender and other Secured Party agrees that it shall not, and hereby waives any right
to, take or institute any actions or proceedings, judicial or otherwise, for any such right or remedy under
any Loan Document against any Loan Party or any past, present, or future Subsidiary of any Loan Party
concerning any Collateral, or any other property of any Loan Party or any past, present or future Loan Party
other than through the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, as applicable; provided, that, for the
avoidance of doubt, this sentence may be enforced against any Secured Party by the Required Lenders, any
Agent or any Borrower (or any of its Affiliates) and each Lender and other Secured Party expressly
acknowledge that this sentence shall be available as a defense of any Borrower (or any of its Affiliates) in
any such action, proceeding or remedial procedure. Each Lender and/or Secured Party, whether or not a
party hereto, will be deemed, by its acceptance of the benefits of the Collateral and of the Guarantees of the
Obligations, to have agreed to the foregoing provisions.
Section 10.04 Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver.
(a) Costs and Expenses. The Borrower shall pay within thirty (30) days of receipt of a
reasonably detailed written invoice (or, for any expenses incurred prior to the Effective Date, on the
Effective Date upon two (2) Business Days prior invoicing) (i) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket
fees and expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, and their respective Agent-Related Persons (but limited in the case of legal fees to the reasonable and documented fees and 

- 89 -
disbursements of (A) one firm of primary outside counsel for the Agents, (B) one firm of outside local
counsel in any relevant material jurisdiction, (C) if necessary, one firm of regulatory counsel in each
relevant material jurisdiction and (D) if necessary, in the case of an actual or perceived conflict of interest
where the Lender(s) affected by such conflict notifies the Borrower of the existence of such conflict, one
firm of outside counsel for all such affected Lenders taken as a whole), in connection with the syndication
of the credit facilities provided for herein, the preparation, negotiation, execution, delivery and
administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents or any amendments, modifications or
waivers of the provisions hereof or thereof (whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby
shall be consummated), and (ii) all documented out-of-pocket fees and expenses incurred by the Agents or
any Lender (including any former Lender that has terminated its Commitment pursuant to the final
paragraph of Section 8.01) in connection with the enforcement or protection of its rights (A) in connection
with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, including its rights under this Section, or (B) in
connection with the Loans made hereunder, including all such documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred
during any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of such Loans; provided, that pursuant to this
clause (ii), the Borrower shall not be required to reimburse such out-of-pocket expenses of more than one
counsel to the Agents and the Lenders (and one firm of local counsel to the Agents and the Lenders taken
as a whole in any relevant material jurisdiction and if necessary, one firm of outside regulatory counsel to
the Agents and the Lenders taken as a whole in any relevant material jurisdiction), unless the representation
of one or more Lenders by such counsel would be inappropriate due to the existence of an actual or
perceived conflict of interest (of which, such Lenders have notified the Borrower), in which case the
Borrower shall also be required to reimburse the fees, charges and disbursements of one additional firm of
counsel to all of such affected Lenders taken as a whole.
(b)Indemnification by the Borrower. The Borrower shall indemnify the Administrative
Agent (and any sub-agent thereof), the Collateral Agent, each Lender and each Related Party of any of the
foregoing Persons (each such Person being called an Indemnitee against, hold each Indemnitee harmless
from, and will reimburse each Indemnitee promptly following receipt of reasonably detailed documentation
for, any and all claims, damages, losses and liabilities and will reimburse the reasonable and documented
out-of-pocket expenses (but limited, in the case of legal fees and expenses, to the reasonable and
documented out-of-pocket fees, disbursements and other charges of (i) one firm of counsel to all of the
Indemnitees taken as a whole, (ii) if necessary, one firm of counsel in each relevant jurisdiction to the
Indemnitees taken as a whole and (iii) solely in the case of any actual conflict of interest or perceived
conflict of interest (of which, such Indemnitees have notified the Borrower), one additional firm of counsel
to all affected Indemnitees, taken as a whole), incurred by any Indemnitee or asserted against any
Indemnitee by any third party or by the Borrower arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of (i) the
execution or delivery of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument
contemplated hereby or thereby, the performance by the parties hereto of their respective obligations
hereunder or thereunder, the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, or, in the
case of the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent (and, in each case, any sub-agent thereof) and
their respective Related Parties only, the (A) administration of this Agreement and the other Loan
Documents (including in respect of any matters addressed in Section 3.01) and (B) acquiring, holding and
enforcing any and all Liens on the Collateral (or any portion thereof) granted under the Security Documents,
(ii) any Loan or the use or proposed use of the proceeds therefrom, or (iii) any other claim, litigation,
investigation or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether based on contract, tort or any other
theory, whether brought by a third party or by the Borrower, and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a
party thereto; provided that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that
such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or related expenses (x) are determined by a court of competent
jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from the bad faith, gross negligence or
willful misconduct of such Indemnitee, (y) result from a successful claim brought by the Borrower against
an Indemnitee for a material breach hereunder or under any other Loan Document, if the Borrower has
obtained a final and nonappealable judgment in its favor on such claim as determined by a court of 

- 90 -
competent jurisdiction or (z) arise from any action, claim, litigation or proceeding solely among the
Indemnitees and/or their Related Parties so long as such action, claim, litigation or proceeding is not
attributable to any act or omission by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (other than any claims against
any Person in its capacity or in fulfilling its role as an agent, Arranger or other similar role hereunder or
under the other Loan Documents, but in each case, solely to the extent such indemnification would not be
denied pursuant to clause (x) or (y) above). Each Indemnitee shall be obligated to refund or return any and
all amounts received pursuant to this Section 10.04(b) to the extent such Indemnitee is not entitled to
payment thereof in accordance with the terms hereof. This Section 10.04(b) shall not apply with respect to
Taxes other than any Taxes that represent losses, claims, damages, etc. arising from any non-Tax claim.
(c) Reimbursement by Lenders. To the extent that the Borrower for any reason fails to pay
any amount required under subsection (a) or (b) of this Section to be paid by it to the Administrative Agent
and the Collateral Agent (and, in each case, any sub-agent thereof) or any Related Party thereof (but without
limiting the obligation of the Borrower under such subsection), each Lender severally agrees to pay to the
Administrative Agent (or any such sub-agent) or the Collateral Agent (and, in each case, any sub-agent
thereof) or any of their respective Related Parties, as the case may be, such Lender s pro rata share
(determined as of the time that the applicable unreimbursed expense or indemnity payment is sought based
on each Lender s Applicable Percentage at such time) of such unpaid amount (including any such unpaid
amount in respect of a claim asserted by such Lender), provided that, the unreimbursed expense or
indemnified loss, claim, damage, liability or related expense, as the case may be, was incurred by or asserted
against (i) the Administrative Agent (or any such sub-agent) in its capacity as such, or against any Related
Party thereof acting for the Administrative Agent (or any such sub-agent) in connection with such capacity
or (ii) the Collateral Agent (or any such sub-agent) in its capacity as such, or against any Related Party
thereof acting for the Collateral Agent (or any such sub-agent) in connection with such capacity. The
obligations of the Lenders under this subsection (c) are subject to the provisions of Section 2.10(d).
(d) Waiver of Consequential Damages, Etc.
(i) To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the Loan Parties shall not
assert, and the Loan Parties hereby waive, and acknowledge that no other Person shall have, any
claim against any Indemnitee, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or
punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as
a result of, this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated
hereby, the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, any Loan or the use of the proceeds
thereof.
(ii)To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, no Agent, Lender or other
Secured Party shall assert, and each Agent, Lender and other Secured Party hereby waives, and
acknowledges that no other Person shall have, any claim against the Loan Parties, on any theory of
liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual
damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement, any other Loan
Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby, the transactions contemplated
hereby or thereby, any Loan or the use of the proceeds thereof; provided that nothing in this
paragraph (d) shall limit the Borrower s indemnity obligations under this Section 10.04 in respect
of any claims made by third parties for any special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages.
(iii) No Indemnitee referred to in subsection (b) above shall be liable for any
damages arising from the use by unintended recipients of any information or other materials
distributed to such unintended recipients by such Indemnitee through telecommunications,
electronic or other information transmission systems in connection with this Agreement or the other
Loan Documents or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby other than for direct or actual 

- 91 -
damages resulting from the gross negligence or willful misconduct, bad faith or material breach
hereunder or under any other Loan Document of such Indemnitee as determined by a final and
nonappealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction.
(e) Payments. All amounts due under this Section shall be payable not later than 30 days
after receipt of a reasonably detailed invoice therefor.
(f) Survival. The agreements in this Section and the indemnity provisions of
Section 10.02(e) shall survive the resignation of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the
replacement of any Lender, the termination of the Aggregate Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction
or discharge of all the other Obligations.
Section 10.05 Marshaling; Payments Set Aside. None of the Administrative Agent, Collateral
Agent nor any Lender shall be under any obligation to marshal any assets in favor of any Loan Party or any
other Person or against or in payment of any or all of the Obligations. To the extent that any payment
by or on behalf of the Borrower is made to the Administrative Agent or any Lender, or the Administrative
Agent or any Lender exercises its right of setoff, and such payment or the proceeds of such setoff or any part
thereof is subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside or required (including
pursuant to any settlement entered into by the Administrative Agent or such Lender in its discretion) to be
repaid to a trustee, receiver or any other party, in connection with any proceeding under any Debtor Relief
Law or otherwise, then (i) to the extent of such recovery, the obligation or part thereof originally intended
to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment had not been made
or such setoff had not occurred, and (ii) each Lender severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent
upon demand its applicable share (without duplication) of any amount so recovered from or repaid by the
Administrative Agent, plus interest thereon from the date of such demand to the date such payment is made
at a rate per annum equal to the Federal Funds Rate from time to time in effect. The obligations of the
Lenders under clause (ii) of the preceding sentence shall survive the payment in full of the Obligations and
the termination of this Agreement.
Section 10.06 Successors and Assigns.
(a) Successors and Assigns Generally. The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding
upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted
hereby, except that the Borrower may not assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations
hereunder (other than, for the avoidance of doubt, as provided in Section 7.03) without the prior written
consent of the Administrative Agent and each Lender and no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer any
of its rights or obligations hereunder except (i) to an assignee in accordance with the provisions of
subsection (b) of this Section, (ii) by way of participation in accordance with the provisions of
subsection (d) of this Section, or (iii) by way of pledge or assignment of a security interest subject to the
restrictions of subsection (f) of this Section (and any other attempted assignment or transfer by any party
hereto shall be null and void). Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to
confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted
hereby, Participants to the extent provided in subsection (d) of this Section and, to the extent expressly
contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders) any legal
or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement.
(b)Assignments by Lenders. Any Lender may at any time assign to one or more assignees
all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its
Commitment and the Loans at the time owing to it); provided that any such assignment shall be subject to
the following conditions: 

- 92 -
(i) Minimum Amounts.
(A) in the case of an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the
assigning Lender s Commitment and the Loans at the time owing to it or in the case of an
assignment to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund (to the extent such
Affiliate or Approved Fund is engaged in the making of revolving credit loans in the
ordinary course of business), no minimum amount need be assigned; and
(B) in any case not described in subsection (b)(i)(A) of this Section, the
aggregate amount of the Commitment (which for this purpose includes Loans outstanding
thereunder) or, if the Commitment is not then in effect, the principal outstanding balance
of the Loans of the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment, determined as of the
date the Assignment and Assumption with respect to such assignment is delivered to the
Administrative Agent or, if Trade Date is specified in the Assignment and Assumption,
as of the Trade Date, shall not be less than 5,000,000 or other than in 1,000,000
increments thereabove unless each of the Administrative Agent and, so long as no Event
of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Borrower otherwise consent (each such
consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed).
(ii)Proportionate Amounts. Each partial assignment shall be made as an
assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this
Agreement with respect to the Loans or the Commitment assigned;
(iii) Required Consents. No consent shall be required for any assignment except
to the extent required by subsection (b)(i)(B) and subsection (b)(v) of this Section and, in addition:
(A) the written consent of the Borrower (such consent not to be
unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) shall be required unless (1) an Event of
Default pursuant to Section 8.01(a) and/or 8.01(f) hereunder has occurred and is continuing
at the time of such assignment or (2) such assignment is to a Lender or an Affiliate or
Approved Fund of a Lender and notice thereof is provided to the Administrative Agent and
the Borrower, provided that the Borrower shall be deemed to have provided such consent
unless it shall object thereto by written notice to the Administrative Agent within ten
Business Days of receiving written request for its consent to such assignment; and
(B) the consent of the Administrative Agent (such consent not to be
unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) shall be required if such assignment is to
a Person that is not a Lender, an Affiliate of such Lender or an Approved Fund with respect
to such Lender.
(iv) Assignment and Assumption. The parties to each assignment shall execute
and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption, together with a processing
and recordation fee in the amount of 3,500; provided, however, that the Administrative Agent
may, in its sole discretion, elect to waive such processing and recordation fee in the case of any
assignment. The assignee, if it is not a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an
Administrative Questionnaire. Upon receipt of the Assignment and Assumption, the
Administrative Agent shall provide the Borrower with the information that such assignee is
required to provide pursuant to Sections 3.01(g)(vi) and 3.01(j).
(v)No Assignment to Certain Persons. 

- 93 -
(A) No such assignment shall be made (1) to the Borrower or any of the
Borrower respective Affiliates or Subsidiaries, (2) to any Defaulting Lender or any of their
respective subsidiaries, or any Person who, upon becoming a Lender hereunder, would
constitute any of the foregoing Persons described in this clause (B), (3) to a natural person
or (4) absent the written consent of the Borrower (which consent may be given or withheld
at the Borrower s sole discretion), to any Person that was an Ineligible Assignee as of the
applicable Trade Date. For the avoidance of doubt, with respect to any assignee that
becomes an Ineligible Assignee after the Trade Date applicable to its assignment (including
as a result of the delivery of a notice pursuant to, and/or the expiration of the notice period
referred to in, the proviso to the definition of Ineligible Assignee ), (i) such assignee shall
not retroactively be disqualified from having become a Lender pursuant to such assignment
and (ii) such assignee will become an Ineligible Assignee in accordance with the definition
thereof notwithstanding the consummation of such assignment and the execution by the
Borrower of an Assignment and Assumption with respect to such assignee.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, any assignment to an assignee that is or becomes an
Ineligible Assignee (including any assignment in violation of clause (b)(v)(A)(4)) shall not
be void, but the provisions of paragraph (f) below shall apply;
(B) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Loan Documents, the
Administrative Agent (solely in its capacity as such) shall not be responsible or have any
liability for, or have any duty to ascertain, inquire into, monitor or enforce, compliance by
the Lenders (other than the Administrative Agent in its capacity as a Lender) with the
provisions of this Agreement relating to Ineligible Assignees; provided that the
Administrative Agent shall provide appropriate cooperation to effect Section 10.06(f).
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Administrative Agent (solely in its
capacity as such) shall not (x) be obligated to ascertain, monitor or inquire as to whether
any Lender or prospective Lender is an Ineligible Assignee or (y) have any liability with
respect to or arising out of any assignment of Loans, or disclosure of confidential
information by the Lenders (other than the Administrative Agent in its capacity as a
Lender), to any Ineligible Assignee.
(vi) Certain Additional Payments. In connection with any assignment of rights
and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder, no such assignment will be effective unless
and until, in addition to the other conditions thereto set forth herein, the parties to the assignment
make such additional payments to the Administrative Agent in an aggregate amount sufficient,
upon distribution thereof as appropriate (which may be outright payment, purchases by the assignee
of participations or subparticipations, or other compensating actions, including funding, with the
written consent of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, the applicable pro-rata share of
Loans previously requested but not funded by the Defaulting Lender, to each of which the
applicable assignee and assignor hereby irrevocably consent), to (x) pay and satisfy in full all
payment liabilities then owed by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent and each
Lender hereunder (and interest accrued thereon), and (y) acquire (and fund as appropriate) its full
pro-rata share of all Loans in accordance with its Applicable Percentage. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, in the event that any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender
hereunder becomes effective under applicable Law without compliance with the provisions of this
paragraph, then the assignee of such interest will be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender for all
purposes of this Agreement until such compliance occurs.
Subject to acceptance and recording thereof by the Administrative Agent pursuant to subsection (c) of this
Section, from and after the effective date specified in each Assignment and Assumption, the assignee
thereunder shall be a party to this Agreement and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment 

- 94 -
and Assumption, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning
Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, be
released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Assumption
covering all of the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease
to be a party hereto) but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Sections 3.01, 3.04, 3.05, and 10.04
with respect to facts and circumstances occurring prior to the effective date of such assignment; provided,
that except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no assignment by a Defaulting
Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from that Lender s
having been a Defaulting Lender. Upon request, the Borrower (at their expense) shall execute and deliver
a Note to the assignee Lender.
(c) Register. The Administrative Agent, acting solely for this purpose as an agent of the
Borrower, shall maintain at the Administrative Agent s Office a copy of each Assignment and Assumption
delivered to it and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the
Commitments of, and principal amounts (and stated interest) of the Loans owing to, each Lender pursuant
to the terms hereof from time to time (the Register ). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive absent
manifest error, and the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall treat each Person whose
name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this
Agreement notwithstanding notice to the contrary. The Register shall be available for inspection by the
Borrower and any Lender, at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice.
(d)Participations. Any Lender may at any time, without the consent of, or notice to, the
Borrower or the Administrative Agent, sell participations to any Person (other than a natural person, a
Defaulting Lender or the Borrower or any of the Borrower s respective Affiliates or Subsidiaries) (each, a
 Participant in all or a portion of such Lender s rights and/or obligations under this Agreement (including
in each case all or a portion of its Commitment and/or the Loans owing to it); provided that (i) such Lender s
obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible
to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations and (iii) the Borrower, the Administrative
Agent and the Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such
Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt: each Lender shall be
responsible for the indemnity under Section 10.04(c) without regard to the existence of any participation.
Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall
provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any
amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement; provided that such agreement or
instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any
amendment, waiver or other modification described in clause (y) of the first proviso to Section 10.01 that
affects such Participant. The Borrower agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of
Sections 3.01, 3.04 and 3.05 as if it were a Lender (subject to the requirements and limitations therein,
including the requirements under Section 3.01 (it being understood that the documentation required under
Section 3.01(e) shall be delivered to the Lender who sells the participation)); provided that such Participant
(A) agrees to be subject to the provisions of Sections 3.06 and 10.13 as if it were a Lender and had acquired
its interest by assignment pursuant to subsection (b) of this Section 10.06 and (B) shall not be entitled to
receive any greater payment under Sections 3.01 or 3.04, with respect to any participation, than the Lender
from whom it acquired the applicable participation would have been entitled to receive, except to the extent
such entitlement to receive a greater payment results from a Change in Law that occurs after the Participant
acquired the applicable participation. Each Lender that sells a participation agrees, at the Borrower s
request and expense, to use reasonable efforts to cooperate with the Borrower to effectuate the provisions
of Section 3.06 and 10.13 with respect to any Participant. To the extent permitted by law, each Participant
also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 10.08 as though it were a Lender; provided that such
Participant agrees to be subject to Section 2.11 as though it were a Lender. Each Lender that sells a 

- 95 -
participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, maintain a
register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated
interest) of each Participant s interest in the Loans or other obligations under the Loan Documents (the
 Participant Register ); provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of
the Participant Register (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a
Participant s interest in any Commitment or Loan or any of its other obligations under any Loan Document)
to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such Commitment,
Loan, or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury
Regulations. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such
Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such
participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. For the
avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative Agent) shall have no
responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register.
(e) Certain Pledges. Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all
or any portion of its rights under this Agreement (including under its Note, if any) to secure obligations of
such Lender to a Federal Reserve Bank; provided that no such pledge or assignment shall release such
Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as
a party hereto.
(f) Certain Provisions Pertinent to Ineligible Assignees. If any assignment is made to any
Ineligible Assignee or any Affiliate of an Ineligible Assignee without the Borrower s prior consent in
violation of paragraph (b)(v)(D) above, or if any Lender becomes an Ineligible Assignee or is an Affiliate
of an Ineligible Assignee after the Trade Date of the applicable assignment to such Lender, the Borrower
may, at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to the applicable Ineligible Assignee or such Affiliate and
the Administrative Agent, (A) terminate the Commitment of such Ineligible Assignee or such Affiliate and
repay all obligations of the Borrower owing to such Ineligible Assignee of such Affiliate in connection with
such Commitment and/or (B) require such Ineligible Assignee or such Affiliate to assign and delegate,
without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in this Section 10.06), all of
its interest, rights and obligations under this Agreement and related Loan Documents to an Eligible
Assignee that shall assume such obligations at a purchase price equal to the lesser of (x) the principal
amount thereof and (y) the amount that such Ineligible Assignee or such Affiliate paid to acquire such
interests, rights and obligations, in each case plus accrued interest, accrued fees and all other amounts (other
than principal amounts) payable to such Ineligible Assignee or such Affiliate hereunder and under the other
Loan Documents without premium, penalty, prepayment fee, breakage; provided that (i) the Borrower shall
have paid to the Administrative Agent the assignment fee (if any) specified in 10.06(b) and (ii) such
assignment does not conflict with applicable Laws.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, (i) Ineligible
Assignees or any Affiliate of any Ineligible Assignee that are Lenders will not (A) have any inspection
rights or the right to receive information, reports or other materials provided to Lenders by the Borrower,
the Administrative Agent or any other Lender, (B) attend or participate in meetings attended by the Lenders
and the Administrative Agent or (C) access any electronic site established for the Lenders or confidential
communications from counsel to or financial advisors of the Administrative Agent or the Lenders and
(ii)(A) for purposes of any consent to any amendment, waiver or modification of, or any action under, and
for the purpose of any direction to the Administrative Agent or any Lender to undertake any action (or
refrain from taking any action) under this Agreement or any other Loan Document, each Ineligible Assignee
or such Affiliate will be deemed to have consented in the same proportion as the Lenders that are not
Ineligible Assignees consented to such matter, and (B) for purposes of voting on any plan of reorganization
or plan of liquidation pursuant to any Debtor Relief Laws Plan of Reorganization ), each Ineligible
Assignee or such Affiliate hereby agrees (1) not to vote on such Plan of Reorganization, (2) if such 

- 96 -
Ineligible Assignee or such Affiliate does vote on such Plan of Reorganization notwithstanding the
restriction in the foregoing clause (1), such vote will be deemed not to be in good faith and shall be
 designated pursuant to Section 1126(e) of the Bankruptcy Code (or any similar provision in any other
Debtor Relief Laws), and such vote shall not be counted in determining whether the applicable class has
accepted or rejected such Plan of Reorganization in accordance with Section 1126(c) of the Bankruptcy
Code (or any similar provision in any other Debtor Relief Laws) and (3) not to contest any request by any
party for a determination by the Bankruptcy Court (or other applicable court of competent jurisdiction)
effectuating the foregoing clause (2).
The Administrative Agent shall have the right, and the Borrower hereby expressly
authorize the Administrative Agent, (i) to provide the list of Ineligible Assignees provided by the Borrower
and any updates thereto from time to time (collectively, the Ineligible Institution List to any Lender
requesting the same and (ii) post a notice that an update to the Ineligible Institution List has occurred;
provided that the Ineligible Institution List or the content of any update thereto shall not be posted to the
Platform or otherwise made generally available to Lenders.
Section 10.07 Treatment of Certain Information; Confidentiality. Each of the Administrative
Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Lenders agrees to maintain the confidentiality of the Information (as
defined below), except that Information may be disclosed (i) to its Affiliates and to its and its Affiliates 
respective managers, administrators, trustees, partners, directors, officers, employees, agents, advisors and
other representatives (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed
of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential), (ii) to
the extent requested by any governmental or regulatory agency or authority purporting to have jurisdiction
over it (including any self-regulatory authority, such as the National Association of Insurance
Commissioners), in which case it agrees to inform the Borrower promptly thereof prior to disclosure to the
extent practicable and not prohibited by law, rule or regulation (except with respect to any audit or
examination conducted by bank accountants or any governmental agency, securities or bank regulatory
authority exercising examination or regulatory authority) and provided that it shall use commercially
reasonable efforts to ensure that any such information so disclosed is accorded confidential treatment, (iii)
to the extent required by applicable laws or regulations or by any subpoena or similar legal process, in which
case it agrees to inform the Borrower promptly thereof prior to disclosure to the extent practicable and not
prohibited by law, rule or regulation (except with respect to any audit or examination conducted by bank
accountants or any governmental agency, securities or bank regulatory authority exercising examination or
regulatory authority) and provided that it shall use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that any such
information so disclosed is accorded confidential treatment, (iv) to any other party hereto, (v) in connection
with the exercise of any remedies hereunder or under any other Loan Document or any action or proceeding
relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder
(provided that it shall use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that any such information so disclosed
is accorded confidential treatment), (vi) subject to an agreement containing provisions substantially the same
(or at least as restrictive) as those of this Section, to (A) any assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective
assignee of or Participant in, any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement, (B) any actual or
prospective counterparty (or its managers, administrators, trustees, partners, directors, officers, employees,
agents, advisors and other representatives) to any swap, or derivative or other similar transaction under which
payments are to be made by reference or to any credit insurance provider in each case relating to the
Borrower and its obligations, this Agreement or payments hereunder, (C) any rating agency, or (D) the
CUSIP Service Bureau or any similar organization, (vii) with the written consent of the Borrower or (viii)
to the extent such Information (x) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section
or (y) becomes available to the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or any Lender or any of their
respective Affiliates on a nonconfidential basis from a source other than the Borrower. In addition, the
Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Lenders may disclose the existence of this Agreement
and the terms of the credit facility provided for under this Agreement of the type customarily provided to 

- 97 -
market data collectors, similar service providers to the lending industry and service providers to the
Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or any Lender in connection with the administration of this
Agreement, the other Loan Documents, and the Commitments, in each case, subject to confidentiality
agreements consistent with this Section 10.07. For purposes of this Section, Information means all
information delivered by or on behalf of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries relating to the Borrower or
any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective businesses, including the identity of Ineligible Assignees.
Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section shall be
considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of
care to maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such Person would accord to its own confidential
information.
Each of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Lenders acknowledges that
(i) the Information may include material non-public information concerning the Borrower or a Subsidiary,
as the case may be, (ii) it has developed compliance procedures regarding the use of material non-public
information and (iii) it will handle such material non-public information in accordance with applicable Law,
including United States Federal and state securities Laws.
Section 10.08 Right of Setoff. If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing,
each Lender and each of its Affiliates is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time with the prior
written consent of the Administrative Agent, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, to set off and
apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final, in whatever currency) at
any time held and other obligations (in whatever currency) at any time owing by such Lender or any such
Affiliate to or for the credit or the account of any Loan Party, excluding any custodial, trust or special reserve
accounts, against any and all of the obligations of the Borrower, now or hereafter existing under this
Agreement or any other Loan Document to such Lender or its Affiliates, irrespective of whether or not such
Lender or Affiliate shall have made any demand under this Agreement or any other Loan Document and
although such obligations of any Loan Party may be contingent or unmatured or are owed to a branch, office
or Affiliate of such Lender different from the branch, office or Affiliate holding such deposit or obligated
on such indebtedness; provided that in the event that any Defaulting Lender exercises any such right of
setoff, (x) all amounts so set off will be paid over immediately to the Administrative Agent for further
application in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.12(a) and, pending such payment, will be
segregated by such Defaulting Lender from its other funds and deemed held in trust for the benefit of the
Administrative Agent and the Lenders and (y) the Defaulting Lender will provide promptly to the
Administrative Agent a statement describing in reasonable detail the Obligations owing to such Defaulting
Lender as to which it exercised such right of setoff. The rights of each Lender and its Affiliates under this
Section are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff) that such Lender or its
Affiliates may have. Each Lender agrees to notify any relevant Loan Party and the Administrative Agent
promptly after any such setoff and application, provided that the failure to give such notice shall not affect
the validity of such setoff and application.
Section 10.09 Interest Rate Limitation. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in
any Loan Document, the interest paid or agreed to be paid under the Loan Documents shall not exceed the
maximum rate of non-usurious interest permitted by applicable Law (the Maximum Rate ). If the
Administrative Agent or any Lender shall receive interest in an amount that exceeds the Maximum Rate, the
excess interest shall be applied to the principal of the Loans or, if it exceeds such unpaid principal, refunded
to the Borrower. In determining whether the interest contracted for, charged, or received by the
Administrative Agent or a Lender exceeds the Maximum Rate, such Person may, to the extent permitted by
applicable Law, (i) characterize any payment that is not principal as an expense, fee, or premium rather than
interest, (ii) exclude voluntary prepayments and the effects thereof, and (iii) amortize, prorate, allocate, and
spread in equal or unequal parts the total amount of interest throughout the contemplated term of the
Obligations hereunder. 

- 98 -
Section 10.10 Counterparts; Integration. This Agreement and the other Loan Documents may
be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto in different counterparts), each of which shall
constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. Delivery of an
executed counterpart of a signature page of this Agreement by telecopy or other electronic imaging means
(e.g. pdf or tif shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement. This
Agreement and the other Loan Documents constitute the entire contract among the parties relating to the
subject matter hereof and supersede any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written,
relating to the subject matter hereof. The words execution, execute, signed, signature, and words
of like import in or related to this Agreement, the other Loan Documents and the transactions contemplated
hereby and thereby shall be deemed to include electronic signatures, the electronic matching of assignment
terms and contract formations on electronic platforms approved by the Administrative Agent, or the keeping
of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a
manually executed signature or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the
extent and as provided for in any applicable requirements of Law, including the Federal Electronic
Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records
Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act.
Section 10.11 Survival of Representations and Warranties. All representations and warranties
made hereunder and in any other Loan Document or other document delivered pursuant hereto or thereto or
in connection herewith or therewith shall survive the execution and delivery hereof and thereof. Such
representations and warranties have been or will be relied upon by the Administrative Agent, the Collateral
Agent and each Lender, regardless of any investigation made by the Administrative Agent, the Collateral
Agent or any Lender or on their behalf and notwithstanding that the Administrative Agent, the Collateral
Agent or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of any Default at the time of any Borrowing, and
shall continue in full force and effect as long as any Loan or any other Obligation hereunder shall remain
unpaid or unsatisfied.
Section 10.12 Severability. If any provision of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents is
held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, (i) the legality, validity and enforceability of the remaining
provisions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall not be affected or impaired thereby and
(ii) the parties shall endeavor in good faith negotiations to replace the illegal, invalid or unenforceable
provisions with valid provisions, the economic effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the
illegal, invalid or unenforceable provisions. The invalidity of a provision in a particular jurisdiction shall
not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. Without limiting the
foregoing provisions of this Section 10.12, if and to the extent that the enforceability of any provisions in
this Agreement relating to Defaulting Lenders shall be limited by Debtor Relief Laws, as determined in good
faith by the Administrative Agent, then such provisions shall be deemed to be in effect only to the extent not
so limited.
Section 10.13 Replacement of Lenders. If the Borrower is entitled to replace a Lender pursuant
to the provisions of Section 3.06 or if any Lender is a Defaulting Lender or Non-Consenting Lender, then
the Borrower may, at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to such Lender and the Administrative Agent,
require such Lender to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the
restrictions contained in, and consents required by, Section 10.06), all of its interests, rights (other than its
existing rights to payments pursuant to Sections 3.01 and 3.04) and obligations under this Agreement and
the related Loan Documents to an Eligible Assignee that shall assume such obligations (which assignee may
be another Lender, if a Lender accepts such assignment), provided that:
(i) the Borrower shall have paid to the Administrative Agent the assignment fee
specified in Section 10.06(b); 

- 99 -
(ii)such Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding
principal of its Loans, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it
hereunder and under the other Loan Documents (including any amounts under Section 3.05) from
the assignee (to the extent of such outstanding principal and accrued interest and fees) or the
Borrower (in the case of all other amounts);
(iii) in the case of any such assignment resulting from a claim for compensation
under Section 3.04 or payments required to be made pursuant to Section 3.01, such assignment will
result in a reduction to nil in such compensation or payments thereafter;
(iv) such assignment does not conflict with applicable Laws; and
(v) in the case of an assignment resulting from a Lender becoming a Non-Consenting Lender, the applicable assignee shall have consented to the applicable amendment,
waiver or consent.
Other than in the case of any Lender that is or was a Defaulting Lender, a Lender shall not
be required to make any such assignment or delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such
Lender or otherwise, the circumstances entitling the Borrower to require such assignment and delegation
cease to apply.
Section 10.14 Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Etc.
(a) GOVERNING LAW. THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS
AND ANY CLAIMS, CONTROVERSY, DISPUTE OR CAUSE OF ACTION (WHETHER IN
CONTRACT OR TORT OR OTHERWISE) BASED UPON, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO
THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT (EXCEPT, AS TO ANY OTHER LOAN
DOCUMENT, AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH THEREIN) AND THE TRANSACTIONS
CONTEMPLATED HEREBY AND THEREBY SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN
ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.
(b) SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION. (i) EACH OF THE BORROWER AND ITS
SUBSIDIARIES IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY AGREE THAT IT WILL NOT
COMMENCE ANY ACTION, LITIGATION OR PROCEEDING OF ANY KIND OR DESCRIPTION,
WHETHER IN LAW OR EQUITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR IN TORT OR OTHERWISE,
AGAINST THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, THE COLLATERAL AGENT, ANY LENDER OR ANY
RELATED PARTY OF THE FOREGOING IN ANY WAY RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR
ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS RELATING HERETO OR THERETO,
IN ANY FORUM OTHER THAN THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SITTING IN NEW
YORK COUNTY AND OF THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT OF THE SOUTHERN
DISTRICT OF NEW YORK, AND ANY APPELLATE COURT FROM ANY THEREOF, AND EACH
OF THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, THE COLLATERAL AGENT AND THE LENDERS
IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY SUBMITS TO THE JURISDICTION OF SUCH
COURTS AND AGREES THAT ALL CLAIMS IN RESPECT OF ANY SUCH ACTION, LITIGATION
OR PROCEEDING MAY BE HEARD AND DETERMINED IN SUCH COURTS. (ii) EACH OF THE
ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, THE COLLATERAL AGENT AND THE LENDERS IRREVOCABLY
AND UNCONDITIONALLY AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT COMMENCE ANY ACTION,
LITIGATION OR PROCEEDING OF ANY KIND OR DESCRIPTION, WHETHER IN LAW OR
EQUITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR IN TORT OR OTHERWISE, AGAINST THE BORROWER
OR ANY RELATED PARTY IN ANY WAY RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER
LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS RELATING HERETO OR THERETO, IN ANY 

- 100 -
FORUM OTHER THAN (x) THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SITTING IN NEW YORK
COUNTY AND OF THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT OF THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF
NEW YORK, AND ANY APPELLATE COURT FROM ANY THEREOF OR (y) THE COURTS OF
THE JURISDICTION OF INCORPORATION OR FORMATION OF THE APPLICABLE BORROWER
AND ANY APPELLATE COURT FROM ANY THEREOF, AND THE BORROWER IRREVOCABLY
AND UNCONDITIONALLY SUBMITS TO THE JURISDICTION OF SUCH COURTS AND AGREES
THAT ALL CLAIMS IN RESPECT OF ANY SUCH ACTION, LITIGATION OR PROCEEDING MAY
BE HEARD AND DETERMINED IN SUCH COURTS. (iii) EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO
AGREES THAT A FINAL JUDGMENT IN ANY ACTION, LITIGATION OR PROCEEDING
REFERRED TO IN THIS PARAGRAPH (b) SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND MAY BE ENFORCED
IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS BY SUIT ON THE JUDGMENT OR IN ANY OTHER MANNER
PROVIDED BY LAW.
(c) WAIVER OF VENUE. (i) EACH OF THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, THE
COLLATERAL AGENT AND THE LENDERS IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY
WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY OBJECTION
THAT IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OF ANY ACTION OR
PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN
DOCUMENT IN ANY COURT REFERRED TO IN PARAGRAPH (b)(i) OF THIS SECTION. EACH
OF THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, THE COLLATERAL AGENT AND THE LENDERS HEREBY
IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE
DEFENSE OF AN INCONVENIENT FORUM TO THE MAINTENANCE OF SUCH ACTION OR
PROCEEDING IN ANY SUCH COURT. (ii) EACH OF THE BORROWER AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES
IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED
BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY OBJECTION THAT IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE
LAYING OF VENUE OF ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO
THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT IN ANY COURT REFERRED TO IN
PARAGRAPH (b)(ii) OF THIS SECTION. THE BORROWER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES,
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE DEFENSE OF AN
INCONVENIENT FORUM TO THE MAINTENANCE OF SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING IN ANY
SUCH COURT.
(d) SERVICE OF PROCESS. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO IRREVOCABLY
CONSENTS TO SERVICE OF PROCESS IN THE MANNER PROVIDED FOR NOTICES IN SECTION
10.02. NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT WILL AFFECT THE RIGHT OF ANY PARTY HERETO
TO SERVE PROCESS IN ANY OTHER MANNER PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.
Section 10.15 Waiver of Jury Trial. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY
IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY
RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR
INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN
DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY (WHETHER
BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (A)
CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PERSON HAS
REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PERSON WOULD NOT, IN
THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B)
ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO
ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS BY, AMONG OTHER
THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION. 

- 101 -
Section 10.16 No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility. In connection with all aspects of each
transaction contemplated hereby (including in connection with any amendment, waiver or other modification
hereof or of any other Loan Document), the Borrower acknowledges and agrees, and acknowledges its
Affiliates understanding, that: (i)(A) the arranging and other services regarding this Agreement provided
by the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Arranger and the Lenders, are arm s-length
commercial transactions between the Borrower and its Affiliates, on the one hand, and the Administrative
Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Arranger and the Lenders, on the other hand, (B) the Borrower has consulted
its own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent they have deemed appropriate, and (C)
the Borrower is capable of evaluating, and understand and accept, the terms, risks and conditions of the
transactions contemplated hereby and by the other Loan Documents; (ii)(A) the Administrative Agent, the
Collateral Agent, each of the Arranger and each of the Lenders each is and has been acting solely as a
principal and, except as expressly agreed in writing by the relevant parties, has not been, is not, and will not
be acting as an advisor, agent or fiduciary for the Borrower or any of its Affiliates, or any other Person and
(B) none of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, any Arranger nor any Lender has any obligation
to the Borrower or any of its Affiliates with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby except those
obligations expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents; and (iii) the Administrative Agent,
the Collateral Agent, the Arranger and the Lenders and their respective Affiliates may be engaged in a broad
range of transactions that involve interests that differ from those of the Borrower and its Affiliates, and none
of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, any Arranger nor any Lender has any obligation to
disclose any of such interests to the Borrower or its Affiliates. To the fullest extent permitted by law, the
Borrower hereby waives and releases any claims that they may have against the Administrative Agent, the
Collateral Agent, the Arranger and the Lenders with respect to any breach or alleged breach of agency or
fiduciary duty in connection with any aspect of any transaction contemplated hereby.
Section 10.17 Electronic Execution of Assignments and Certain Other Documents. The
words execution, signed, signature, and words of like import in any Assignment and Assumption or
in any amendment or other modification hereof (including waivers and consents) shall be deemed to include
electronic signatures, the electronic matching of assignment terms and contract formations on electronic
platforms approved by the Administrative Agent or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which
shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a
paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable
Law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State
Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic
Transactions Act.
Section 10.18 USA PATRIOT Act. Each Lender that is subject to the Act (as hereinafter
defined) and the Administrative Agent (for itself and not on behalf of any Lender) hereby notifies the
Borrower that pursuant to the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed
into law October 26, 2001)) (the Act ), it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies
the Borrower, which information includes the name and address of the Borrower and other information that
will allow such Lender or the Administrative Agent, as applicable, to identify the Borrower in accordance
with the Act. The Borrower shall, promptly following a request by the Administrative Agent or any Lender,
provide all documentation and other information that the Administrative Agent or such Lender requests in
order to comply with its ongoing obligations under applicable know your customer and anti-money
laundering rules and regulations, including the Act.
Section 10.19 Judgment Currency.
(a) The obligations of the Borrower hereunder and under the other Loan Documents to
make payments in a specified currency (the Obligation Currency shall not be discharged or satisfied by
any tender or recovery pursuant to any judgment expressed in or converted into any currency other than the 

- 102 -
Obligation Currency, except to the extent that such tender or recovery results in the effective receipt by the
Administrative Agent or a Lender of the full amount of the Obligation Currency expressed to be payable to
it under this Agreement or another Loan Document. If, for the purpose of obtaining or enforcing judgment
against the Borrower in any court or in any jurisdiction, it becomes necessary to convert into or from any
currency other than the Obligation Currency (such other currency being hereinafter referred to as the
 Judgment Currency an amount due in the Obligation Currency, the conversion shall be made, at the rate
of exchange (as quoted by the Administrative Agent or if the Administrative Agent does not quote a rate of
exchange on such currency, by a known dealer in such currency designated by the Administrative Agent)
determined, in each case, as of the Business Day immediately preceding the date on which the judgment is
given (such Business Day being hereinafter referred to as the Judgment Currency Conversion Date ).
(b) If there is a change in the rate of exchange prevailing between the Judgment Currency
Conversion Date and the date of actual payment of the amount due, the Borrower covenants and agrees to
pay, or cause to be paid, or remit, or cause to be remitted, such additional amounts, if any (but in any event
not a lesser amount), as may be necessary to ensure that the amount paid in the Judgment Currency, when
converted at the rate of exchange prevailing on the date of payment, will produce the amount of the
Obligation Currency which could have been purchased with the amount of Judgment Currency stipulated
in the judgment or judicial award at the rate of exchange prevailing on the Judgment Currency Conversion
Date.
(c) For purposes of determining any rate of exchange or currency equivalent for this
Section 10.19, such amounts shall include any premium and costs payable in connection with the purchase
of the Obligation Currency.
Section 10.20 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In. Solely to the extent any party hereto
is an Affected Financial Institution and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or
in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto
acknowledges that any liability of any Affected Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document, to
the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the
applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by:
(a) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable
Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder that may be payable to it by any party hereto
that is an Affected Financial Institution;
(b) the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable:
(i) a reduction, in full or in part, or cancellation of any such liability;
(ii)a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments
of ownership in such Affected Financial Institution, its parent undertaking, or a bridge institution
that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of
ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this
Agreement or any other Loan Document; or
(iii) the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of
the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority.
Section 10.21 Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs. Prior to the date of this
Agreement, the parties hereto have adhered to the ISDA 2018 U.S. Resolution Stay Protocol, as published
by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. as of July 31, 2018 (the ISDA U.S. QFC 

- 103 -
Protocol ). Accordingly, the terms of the ISDA U.S. QFC Protocol shall be incorporated into and form a
part of this Agreement and/or the Guaranty to the extent this Agreement and/or the Guaranty constitutes a
 Qualified Financial Contract (as defined in the ISDA U.S. QFC Protocol). For purposes of incorporating
the ISDA U.S. QFC Protocol, each party shall be deemed to have the same status as a Regulated Entity 
and/or Adhering Party (as such terms are defined therein) applicable to it under the ISDA U.S. QFC
Protocol and this Agreement and/or the Guaranty shall be deemed to be a Protocol Covered Agreement 
(as defined therein) to the extent such Agreement or Guaranty constitutes a Qualified Financial Contract.
[Signature pages follow] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly
executed as of the date first above written.
MIDWEST HOLDING INC.
[Signature Page to Credit Agreement]
By:
Name: Mike Minnich
Title: President
DocuSign Envelope ID: FB35D99D-2717-4332-B031-59E41228A1AF 

[Signature Page to Credit Agreement]
ROYAL BANK OF CANADA, as Lender
By:
Name: Tim Stephens
Title: Authorized Signatory
ROYAL BANK OF CANADA, as Administrative Agent
and Collateral Agent
By:
Name:
Title: 

SCHEDULE 2.01
Commitments and Applicable Percentages
Lender Commitment Applicable Percentage
Royal Bank of Canada 30,000,000 100 
Total: 30,000,000 100 

SCHEDULE 5.10
Subsidiaries; Capitalization
NO. ISSUER
OWNER
(100 UNLESS
OTHERWISE
NOTED)
JURISDICT
ION OF
ORGANIZ
ATION OF
ISSUER
# OF
SHARES
AUTHORIZ
E D
TOTAL SHARES
OUTSTANDING
1.
American
Life 
Security
Corp.
Midwest Holding
Inc. NE 10,000 10,000 Shares of Common
Stock
2. 1505 Capital
LLC
Midwest Holding
Inc. DE N/A 1000 Class A Units
3. Midwest
Capital Corp.
Midwest Holding
Inc. DE 5,000 2,182 Shares of Common
Stock
4.
Seneca
Reinsurance
Company,
LLC
Midwest Holding
Inc. VT N/A 250 Membership Units
5.
Seneca
Incorporated Cell,
LLC 2020-01
(SRC1)
Midwest Holding
Inc.
(100 Class A
Voting; 29.91 
Class B Non-voting)
VT N/A 1,000 Class A Units
21,400,000 Class B Units
6.
Seneca
Incorporated
Cell, LLC
2021-03
(SRC3)
Midwest Capital
Corp. VT N/A 1,000 Class A Units
5,000,000 Class B Units
7.
Seneca
Incorporated Cell,
LLC 2022-04
(SRC4)
Midwest Holding
Inc.
(100 Class A
Voting; 0 Class
B Non-voting)
VT N/A 1,000 Class A Units
21,946,906 Class B Units 

SCHEDULE 7.01
Existing Debt
1. 375,000 Promissory Note issued by Midwest Holding Inc. on July 8, 2019, to American
Life Security Corp.
2. 125,000 Promissory Note issued by Midwest Holding Inc. on May 15, 2019, to
American Life Security Corp. 

SCHEDULE 7.02
Existing Liens
1. None. 

SCHEDULE 10.02
Administrative Agent s Office; Certain Addresses for Notices
..
Royal Bank of Canada, as Administrative Agent:
155 Wellington Street W.
Toronto, ON M5V 3k7 8th Floor
Attn: Casey Clark (casey.clark@rbccm.com)
with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:
Fried, Frank, Harris, Shriver Jacobson LLP
One New York Plaza
New York, NY 10004
Attn: Daniel Bursky (daniel.bursky@friedfrank.com)
 Ezra Schneck (ezra.schneck@friedfrank.com)
Midwest Holding Inc., as the Borrower:
1. Borrower Website: https://www.midwestholding.com
2. Borrower Address: 2900 South 70th Street
Suite 400
Lincoln, Nebraska 68506
Attn: Mike Minnich (mm@midwestholding.com)
John Dantzler-Wolfe (jdw@midwestholding.com) 

EXHIBIT A
Form of Loan Notice
[DATE]
1
Royal Bank of Canada, as Administrative Agent
for the Lenders party to the Credit Agreement
referred to below
155 Wellington Street W.
Toronto, ON M5V 3k7 8th Floor
Ladies and Gentlemen:
Reference is made to that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of November 22, 2022 (the
 Credit Agreement ), among MIDWEST HOLDING INC., a Delaware corporation (the Borrower ), the
Lenders, and ROYAL BANK OF CANADA, as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent. Capitalized
terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Credit Agreement.
The undersigned hereby requests (select one):
A Borrowing of Loans.
A conversion of Loans from one Type to the other.
A continuation of Loans.
1. On __________________ (a Business Day).
2. In the amount of ________________.
3. [Comprised of _______________________ (Type of Loan requested).] [________
(Type of Loan to be converted) to be converted into ___________ (Type of Loan requested).]
4. [For Term Benchmark Loans: with an Interest Period of [1][3][6] months.]2
[The Borrower hereby represents and warrants that the conditions specified in Sections
4.02(a) and (b) of the Credit Agreement shall be satisfied on and as of the date of the applicable
Borrowing.]3
1 To be delivered no later than 11:00 a.m. (a) on the date that is one (1) Business Day prior to the requested date of
any Borrowing in the case of Base Rate Loans and (b) on the date that is three (3) Business Days prior to the requested
date of any Borrowing in the case of Term Benchmark Loans.
2
 Delete if Loan Notice is being delivered in connection with a conversion to Base Rate.
3
 Include only in notices of Borrowings.
A-1
Form of Loan Notice 

A-2
Form of Loan Notice
MIDWEST HOLDING INC.,
as Borrower
By:
Name:
Title: 

EXHIBIT B
Form of Note
[DATE]
FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned (the Borrower ), hereby promises to pay to
[LENDER NAME] or its registered assigns (the Lender ), in accordance with the provisions of the Credit
Agreement (as hereinafter defined), the principal amount of the Loans (as defined in the Credit Agreement)
from time to time made by the Lender to the Borrower under that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of
November 22, 2022 (the Credit Agreement ), among the Borrower, the Lenders, and ROYAL BANK OF
CANADA, as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein
shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Credit Agreement.
The Borrower promises to pay interest on the unpaid principal amount of the Loans made
to it by the Lender from the date of such Loans until such principal amount is paid in full, at such interest
rates and at such times as provided in the Credit Agreement. All payments of principal and interest shall
be made to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lender in Dollars in immediately available
funds at the Administrative Agent s Office. If any amount is not paid in full when due hereunder, such
unpaid amount shall bear interest from the due date thereof until the date of actual payment (and before as
well as after judgment) computed at the applicable per annum rate set forth in the Credit Agreement.
This Note is one of the Notes referred to in the Credit Agreement, is entitled to the benefits
thereof and may be prepaid in whole or in part subject to the terms and conditions provided therein. This
Note is also entitled to the benefits of the Guaranty and the Security Agreement. Upon the occurrence and
during the continuation of one or more of the Events of Default, all amounts then remaining unpaid on this
Note may be declared to be, or shall become, immediately due and payable all as provided in the Credit
Agreement. Loans made by the Lender shall be evidenced by one or more loan accounts or records
maintained by the Lender in the ordinary course of business. The Lender may also attach schedules to this
Note and endorse thereon the date, amount and maturity of its Loans and payments with respect thereto. In
the event of any conflict between the loan accounts, records or schedules maintained by the Lender and the
entries in the Register, the entries in the Register shall prevail.
The Borrower, for itself and its successors and assigns, hereby waives diligence,
presentment, protest and demand and notice of protest, demand, dishonor and non-payment of this Note.
THIS NOTE SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE
WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.
[signature page follows]
B-1
Form of Note 

B-2
Form of Note
MIDWEST HOLDING INC.,
as Borrower
By:
Name:
Title: 

B-3
Form of Note
LOANS AND PAYMENTS WITH RESPECT THERETO
Date Type of Loan
Amount of
Loan
End of Interest
Period
(If Applicable)
Amount of
Principal
or Interest Paid
this Date
Outstanding
Principal
Balance
This Date
Notation
Made By 

EXHIBIT C
Form of Compliance Certificate
Compliance Certificate Delivery Date: __________, ____
Financial Statement Date: __________, ____
Royal Bank of Canada, as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent
for the Lenders party to the Credit Agreement
referred to below
155 Wellington Street W.
Toronto, ON M5V 3k7 8th Floor
Ladies and Gentlemen:
Reference is made to that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of November 22, 2022 (the
 Credit Agreement ), among MIDWEST HOLDING INC., a Delaware corporation (the Borrower ), the
Lenders, and ROYAL BANK OF CANADA, as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent. Capitalized
terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Credit Agreement.
The undersigned hereby certifies in his or her capacity as a Responsible Officer of the
Borrower, and not in an individual capacity, that, as such, he or she is authorized to execute and deliver this
Compliance Certificate to the Administrative Agent on the behalf of the Borrower, and that:
[Use following paragraph 1 for fiscal year-end financial statements]
1. [Attached hereto as Schedule 1 are the year-end audited financial statements
required by Section 6.01(i) of the Credit Agreement for the fiscal year of the Borrower and its
subsidiaries ended as of the above date, together with the report and opinion of its independent
certified public accountants required by Section 6.01(i) of the Credit Agreement.
1] [The year-end
audited financial statements required by Section 6.01(i) of the Credit Agreement for the fiscal year of
the Borrower and its subsidiaries ended as of the above date, together with the report and opinion of
its independent certified public accountants required by Section 6.01(i) of the Credit Agreement were
posted [on the Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis and Retrieval system (EDGAR)] [on the
Borrower s behalf on an Internet or intranet website, if any, to which each Lender and the
Administrative Agent have access] [posted (or a link thereto is provided) on the Borrower s website
at ________].]2
[Use following paragraph 1 for interim financial statements]
1. [Attached hereto as Schedule 1 are the unaudited financial statements
required by Section 6.01(ii) of the Credit Agreement for the fiscal quarter of the Borrower and its
Subsidiaries ended as of the above date.] [The unaudited financial statements required by Section
6.01(ii) of the Credit Agreement for the fiscal quarter of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries ended as
1 Such report and opinion shall not be subject to any going concern or like qualification or exception or any
qualification or exception as to the scope of such audit, to the effect that such consolidated financial statements present
fairly in all material respect the financial position, results of operations and cash flows of the Borrower and its
subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP.
2
 Select appropriate delivery method.
C-1
Form of Compliance Certificate 

C-2
Form of Compliance Certificate
of the above date, were posted [on the Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis and Retrieval system
(EDGAR)] [on the Borrower s behalf on an Internet or intranet website, if any, to which each Lender
and the Administrative Agent have access] [posted (or a link thereto is provided) on the Borrower s
website at ________].]
3 Such financial statements fairly present in all material respects the financial
position, results of operations and, if applicable, cash flows of the Borrower and its subsidiaries on a
consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP consistently applied as of such date and for such period, subject
only to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes.
2. The undersigned has reviewed and is familiar with the terms of the Credit
Agreement and has made, or has caused to be made under his/her supervision, a detailed review of the
transactions and condition (financial or otherwise) of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries during the accounting
period covered by the attached financial statements.
3. A review of the activities of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries during such fiscal
period has been made under the supervision of the undersigned with a view to determining whether a Default
or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, and
[select one:]
[to the knowledge of the undersigned, no Default or Event of Default is continuing.]
--or--
[the following is a list of each such Default or Event of Default that is continuing and its
nature and status:]
4. The financial covenant analyses and information set forth on Schedule 2 as of the
date referred to therein attached hereto are true and accurate on and as of the date of this Certificate.
5. [Attached hereto as Annex [A] is all information required by [Section 4.2] of the
Security Agreement.]4
6. [Attached hereto as Annex [B] is a list of all new Pledged Certificated Equity
Interest and Pledged Debt Instruments required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant to
[Section 4.3] of the Security Agreement.]5
7. [Attached hereto as Annex [C] a list of all new U.S. Patent registrations and
applications, U.S. Trademark registrations and applications, and U.S. Copyright applications (and exclusive
Copyright licenses and registrations), in each case as required by [Section 4.5(b)] of the Security
Agreement.]6

3 Select appropriate delivery method.
4 To be included if any Grantor shall change (a) its jurisdiction of organization or its location (within the meaning of
Section 9-307 of the UCC) or (b) its legal name or organizational identification number, if any, or corporation, limited
liability company, partnership or other organizational structure during the fiscal quarter that this Certificate relates to.
5 To be included if any Pledged Certificated Equity Interest and Pledged Debt Instruments are acquired by a Grantor
after the Effective Date during the fiscal quarter that this Certificate relates to.
6 To be included if any such Intellectual Property registrations and applications that are not Excluded Assets are
acquired during the fiscal quarter that this Certificate relates to. 

C-3
Form of Compliance Certificate
8. [Attached hereto as Annex [D] is a list of all new commercial tort claims with a
value reasonably expected to exceed 1,000,000 and a reasonably detailed description thereof.]7
9. [Attached hereto as Annex [E] is a list of all new additional guarantors/grantors
required to be joined under Section 6.12(a) of the Credit Agreement.]8
10. [Attached hereto as Annex [F] is a list of all new real property requiring a Mortgage
under Section 6.12(b) of the Credit Agreement.]9
11. [Attached hereto as Annex [G] is a list of all Subsidiaries formed or acquired
during the fiscal year covered by the fiscal year that this Certificate relates to.]
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Certificate as of the date first
written above.
MIDWEST HOLDING INC.,
as Borrower
By: _____________________________
Name:
Title:

7 To be included if any Grantor obtains knowledge of the acquisition or existence of any interest in any commercial
tort claim in excess of 1,000,000 during the fiscal quarter that this Certificate relates to.
8 To be included if any Person becomes a wholly-owned Subsidiary of the Borrower (other than an Excluded
Subsidiary) during the fiscal quarter that this Certificate relates to.
9 To be included if the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries acquires any new Mortgaged Property during the fiscal
quarter that this Certificate relates to. 

C-4
Form of Compliance Certificate
SCHEDULE 1
to the Compliance Certificate
(Attached) 

C-5
Form of Compliance Certificate
For the Quarter/Year ended ___________________( Statement Date SCHEDULE 2
to the Compliance Certificate in 000s)
Section 7.11(a) Consolidated Net Worth
A. Consolidated Net Worth1
at Statement Date: 
B. Minimum required Consolidated Net Worth:
1. 75 of Consolidated Net Worth as of June 30, 2022: 
2. 50 of Consolidated Net Operating Income2
(if positive) for each full
fiscal quarter ending after the Effective Date: 
3. 50 of the net amount of any issuance of common or preferred Equity
Interests of the Borrower consummated after the Effective Date3
: 
Minimum required Consolidated Net Worth (sum of Line B.1 through Line
B.3): 
C. Excess (deficit) for covenant compliance (Line A less Line B): 

1 To consist of consolidated total equity but excluding any (i) accumulated other comprehensive income or
loss according to Financial Accounting Standard Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic 810 
Consolidation, (ii) embedded derivatives associated with modified coinsurance or funds withheld reinsurance
agreements as a result of the application of FASB Derivatives Implementation Group Statement 133 Implementation
Issue No. 36 (DIG B36), (iii) unrealized mark-to-market value adjustments on investments in CLOs managed by the
Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries that are reported through net income as a result of consolidation of the relevant
VIE and (iv) amounts attributable to any minority or non-controlling interest.
2 The aggregate of the operating net income (loss) of such Person and its Subsidiaries, determined on a
consolidated basis as of such date (excluding (a) other comprehensive income (loss), (b) changes in embedded
derivatives associated with modified coinsurance or funds withheld reinsurance arrangements, (c) unrealized mark-to-market value adjustments on investments, including CLO investments managed by the Borrower or its Subsidiaries
that are reported through net income as a result of consolidation of the relevant VIE and (d) one-time effect of non-cash accounting adjustments).
3 Excluding any proceeds of equity issuances used to refinance previously issued Equity Interests. 

C-6
Form of Compliance Certificate
Section 7.11(b) Consolidated Debt to Capitalization Ratio:
A. Consolidated Total Debt as of the above Statement Date: 
1. Consolidated Total Debt:4
/
5
a. All obligations of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for borrowed
money: 
b. All obligations of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries evidenced by
bond, debentures, notes or similar instruments: 
c. All obligations of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries under
conditional sale or other title retention agreements relating to
property acquired by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries: 
d. All obligation of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in respect of
deferred purchase price of property or services (excluding current
accounts payable incurred in the ordinary course of business): 
e. All capital lease obligations of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries: 
f. All unpaid obligations, contingent or otherwise, of the Borrower
and its Subsidiaries, in each case as an account party in respect of
letters of credit and letters of guaranty (only to the extent that it is
an unpaid obligation in respect of a letter of credit or letter of
guaranty that is then due and payable and not contingent and other
than cash collateralized letters of credit to secure the performance
of workers compensation, unemployment insurance, other social
security laws or regulations, bids, trade contract, leases,
environmental and other statutory obligations, surety and appeal
bonds, performance bond and other obligations of a like nature,
in each case, obtained in the ordinary course of business):
g. Current redeemable equity of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries: 
2. Consolidated Total Debt (sum of Line A.1.a. through Line A.1.g.): 
B. The sum of (A) Consolidated Net Worth as of such date plus (B)
Consolidated Total Debt as of such date: 
1. Consolidated Net Worth: 
2. Consolidated Total Debt (from line A.2. above): 
3. (Line B.1. plus Line B.2.): 
C. Consolidated Debt to Capitalization Ratio (Line A.2 divided by Line B.3): ___ 
D. Maximum permissible Consolidated Debt to Capitalization Ratio: 35 

4 All amounts are presented at 100 of the outstanding principal amount thereof, and the effects of FASB
ASC 825 on financial liabilities shall be disregarded.
5
 Consolidated Total Debt shall exclude, without duplication, (i) commission financing to the extent incurred
prior to the Effective Date, (ii) Loans made to any Insurance Company by a Federal Home Loan Bank, (iii) any
subordinated debt and (iv) for the avoidance of doubt, any items excluded from the definition of Debt . 

C-7
Form of Compliance Certificate
E. Excess (deficit) for covenant compliance (Line D less Line C): ___ 
Section 7.11(c) Minimum Risk-Based Capital Ratio6
A. Total Adjusted Capital at Statement Date: 
B. Authorized Control Level Risk-Based Capital at Statement Date: 
C. Risk-Based Capital Ratio7
at Statement Date:
D. Minimum required Risk-Based Capital Ratio: 300 
E. Excess (deficit) for covenant compliance (Line A less Line B):
Section 7.11(d) Minimum Liquidity
A. Liquidity8
at Statement Date: 
B. Minimum required Liquidity: 3,000,000
C. Excess (deficit) for covenant compliance (Line A less Line B): 
Section 7.11(e) Minimum Rating
A. A.M. Best financial strength rating of American Life Security Corp.:
B. Minimum required A.M. Best financial strength rating: B++
C. Covenant in compliance? (Yes/No)

6 To be included commencing with the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2023.
7 To equal the ratio of (a) the combined Total Adjusted Capital of such fiscal quarter-end to (b) an amount
equal to (i) the combined Authorized Control Level Risk-Based Capital of such fiscal quarter-end multiplied by (ii)
two.
8 To consist of unrestricted (as determined under GAAP), available cash and cash equivalents of the Borrower
and its Subsidiaries (other than Insurance Companies) plus, if the conditions specified in Section 4.02 of the Credit
Agreement have been satisfied, the amount by which the Aggregate Commitments exceed the Outstanding Amount. 

EXHIBIT D
D -1
Form of Assignment and Assumption
Form of Assignment and Assumption
This Assignment and Assumption (this Assignment and Assumption is dated as of the
Effective Date set forth below and is entered into by and between [the][each]1 Assignor identified in item
1 below ([the][each, an] Assignor and [the][each]2 Assignee identified in item 2 below ([the][each, an]
 Assignee ). [It is understood and agreed that the rights and obligations of [the Assignors][the Assignees]3
hereunder are several and not joint.]4
 Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings
given to them in the Credit Agreement identified below (the Credit Agreement ), receipt of a copy of
which is hereby acknowledged by the Assignee. The Standard Terms and Conditions set forth in Annex 1
attached hereto are hereby agreed to and incorporated herein by reference and made a part of this
Assignment and Assumption as if set forth herein in full.
For an agreed consideration, [the][each] Assignor hereby irrevocably sells and assigns to
[the Assignee][the respective Assignees], and [the][each] Assignee hereby irrevocably purchases and
assumes from [the Assignor][the respective Assignors], subject to and in accordance with the Standard
Terms and Conditions and the Credit Agreement, as of the Effective Date inserted by the Administrative
Agent as contemplated below (i) all of [the Assignor s][the respective Assignors ] rights and obligations in
[its capacity as a Lender][their respective capacities as Lenders] under the Credit Agreement and any other
documents or instruments delivered pursuant thereto to the extent related to the amount and percentage
interest identified below of all of such outstanding rights and obligations of [the Assignor][the respective
Assignors] under the facility described in the Credit Agreement and (ii) to the extent permitted to be
assigned under applicable law, all claims, suits, causes of action and any other right of [the Assignor (in its
capacity as a Lender)][the respective Assignors (in their respective capacities as Lenders)] against any
Person, whether known or unknown, arising under or in connection with the Credit Agreement, any other
documents or instruments delivered pursuant thereto or the loan transactions governed thereby or in any
way based on or related to any of the foregoing, including, but not limited to, contract claims, tort claims,
malpractice claims, statutory claims and all other claims at law or in equity related to the rights and
obligations sold and assigned pursuant to clause (i) above (the rights and obligations sold and assigned by
[the][any] Assignor to [the][any] Assignee pursuant to clauses (i) and (ii) above being referred to herein
collectively as [the][an] Assigned Interest ). Each such sale and assignment is without recourse to
[the][any] Assignor and, except as expressly provided in this Assignment and Assumption, without
representation or warranty by [the][any] Assignor.
1. Assignor[s]:
2. Assignee[s]:

1 For bracketed language here and elsewhere in this form relating to the Assignor(s), if the assignment is from
a single Assignor, choose the first bracketed language. If the assignment is from multiple Assignors, choose the
second bracketed language.
2 For bracketed language here and elsewhere in this form relating to the Assignee(s), if the assignment is to a
single Assignee, choose the first bracketed language. If the assignment is to multiple Assignees, choose the second
bracketed language.
3 Select as appropriate.
4
Include bracketed language if there are either multiple Assignors or multiple Assignees. 

[Affiliate of [identify Lender]]5
3. Borrower: Midwest Holding Inc.
4. Administrative Agent: Royal Bank of Canada, as the Administrative Agent under the Credit
Agreement
5. Credit Agreement: Credit Agreement, dated as of November 22, 2022 (the Credit Agreement ),
among MIDWEST HOLDING INC., a Delaware corporation (the Borrower ), the Lenders, and
ROYAL BANK OF CANADA, as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent.
6. Assigned Interest:
Assignor[s]6 Assignee[s]7
Aggregate Amount
of
Commitment/Loans
for all Lenders8
Amount of
Commitment/Loans
Assigned
Percentage Assigned
of
Commitment/Loans
9

7. [Trade Date: ]
10
Effective Date: , 20 [TO BE INSERTED BY ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND
WHICH SHALL BE THE EFFECTIVE DATE OF RECORDATION OF TRANSFER IN THE
REGISTER THEREFOR.]
5 To be added for each Assignee that is an Affiliate of a Lender.
6 List each Assignor, as appropriate.
7 List each Assignee, as appropriate.
8 Amounts in this column and in the column immediately to the right to be adjusted by the counterparties to
take into account any payments or prepayments made between the Trade Date and the Effective Date.
9 Set forth, to at least 9 decimals, as a percentage of the Commitment/Loans of all Lenders thereunder.
10 To be completed if the Assignor and the Assignee intend that the minimum assignment amount is to be
determined as of the Trade Date.
D-2
Form of Assignment and Assumption 

D-3
Form of Assignment and Assumption
[THE][EACH] ASSIGNEE HEREBY REPRESENTS AND WARRANTS THAT (A) IT HAS
REQUESTED AND REVIEWED EACH LIST OF PERSONS REFERRED TO IN THE
DEFINITION OF INELIGIBLE ASSIGNEE (AS DEFINED IN THE CREDIT AGREEMENT)
AND (B) UPON REVIEW, IT IS NOT AN INELIGIBLE ASSIGNEE OR AN AFFILIATE OF AN
INELIGIBLE ASSIGNEE.
The terms set forth in this Assignment and Assumption are hereby agreed to:
ASSIGNOR[S]:
[NAME OF ASSIGNOR(S)]
By:
Name:
Title:
ASSIGNEE[S]:
[NAME OF ASSIGNEE(S)]
By:
Name:
Title: 

ANNEX 1 TO ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION
D-4
Form of Assignment and Assumption
[Consented to and]1 Accepted:
ROYAL BANK OF CANADA,
as Administrative Agent
By:
Name:
Title:
[Consented to:]2
MIDWEST HOLDING INC.,
as Borrower
By:
Name:
Title:

1 To be added only if the consent of the Administrative Agent is required by the terms of the Credit Agreement.
2 To be added only if the consent of the Borrowers is required by the terms of the Credit Agreement. 

ANNEX 1 TO ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION
D-5
Form of Assignment and Assumption
STANDARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR
ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION
1. Representations and Warranties.
1.1 Assignor. [The][Each] Assignor (a) represents and warrants that (i) it is the legal
and beneficial owner of [the][the relevant] Assigned Interest, (ii) [the][such] Assigned Interest is free and
clear of any lien, encumbrance or other adverse claim and (iii) it has full power and authority, and has taken
all action necessary, to execute and deliver this Assignment and Assumption and to consummate the
transactions contemplated hereby; and (b) assumes no responsibility with respect to (i) any statements,
warranties or representations made in or in connection with the Credit Agreement or any other Loan
Document, (ii) the execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency or value of the Loan
Documents or any collateral thereunder, (iii) the financial condition of any of the Borrowers, any of their
respective Subsidiaries or Affiliates or any other Person obligated in respect of any Loan Document or (iv)
the performance or observance by any of the Borrowers, any of their respective Subsidiaries or Affiliates
or any other Person of any of their respective obligations under any Loan Document.
1.2 Assignee. [The][Each] Assignee (a) represents and warrants that (i) it has full
power and authority, and has taken all action necessary, to execute and deliver this Assignment and
Assumption and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and to become a Lender under the
Credit Agreement, (ii) it meets all the requirements to be an assignee under Section 10.06(b)(iii), (v) and
(vi) of the Credit Agreement (subject to such consents, if any, as may be required under Section 10.06(b)(iii)
of the Credit Agreement), (iii) from and after the Effective Date, it shall be bound by the provisions of the
Credit Agreement as a Lender thereunder and, to the extent of [the][the relevant] Assigned Interest, shall
have the obligations of a Lender thereunder, (iv) it is sophisticated with respect to decisions to acquire
assets of the type represented by [the][such] Assigned Interest and either it, or the Person exercising
discretion in making its decision to acquire [the][such] Assigned Interest, is experienced in acquiring assets
of such type, (v) it has received a copy of the Credit Agreement, and has received or has been accorded the
opportunity to receive copies of the most recent financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(i)
or 6.01(ii) thereof, as applicable, and such other documents and information as it deems appropriate to make
its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Assignment and Assumption and to purchase
[the][such] Assigned Interest, (vi) it has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent
or any other Lender and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its
own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Assignment and Assumption and to purchase [the][such]
Assigned Interest, (vii) attached hereto is any documentation required to be delivered by it pursuant to the
terms of the Credit Agreement, duly completed and executed by [the][such] Assignee and (viii) it is not an
Ineligible Assignee or an affiliate of an Ineligible Assignee; and (b) agrees that (i) it will, independently
and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, [the][any] Assignor or any other Lender, and based
on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit
decisions in taking or not taking action under the Loan Documents, and (ii) it will perform in accordance
with their terms all of the obligations which by the terms of the Loan Documents are required to be
performed by it as a Lender.
2. Payments. From and after the Effective Date, the Administrative Agent shall make
all payments in respect of [the][each] Assigned Interest (including payments of principal, interest, fees and
other amounts) to [the][the relevant] Assignor for amounts which have accrued to but excluding the Effective
Date and to [the][the relevant] Assignee for amounts which have accrued from and after the Effective Date.
3. General Provisions. This Assignment and Assumption shall be binding upon, and
inure to the benefit of, the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. This Assignment and
Assumption may be executed in any number of counterparts, which together shall constitute one instrument. 

D-6
Form of Assignment and Assumption
Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Assignment and Assumption by telecopy or
other electronic imaging means shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this
Assignment and Assumption. This Assignment and Assumption shall be governed by, and construed in
accordance with, the law of the State of New York. 

EXHIBIT E-1
Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate
(For Non-U.S. Lender Parties That Are Not Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes)
Reference is made to that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of November 22, 2022 (the Credit
Agreement ), among MIDWEST HOLDING INC., a Delaware corporation (the Borrower ), the Lenders,
and ROYAL BANK OF CANADA, as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent. Capitalized terms used
but not defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Credit Agreement.
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 3.01 of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies
that (i) it is the sole record and beneficial owner of the Loan(s) (as well as any Note(s) evidencing such
Loan(s)) in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) it is not a bank within the meaning of Section
881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iii) it is not a ten percent shareholder of any Borrower within the meaning of
Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code and (iv) it is not a controlled foreign corporation related to any Borrower
as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code.
The undersigned has furnished the Administrative Agent and the applicable Borrower with a
certificate of its non-U.S. Person status on IRS Form W-8BEN-E. By executing this certificate, the
undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall
promptly so inform the applicable Borrower and the Administrative Agent, and (2) the undersigned shall
have at all times furnished the applicable Borrower and the Administrative Agent with a properly completed
and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the
undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments.
Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have
the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement.
[____________]
By:
Name:
Title: 

EXHIBIT E-2
Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate
(For Non-U.S. Participants That Are Not Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes)
Reference is made to that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of November 22, 2022 (the Credit
Agreement ), among MIDWEST HOLDING INC., a Delaware corporation (the Borrower ), the Lenders,
and ROYAL BANK OF CANADA, as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent. Capitalized terms used
but not defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Credit Agreement.
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 3.01 of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies
that (i) it is the sole record and beneficial owner of the participation in respect of which it is providing this
certificate, (ii) it is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iii) it is not a ten
percent shareholder of any Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, and (iv) it is
not a controlled foreign corporation related to any Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the
Code.
The undersigned has furnished its participating Lender with a certificate of its non-U.S. Person
status on IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, as appropriate. By executing this certificate, the
undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall
promptly so inform such Lender in writing, and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished such
Lender with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which
each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such
payments.
Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have
the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement.
[____________]
By:
Name:
Title: 

EXHIBIT E-3
Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate
(For Non-U.S. Participants That Are Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes)
Reference is made to that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of November 22, 2022 (the Credit
Agreement ), among MIDWEST HOLDING INC., a Delaware corporation (the Borrower ), the Lenders,
and ROYAL BANK OF CANADA, as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent. Capitalized terms used
but not defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Credit Agreement.
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 3.01 of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies
that (i) it is the sole record owner of the participation in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii)
its direct or indirect partners/members are the sole beneficial owners of such participation, (iii) with respect
to such participation, neither the undersigned nor any of its direct or indirect partners/members is a bank
extending credit pursuant to a loan agreement entered into in the ordinary course of its trade or business
within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iv) none of its direct or indirect partners/members
is a ten percent shareholder of any Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code and
(v) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a controlled foreign corporation related to any
Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code.
The undersigned has furnished its participating Lender with IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by
one of the following forms from each of its partners/members that is claiming the portfolio interest
exemption: (i) an IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, as appropriate, or (ii) an IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by an IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, as appropriate, from each of such
partner s/member s beneficial owners that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption. By executing this
certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the
undersigned shall promptly so inform such Lender and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished
such Lender with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in
which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such
payments.
Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have
the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement.
[____________]
By:
Name:
Title: 

EXHIBIT E-4
Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate
(For Non-U.S. Lender Parties That Are Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes)
Reference is made to that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of November 22, 2022 (the Credit
Agreement ), among MIDWEST HOLDING INC., a Delaware corporation (the Borrower ), the Lenders,
and ROYAL BANK OF CANADA, as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent. Capitalized terms used
but not defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Credit Agreement.
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 3.01 of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies
that (i) it is the sole record owner of the Loan(s) (as well as any Note(s) evidencing such Loan(s)) in respect
of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) its direct or indirect partners/members are the sole beneficial
owners of such Loan(s) (as well as any Note(s) evidencing such Loan(s)), (iii) with respect to the extension
of credit pursuant to the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, neither the undersigned nor any
of its direct or indirect partners/members is a bank extending credit pursuant to a loan agreement entered
into in the ordinary course of its trade or business within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code,
(iv) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a ten percent shareholder of any Borrower within the
meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code and (v) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a
controlled foreign corporation related to any Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code.
The undersigned has furnished the Administrative Agent and the applicable Borrower with an IRS
Form W-8IMY accompanied by one of the following forms from each of its partners/members that is
claiming the portfolio interest exemption: (i) an IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, as
appropriate, or (ii) an IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by an IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, as appropriate, from each of such partner s/member s beneficial owners that is claiming the portfolio
interest exemption. By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided
on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform the applicable Borrower and the
Administrative Agent, and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished the applicable Borrower
and the Administrative Agent with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the
calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years
preceding such payments.
Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have
the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement.
[____________]
By:
Name:
Title: 

EXHIBIT F
Form of Guaranty
(See attached.) 

FORM OF GUARANTY
dated as of [ ], 20[ ]
among
Each Guarantor From Time to Time Party Hereto,
and
Royal Bank of Canada,
as Administrative Agent 

- i -
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Page
ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS
Section 1.01 Credit Agreement Definitions .......................................................................................1
Section 1.02 Additional Defined Terms.............................................................................................1
ARTICLE II GUARANTY
Section 2.01 The Guaranty.................................................................................................................2
Section 2.02 Guaranty Absolute.........................................................................................................3
Section 2.03 Payments. ......................................................................................................................4
Section 2.04 Discharge; Reinstatement in Certain Circumstances ....................................................4
Section 2.05 Waiver by the Guarantors..............................................................................................5
Section 2.06 Agreement to Pay; Subordination of Subrogation Claims ............................................7
Section 2.07 Stay of Acceleration ......................................................................................................7
Section 2.08 No Set-Off .....................................................................................................................7
ARTICLE III INDEMNIFICATION, SUBROGATION AND CONTRIBUTION
Section 3.01 Indemnity and Subrogation ...........................................................................................8
Section 3.02 Contribution and Subrogation .......................................................................................8
ARTICLE IV REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS
Section 4.01 Representations and Warranties; Certain Agreements..................................................8
Section 4.02 Information....................................................................................................................9
Section 4.03 Subordination by Guarantors.......................................................................................10
ARTICLE V SET-OFF
Section 5.01 Right of Set-Off...........................................................................................................10
ARTICLE VI MISCELLANEOUS
Section 6.01 Notices.........................................................................................................................10
Section 6.02 Benefit of Agreement ..................................................................................................11
Section 6.03 No Waivers; Non-Exclusive Remedies.......................................................................11
Section 6.04 Enforcement ................................................................................................................11
Section 6.05 Amendments and Waivers...........................................................................................11
Section 6.06 Joinder Agreements.....................................................................................................12
Section 6.07 Governing Law; Submission to Jurisdiction. ..............................................................12
Section 6.08 Limitation of Law; Severability. .................................................................................13
Section 6.09 Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness.....................................................................13
Section 6.10 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL .......................................................................................13
Section 6.11 Termination .................................................................................................................13
Section 6.12 Conflict........................................................................................................................14 

Table of Contents (Cont.)
Page
- ii -
ANNEXES
Annex 1 Form of Joinder to Guaranty 

GUARANTY dated as of [ ], 20[ ] (as amended, restated, amended and restated,
modified or supplemented from time to time, this Agreement among each of the entities listed on the
signature pages hereof and that becomes a party hereto pursuant to Section 8.6, and Royal Bank of
Canada, as Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties referred to herein.
WHEREAS, Midwest Holding Inc. is the Borrower under the Credit Agreement dated as
of November 22, 2022 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, modified or supplemented from
time to time, the Credit Agreement among the Borrower, the banks and other lending institutions from
time to time party thereto (each a Lender and, collectively, the Lenders and Royal Bank of Canada.,
as Administrative Agent.
WHEREAS, to induce the Lenders to enter into the Credit Agreement, and as a condition
precedent to the obligations of the Lenders under the Credit Agreement, each of the entities listed on the
signature pages hereof and that becomes a party hereto pursuant to Section 8.6 has agreed to become a
guarantor hereunder.
WHEREAS, references herein to the Borrower mean the Borrower in its capacity as
borrower under the Credit Agreement; and references herein to a Guarantor mean a Guarantor or
Guarantors in their respective capacities as guarantors hereunder. As used herein, Other Loan Parties 
means, with respect to any Guarantor, the Borrower and Guarantors other than itself.
ACCORDINGLY, for this and other valuable consideration, effective concurrently with
the effectiveness of the Credit Agreement, each Guarantor hereby agrees with the Administrative Agent
for the benefit of the Secured Parties as follows:
ARTICLE I
DEFINITIONS
Section 1.01 Credit Agreement Definitions. Terms defined in the introductory
statement hereof have their respective meanings set forth therein. Capitalized terms used in this
Agreement and not otherwise defined herein have the respective meanings assigned thereto in the Credit
Agreement. The rules of construction specified in Section 1.02 of the Credit Agreement shall also apply
to this Agreement.
Section 1.02 Additional Defined Terms. As used in this Agreement, the following
additional terms have the meanings specified below:
 Borrower Obligation has the meaning specified in Section 2.01(a).
 Borrower Obligor has the meaning specified in Section 2.01(a).
 Discharge of Finance Obligations has the meaning specified in Section 2.04.
 Fraudulent Transfer Laws has the meaning specified in Section 2.01(c).
 Guaranteed Obligations has the meaning specified in Section 2.01(a).
 Insolvency or Liquidation Proceeding has the meaning specified in Section 2.01(a). 

-2-
ARTICLE II
GUARANTY
Section 2.01 The Guaranty.
(a) Each Guarantor unconditionally guarantees, jointly and severally with the other
Guarantors, as a primary obligor and not as a surety: (x) the due and punctual payment of (whether at
stated maturity, upon acceleration or otherwise):
(i) all principal of, premium (if any) and interest on any Loan borrowed by
any Other Loan Party under, or any Note issued by any Other Loan Party pursuant to, the Credit
Agreement or any other Loan Document (including, without limitation, any interest which
accrues after the commencement of (A) any voluntary or involuntary case or proceeding under
any Debtor Relief Laws with respect to any Other Loan Party, (B) any other voluntary or
involuntary insolvency, reorganization or bankruptcy case or proceeding, or any receivership,
liquidation, reorganization or similar case or proceeding with respect to any Other Loan Party or
any material portion of its respective assets, (C) any liquidation, dissolution, reorganization or
winding up of any Other Loan Party whether voluntary or involuntary and whether or not
involving insolvency or bankruptcy or (D) any assignment for the benefit of creditors or any other
marshalling of assets and liabilities of any Other Loan Party (each an Insolvency or Liquidation
Proceeding ), whether or not allowed or allowable as a claim in any such proceeding);
(ii) all fees, expenses, indemnification obligations and other amounts of
whatever nature now or hereafter payable by any Other Loan Party pursuant to the Credit
Agreement or any other Loan Document, any Secured Hedging Agreement or any Secured Cash
Management Agreement (including, without limitation, (A) all expenses of the Administrative
Agent, Agent-Related Persons or the Lenders as to which one or more of them have a right to
reimbursement by any Loan Party under Section 10.04(a) of the Credit Agreement or under any
other similar provision of any other Loan Document, (B) all amounts paid by any Indemnitee as
to which such Indemnitee has the right to reimbursement by any Loan Party under Section
10.04(b) of the Credit Agreement or under any other similar provision of any other Loan
Document and (C) any amounts which accrue after the commencement of any Insolvency or
Liquidation Proceeding with respect to such Other Loan Party, whether or not allowed or
allowable as a claim in any such proceeding); and
(iii) all other amounts now or hereafter payable by any Other Loan Party
pursuant to any Loan Document, any Secured Hedging Agreement or any Secured Cash
Management Agreement and all other obligations or liabilities now existing or hereafter arising or
incurred on the part of any Other Loan Party pursuant to any Loan Document, any Secured
Hedging Agreement (other than Excluded Swap Obligations) or any Secured Cash Management
Agreement (including, without limitation, any amounts which accrue after the commencement of
any Insolvency or Liquidation Proceeding with respect to such Other Loan Party, whether or not
allowed or allowable as a claim in any such proceeding);
in each case together with all renewals, modifications, consolidations or extensions thereof and whether
now or hereafter due, owing or incurred in any manner, whether actual or contingent, whether incurred
solely or jointly with any other Person and whether as principal or surety (and including all liabilities in
connection with any notes, bills or other instruments accepted by any Secured Party in connection
therewith), together in each case with all renewals, modifications, consolidations or extensions thereof;
and (y) the due and punctual performance of all covenants, agreements, obligations and liabilities of each
Other Loan Party under or pursuant to the Loan Documents, Secured Hedging Agreements (other than 

-3-
Excluded Swap Obligations) or Secured Cash Management Agreements (all such monetary and other
obligations referred to in clauses (x) and (y) above being herein collectively referred to as the
 Guaranteed Obligations ).
(b) The books and records of the Administrative Agent showing the amount of the
Guaranteed Obligations shall be admissible in evidence in any action or proceeding, and shall be binding
upon each Guarantor and conclusive for the purpose of establishing the amount of the Guaranteed
Obligations.
(c) Anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, the
obligations of each Guarantor hereunder shall be limited to a maximum aggregate amount equal to the
greatest amount that would not render such Guarantor s obligations hereunder subject to avoidance as a
fraudulent transfer or conveyance under Section 548 of Title 11 of the United States Code or any
provisions of applicable state law (collectively, the Fraudulent Transfer Laws ), in each case after giving
effect to all other liabilities of such Guarantor, contingent or otherwise, that are relevant under the
Fraudulent Transfer Laws (specifically excluding, however, any liabilities of such Guarantor (i) in respect
of intercompany indebtedness to any Other Loan Party or any of its Affiliates to the extent that such
indebtedness would be discharged or would be subject to a right of set-off in an amount equal to the
amount paid by such Guarantor hereunder and (ii) under any guaranty of Debt subordinated in right of
payment to the Guaranteed Obligations which guaranty contains a limitation as to a maximum amount
similar to that set forth in this paragraph pursuant to which the liability of such Guarantor hereunder is
included in the liabilities taken into account in determining such maximum amount) and after giving
effect as assets of such Guarantor to the value (as determined under the applicable provisions of the
Fraudulent Transfer Laws) of any rights to subrogation, contribution, reimbursement, indemnity or
similar rights of such Guarantor pursuant to (i) applicable Law or (ii) any agreement providing for an
equitable allocation among such Guarantor and any Other Loan Party and its Affiliates of obligations
arising under guaranties by such parties (including the agreements in Article III of this Agreement). If any
Guarantor s liability hereunder is limited pursuant to this paragraph to an amount that is less than the total
amount of the Guaranteed Obligations, then it is understood and agreed that the portion of the Guaranteed
Obligations for which such Guarantor is liable hereunder shall be the last portion of the Guaranteed
Obligations to be repaid.
Section 2.02 Guaranty Absolute. Each Guarantor guarantees that the Guaranteed
Obligations will be paid and performed strictly in accordance with the terms of the Loan Documents,
regardless of any Law now or hereafter in effect in any jurisdiction affecting any of such terms or the
rights of the Secured Parties with respect thereto. The obligations of each Guarantor under this
Agreement are independent of the Guaranteed Obligations of the Other Loan Parties, and a separate
action or actions may be brought and prosecuted against each Guarantor to enforce this Agreement,
irrespective of whether any action is brought against any Other Loan Party or whether any Other Loan
Party is joined in any such action or actions. This Agreement is an absolute and unconditional guaranty
of payment when due, and not of collection, by each Guarantor, jointly and severally with each other
Guarantor of the Guaranteed Obligations in each and every particular. The obligations of each Guarantor
hereunder are several from those of the Other Loan Parties and are primary obligations concerning which
each Guarantor is the principal obligor. The Secured Parties shall not be required to mitigate damages or
take any action to reduce, collect or enforce the Guaranteed Obligations.
The obligations of each Guarantor hereunder shall not be subject to any reduction,
limitation, impairment or termination for any reason, including the existence of any claim, set-off or other
right which any Guarantor may have at any time against any Other Loan Party, the Administrative Agent,
any Secured Party or any other Person, whether in connection herewith or any unrelated transactions.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, each Guarantor s liability shall extend to all amounts that 

-4-
constitute part of the Guaranteed Obligations and would be owed by any Other Loan Party to any Secured
Party under the Loan Documents but for the fact that they are unenforceable or not allowable due to the
existence of a bankruptcy, reorganization or similar proceeding involving any Other Loan Party.
Each Guarantor has irrevocably and unconditionally delivered this Agreement to the
Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, and the failure by any Other Loan Party or
any other Person to sign this Agreement or a guaranty similar to this Agreement or otherwise shall not
discharge the obligations of any Guarantor hereunder. The irrevocable and unconditional liability of each
Guarantor hereunder applies whether it is jointly and severally liable for the entire amount of the
Guaranteed Obligations, or only for a pro-rata portion, and without regard to any rights (or the
impairment thereof) of subrogation, contribution or reimbursement that such Guarantor may now or
hereafter have against any Other Loan Party or any other Person. This Agreement is and shall remain
fully enforceable against each Guarantor irrespective of any defenses that any Other Loan Party may have
or assert in respect of the Guaranteed Obligations, including, without limitation, failure of consideration,
breach of warranty, payment, statute of frauds, statute of limitations, accord and satisfaction and usury,
except that a Guarantor may assert the defense of final payment in full of the Guaranteed Obligations.
Section 2.03 Payments.
(a) Payments to be Made Upon Default. If the Borrower or any Guarantor fails to
pay or perform any Guaranteed Obligation when due in accordance with its terms (whether at stated
maturity, by acceleration or otherwise) or if any Default or Event of Default specified in Section 8.01(f)
of the Credit Agreement occurs with respect to the Borrower or any Guarantor, the Guarantors shall,
promptly following demand by the Administrative Agent, fully and punctually pay and perform each of
the Guaranteed Obligations to the Administrative Agent.
(b) General Provisions as to Payments. Each payment hereunder shall be made free
and clear of and without condition or deduction for any counterclaim, defense, recoupment or setoff, at
the Administrative Agent s Office in Dollars and in immediately available funds. Without limiting the
foregoing, each Guarantor shall make all payments hereunder in accordance with Section 2.10 of the
Credit Agreement. The obligations of the Guarantors under this paragraph shall survive the payment in
full of the Guaranteed Obligations and termination of this Agreement.
(c) Application of Payments. All payments received by the Administrative Agent
hereunder shall be applied as provided in Section 8.03 of the Credit Agreement.
Section 2.04 Discharge; Reinstatement in Certain Circumstances. Each Guarantor s
obligations hereunder shall remain in full force and effect until the latest to occur of (i) payment in full in
cash of the principal of and interest (including interest accruing on or after the commencement of and
Insolvency or Liquidation Proceeding, whether or not a claim for such interest is, or would be, allowed in
such Insolvency or Liquidation Proceeding) and premium, if any, on all Debt outstanding under the Loan
Documents and termination of all commitments to lend or otherwise extend credit under the Loan
Documents and (ii) payment in full in cash of all other Guaranteed Obligations that are due and payable
or otherwise accrued and owing at or prior to the time such principal and interest are paid (including legal
fees and other expenses, costs or charges accruing on or after the commencement of any Insolvency or
Liquidation Proceeding, whether or not a claim for such fees, expenses, costs or charges is, or would be,
allowed in such Insolvency or Liquidation Proceeding but excluding obligations under Secured Hedging
Agreement, Secured Cash Management Agreements, and unasserted contingent obligations) (the
occurrence of all of the foregoing being referred to herein as Discharge of Finance Obligations ). No
payment or payments made by any Other Loan Party or any other Person or received or collected by any
Secured Party from any Other Loan Party or any other Person by virtue of any action or proceeding or 

-5-
any set-off or appropriation or application at any time or from time to time in reduction of or in payment
of the Guaranteed Obligations shall be deemed to modify, reduce, release or otherwise affect the liability
of any Guarantor hereunder, it being understood that each Guarantor shall, notwithstanding any such
payment or payments, remain liable for the Guaranteed Obligations until the Discharge of Finance
Obligations. If at any time any payment by any Other Loan Party or any other Person of any Guaranteed
Obligation is rescinded or must otherwise be restored or returned upon the insolvency, bankruptcy,
dissolution, liquidation or reorganization of any Other Loan Party or other Person or upon or as a result of
the appointment of a receiver, intervener or conservator of, or trustee or similar officer for, such Other
Loan Party or other Person or any substantial part of its respective property or otherwise, this Agreement
and each Guarantor s obligations hereunder with respect to such payment shall be reinstated as though
such payment had been due but not made at such time. Each Guarantor party hereto agrees that payment
or performance of any of the Guaranteed Obligations or other acts which toll any statute of limitations
applicable to the Guaranteed Obligations shall also toll the statute of limitations applicable to each such
Guarantor s liability hereunder.
Section 2.05 Waiver by the Guarantors.
(a) General Waivers. Each Guarantor hereby waives presentment to, demand of
payment from and protest to the Other Loan Parties of any of the Guaranteed Obligations, and also waives
promptness, diligence, notice of acceptance of its guarantee, any other notice with respect to any of the
Guaranteed Obligations and this Agreement and any requirement that the Administrative Agent or any
other Secured Party protect, secure, perfect or insure any Lien or any property subject thereto. Each
Guarantor further waives any right to require that resort be had by the Administrative Agent or any other
Secured Party to any security held for payment of the Guaranteed Obligations or to any balance of any
deposit, account or credit on the books of the Administrative Agent or any other Secured Party in favor of
the Borrower, Guarantor or any other Person. Each Guarantor hereby consents and agrees to each of the
following to the fullest extent permitted by Law, and agrees that such Guarantor s obligations under this
Agreement shall not be released, diminished, impaired, reduced or adversely affected by any of the
following, and waives any rights (including rights to notice) which such Guarantor might otherwise have
as a result of or in connection with any of the following:
(i) any renewal, extension, modification, increase, decrease, alteration or
rearrangement of all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations or any instrument executed in
connection therewith, or any contract or understanding with any Other Loan Party, the
Administrative Agent, any other Secured Party, or any of them, or any other Person, pertaining to
the Guaranteed Obligations;
(ii) any adjustment, indulgence, forbearance or compromise that might be
granted or given by the Administrative Agent or any other Secured Party to any Other Loan Party
or any other Person liable on the Guaranteed Obligations; or the failure of the Administrative
Agent or any other Secured Party to assert any claim or demand or to exercise any right or
remedy against any Other Loan Party under the provisions of any Loan Document or otherwise;
or any rescission, waiver, amendment or modification of, or any release from any of the terms or
provisions of, any Loan Document or any other agreement, including with respect to any Other
Loan Party under this Agreement;
(iii) the insolvency, bankruptcy, arrangement, adjustment, composition,
liquidation, disability, dissolution or lack of power of any Other Loan Party or any other Person at
any time liable for the payment of all or part of the Guaranteed Obligations; or any dissolution of
any Other Loan Party, or any change, restructuring or termination of the corporate structure or
existence of any Other Loan Party, or any sale, lease or transfer of any or all of the assets of any 

-6-
Other Loan Party, or any change in the shareholders, partners, or members of any Other Loan
Party; or any default, failure or delay, willful or otherwise, in the performance of the Guaranteed
Obligations;
(iv) the invalidity, illegality or unenforceability of all or any part of the
Guaranteed Obligations, or any document or agreement executed in connection with the
Guaranteed Obligations, for any reason whatsoever, including the fact that the Guaranteed
Obligations, or any part thereof, exceed the amount permitted by Law, the act of creating the
Guaranteed Obligations or any part thereof is ultra vires, the officers or representatives executing
the documents or otherwise creating the Guaranteed Obligations acted in excess of their authority,
the Guaranteed Obligations violate applicable usury laws, any Other Loan Party has valid
defenses, claims or offsets (whether at law, in equity or by agreement) which render the
Guaranteed Obligations wholly or partially uncollectible from such Other Loan Party, the
creation, performance or repayment of the Guaranteed Obligations (or the execution, delivery and
performance of any document or instrument representing part of the Guaranteed Obligations or
executed in connection with the Guaranteed Obligations or given to secure the repayment of the
Guaranteed Obligations) is illegal, uncollectible, legally impossible or unenforceable, or the
documents or instruments pertaining to the Guaranteed Obligations have been forged or otherwise
are irregular or not genuine or authentic;
(v) any full or partial release of the liability of any Other Loan Party or of
any other Person now or hereafter liable, whether directly or indirectly, jointly, severally, or
jointly and severally, to pay, perform, guarantee or assure the payment of the Guaranteed
Obligations or any part thereof, it being recognized, acknowledged and agreed by each Guarantor
that such Guarantor may be required to pay the Guaranteed Obligations in full without assistance
or support of any other Person, and such Guarantor has not been induced to enter into this
Agreement on the basis of a contemplation, belief, understanding or agreement that any party
other than the Borrower will be liable to perform the Guaranteed Obligations, or that the Secured
Parties will look to any other party to perform the Guaranteed Obligations;
(vi) the taking or accepting of any other security, collateral or guarantee, or
other assurance of payment, for all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations;
(vii) the failure of the Administrative Agent, any other Secured Party or any
other Person to exercise diligence or reasonable care in the preservation, protection, enforcement,
sale or other handling or treatment of all or any part of such collateral, property or security;
(viii) any payment by any Other Loan Party to the Administrative Agent or
any other Secured Party being held to constitute a preference under Title 11 of the United States
Code or any similar Federal, foreign or state Law, or for any reason the Administrative Agent or
any other Secured Party being required to refund such payment or pay such amount to any Other
Loan Party or someone else;
(ix) any other action taken or omitted to be taken with respect to the
Guaranteed Obligations, whether or not such action or omission prejudices any Guarantor or
increases the likelihood that any Guarantor will be required to pay the Guaranteed Obligations
pursuant to the terms hereof, it being the unambiguous and unequivocal intention of each
Guarantor that such Guarantor shall be obligated to pay the Guaranteed Obligations when due,
notwithstanding any occurrence, circumstance, event, action or omission whatsoever, whether or
not contemplated, and whether or not otherwise or particularly described herein, except for the
full and final payment and satisfaction of the Guaranteed Obligations in cash; 

-7-
(x) the fact that all or any of the Guaranteed Obligations cease to exist by
operation of Law, including by way of a discharge, limitation or tolling thereof under applicable
Debtor Relief Laws;
(xi) the existence of any claim, set-off or other right which any Guarantor
may have at any time against any Other Loan Party, the Administrative Agent, any other Secured
Party or any other Person, whether in connection herewith or any unrelated transactions; provided
that nothing herein shall prevent the assertion of any such claim by separate suit or compulsory
counterclaim; or
(xii) any other circumstance that might in any manner or to any extent
otherwise constitute a defense available to, vary the risk of, or operate as a discharge of, such
Guarantor as a matter of Law or equity other than the final payment in full of the Guaranteed
Obligations.
All waivers herein contained shall be without prejudice to the right of the Administrative Agent at its
option to proceed against the Borrower, any Guarantor or any other Person, whether by separate action or
by joinder.
Section 2.06 Agreement to Pay; Subordination of Subrogation Claims. In furtherance
of the foregoing and not in limitation of any other right that the Administrative Agent or any other
Secured Party has at law or in equity against any Guarantor by virtue hereof, upon the failure of any Other
Loan Party to pay any Guaranteed Obligation when and as the same shall become due, whether at
maturity, by acceleration, after notice of prepayment or otherwise, each Guarantor hereby promises to and
will forthwith pay, or cause to be paid, to the Administrative Agent or such other Secured Party as
designated thereby in cash the amount of such unpaid Guaranteed Obligations. Upon payment by any
Guarantor of any sums to the Administrative Agent or any other Secured Party as provided above, all
rights of such Guarantor against any Other Loan Party arising as a result thereof by way of right of
subrogation, contribution, reimbursement, indemnity or otherwise shall (including, without limitation, any
rights of a Guarantor arising under Article III of this Agreement) in all respects be subordinate and junior
in right of payment to the prior indefeasible payment in full in cash of all the Guaranteed Obligations and
Discharge of Finance Obligations. No failure on the part of any Other Loan Party or any other Person to
make any payments in respect of any subrogation, contribution, reimbursement, indemnity or similar right
(or any other payments required under applicable Law or otherwise) shall in any respect limit the
obligations and liabilities of any Guarantor with respect to its obligations hereunder. If any amount shall
erroneously be paid to any Guarantor on account of such subrogation, contribution, reimbursement,
indemnity or similar right, such amount shall be held in trust for the benefit of the Secured Parties and
shall forthwith be turned over to the Administrative Agent in the exact form received by such Guarantor
(duly endorsed by such Guarantor to the Administrative Agent, if required) to be credited against the
payment of the Guaranteed Obligations, whether matured or unmatured, in accordance with the terms of
the Loan Documents.
Section 2.07 Stay of Acceleration. If acceleration of the time for payment of any
amount payable by any Other Loan Party under or with respect to the Guaranteed Obligations is stayed
upon the insolvency or bankruptcy of such Other Loan Party, all such amounts otherwise subject to
acceleration under the terms of the Credit Agreement, any Note or any other agreement or instrument
evidencing or securing the Guaranteed Obligations shall nonetheless be payable by the Guarantors
hereunder, jointly and severally, forthwith on demand by the Administrative Agent.
Section 2.08 No Set-Off. No act or omission of any kind or at any time on the part of
any Secured Party in respect of any matter whatsoever shall in any way affect or impair the rights of the 

-8-
Administrative Agent or any other Secured Party to enforce any right, power or benefit under this
Agreement, and no set-off, claim, reduction or diminution of any Guaranteed Obligation or any defense of
any kind or nature which any Guarantor has or may have against any Other Loan Party or any Secured
Party shall be available against the Administrative Agent or any other Secured Party in any suit or action
brought by the Administrative Agent or any other Secured Party to enforce any right, power or benefit
provided for by this Agreement other than a defense of payment in full of the Guaranteed Obligations;
provided that nothing herein shall prevent the assertion by any Guarantor of any such claim by separate
suit or compulsory counterclaim. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed as a waiver by any
Guarantor of any rights or claims which it may have against any Secured Party hereunder or otherwise,
but any recovery upon such rights and claims shall be had from such Secured Party separately, it being
the intent of this Agreement that each Guarantor shall be unconditionally, absolutely and jointly and
severally obligated to perform fully all its obligations, covenants and agreements hereunder for the benefit
of each Secured Party.
ARTICLE III
INDEMNIFICATION, SUBROGATION AND CONTRIBUTION
Section 3.01 Indemnity and Subrogation. In addition to all such rights of indemnity
and subrogation as the Guarantors may have under applicable Law (but subject to Section 2.01(d), 2.01(e)
and Section 2.06 above), each Guarantor agrees that if a payment shall be made by any other Guarantor
under this Agreement, it shall indemnify such other Guarantor for the full amount of such payment and
such other Guarantor shall be subrogated to the rights of the person to whom such payment shall have
been made to the extent of such payment.
Section 3.02 Contribution and Subrogation. Each Guarantor (a Contributing
Guarantor agrees (subject to Section 2.01(d), 2.01(e) and Section 2.06 above) that, if a payment shall be
made by any other Guarantor under this Agreement to satisfy a claim of any Secured Party and such other
Guarantor (the Claiming Guarantor shall not have been fully indemnified by any Guarantor as
provided in Section 3.01, the Contributing Guarantor shall indemnify the Claiming Guarantor in an
amount equal to the amount of such payment or the greater of the book value or the fair market value of
such assets, as the case may be, in each case multiplied by a fraction the numerator of which shall be the
net worth of the Contributing Guarantor on the date that the obligation(s) supporting such claim were
incurred under this Agreement and the denominator of which shall be the aggregate net worth of all the
Guarantors on such date. Any Contributing Guarantor making any payment to a Claiming Guarantor
pursuant to this Section 3.02 shall be subrogated to the rights of such Claiming Guarantor under Section
3.01 to the extent of such payment, in each case subject to the provisions of Section 2.06.
ARTICLE IV
REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS
Section 4.01 Representations and Warranties; Certain Agreements. Each Guarantor
hereby represents, warrants and covenants as follows:
(a) All representations and warranties contained in the Credit Agreement that relate
to such Guarantor and this Agreement are true and correct.
(b) The execution, delivery and performance by each Guarantor of this Agreement
and of each other Loan Document to which it is a party have been duly authorized by all necessary
corporate or other organizational action, and do not and will not (i) contravene the terms of its
Organizational Documents, (ii) conflict with or result in any breach or contravention of, or the creation of
any Lien under (A) any Contractual Obligation to which such Guarantor is a party or affecting such 

-9-
Guarantor or the properties of such Guarantor which would reasonably be expected to result in a Material
Adverse Effect or (B) any order, injunction, writ or decree of any Governmental Authority or any arbitral
award to which such Guarantor or its property is subject which would reasonably be expected to result in
a Material Adverse Effect or (iii) violate any Law the effect of which would reasonably be expected to
result in a Material Adverse Effect.
(c) No approval, consent, exemption, authorization, or other action by, or notice to,
or filing with, any Governmental Authority or any other Person is necessary or required in connection
with the execution, delivery or performance by, or enforcement against, each Guarantor of this
Agreement or of any other Loan Document to which it is a party, except for such approval (or deemed
approvals), consents, exemptions, authorizations, actions, notices or filings that have been duly obtained,
taken or made and are in full force and effect and except as would not reasonably be expected to result in
a Material Adverse Effect.
(d) This Agreement, and each other Loan Document to it is a party, has been, when
delivered hereunder, will have been, duly executed and delivered by each Guarantor. This Agreement
constitutes, and each other Loan Document to which it is a party when so delivered will constitute, a
legal, valid and binding obligation of each Guarantor enforceable against such Guarantor in accordance
with its terms except as such enforceability may be limited by statutes of limitations, bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization, receivership, moratorium or other Laws affecting creditors rights generally,
by defenses of set-off and counterclaim (to the extent not otherwise waived hereunder or under such other
Loan Documents), and by general principles of equity, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding
in equity or at law.
(e) Such Guarantor agrees to comply with each of the covenants contained in the
Credit Agreement that impose or purport to impose restrictions or obligations on such Guarantor.
(f) Such Guarantor acknowledges that any default in the due observance or
performance by such Guarantor of any covenant, condition or agreement contained herein may constitute
an Event of Default under Section 8.01 of the Credit Agreement.
(g) There are no conditions precedent to the effectiveness of this Agreement that
have not been satisfied or waived.
(h) Such Guarantor has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative
Agent or any other Secured Party and based on such documents and information as it has deemed
appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement. Such Guarantor has
investigated fully the benefits and advantages which will be derived by it from execution of this
Agreement, and the Board of Directors (or persons performing similar functions in case of a Guarantor
which is not a corporation) of such Guarantor has decided that a direct or an indirect benefit will accrue to
such Guarantor by reason of the execution of this Agreement.
(i) (i) This Agreement is not given with actual intent to hinder, delay or defraud any
Person to which such Guarantor is or will become, on or after the date hereof, indebted; and (ii) such
Guarantor has received at least a reasonably equivalent value in exchange for entering into this
Agreement.
Section 4.02 Information. Each of the Guarantors assumes full responsibility for
being and keeping itself informed of the financial condition and assets of the Other Loan Parties and of all
other circumstances bearing upon the risk of nonpayment of the Guaranteed Obligations and the nature,
scope and extent of the risks that such Guarantor assumes and incurs hereunder, and agrees that none of 

-10-
the Administrative Agent or any other Secured Party will have any duty to advise any of the Guarantors
of information known to it or any of them regarding such circumstances or risks.
Section 4.03 Subordination by Guarantors. In addition to the terms of subordination
provided for under Section 2.06, each Guarantor hereby subordinates in right of payment all indebtedness
of any and all of the Other Loan Parties owing to it, whether originally contracted with such Guarantor or
acquired by such Guarantor by assignment, transfer or otherwise, whether now owed or hereafter arising,
whether for principal, interest, fees, expenses or otherwise, together with all renewals, extensions,
increases or rearrangements thereof, to the prior indefeasible payment in full in cash of the Guaranteed
Obligations, whether now owed or hereafter arising, whether for principal, interest (including interest
accruing during the pendency of any Insolvency or Liquidation Proceeding, regardless of whether allowed
or allowable in such proceeding), fees, expenses or otherwise, together with all renewals, extensions,
increases or rearrangements thereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, until such time as the Administrative
Agent shall have exercised any remedy pursuant to Section 8.02 of the Credit Agreement (or the principal
amount of the Loans shall have become automatically due and payable pursuant to the proviso thereof),
the Guarantors shall be permitted to make payments on any such indebtedness so long as such
indebtedness is otherwise permitted or not restricted pursuant to the Credit Agreement.
ARTICLE V
SET-OFF
Section 5.01 Right of Set-Off. In addition to any rights now or hereafter granted
under applicable law or otherwise, and not by way of limitation of any such rights, upon the occurrence of
any Event of Default under the Credit Agreement, each Secured Party (and each of its Affiliates) is
authorized at any time and from time to time, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any
kind (all of such rights being hereby expressly waived), to set off and to appropriate and apply any and all
deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final) and any other indebtedness at any time
held or owing by such Secured Party (including, without limitation, branches, agencies or Affiliates of
such Secured Party wherever located) to or for the credit or account of any Guarantor against obligations
and liabilities of such Guarantor then due to the Secured Parties hereunder or under the other Loan
Documents, and any such set-off shall be deemed to have been made immediately upon the occurrence of
an Event of Default even though such charge is made or entered on the books of such Secured Party
subsequent thereto. Each Guarantor hereby agrees that to the extent permitted by law any Person
purchasing a participation in a Loan or a Note whether or not acquired pursuant to the arrangements
provided for in Section 10.06 of the Credit Agreement, may exercise all rights of set-off with respect to its
participation interest as fully as if such Person were a Secured Party.
ARTICLE VI
MISCELLANEOUS
Section 6.01 Notices.
(a) Notices Generally. Unless otherwise expressly provided herein, all notices and
other communications provided for hereunder shall be in writing (including by facsimile or email
transmission) and mailed, emailed, faxed or delivered, to the address, facsimile number or (subject to
paragraph (b) below) electronic mail address specified for notices: (i) in the case of any Guarantor, as
specified for such Person in or pursuant to Section 10.02 of the Credit Agreement; (ii) in the case of the
Administrative Agent or any Lender, as specified in or pursuant to Section 10.02 of the Credit
Agreement; or (iii) in the case of any party, at such other address as shall be designated by such party in a
notice to the Administrative Agent and each other party hereto. Notices and other communications
hereunder sent by hand or overnight courier service, or mailed by certified or registered mail, shall be 

-11-
deemed to have been given when received; notices and other communications sent by facsimile or email
shall be deemed to have been given when sent (except that, if not given during normal business hours for
the recipient, shall be deemed to have been given at the opening of business on the next Business Day for
the recipient).
(b) Electronic Communications. Notices and other communications to the Secured
Parties hereunder may be delivered or furnished by electronic communication (including e-mail and
Internet or intranet websites) pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent, provided that
the foregoing shall not apply to notices to any Secured Party if such Secured Party has notified the
Administrative Agent that it is incapable of receiving notices by electronic communication. The
Administrative Agent may, in its discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it
hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by it; provided that approval of
such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications.
Section 6.02 Benefit of Agreement. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure
to the benefit of and be enforceable by the respective successors and assigns of the parties hereto;
provided that none of the Guarantors may assign or transfer any of its interests and obligations without
prior written consent of the Administrative Agent (and any such purported assignment or transfer without
such consent shall be void). Upon the assignment by the Administrative Agent or any Secured Party of
all or any portion of its rights and obligations under the Credit Agreement (including all or any portion of
its Commitments and the Loans owing to it) or any other Loan Document to any other Person permitted
under the Credit Agreement, such other Person shall thereupon become vested with all the benefits in
respect thereof granted to such transferor or assignor herein or otherwise.
Section 6.03 No Waivers; Non-Exclusive Remedies. No failure or delay on the part
of the Administrative Agent or any other Secured Party to exercise, no course of dealing with respect to,
and no delay in exercising any right, power or privilege under this Agreement or any other Loan
Document, or other document or agreement contemplated hereby or thereby shall operate as a waiver
thereof nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right, power or privilege preclude any other or
further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege. The rights and remedies
provided herein and in the other Loan Documents are cumulative and are not exclusive of any other rights
or remedies provided by Law.
Section 6.04 Enforcement. The Secured Parties agree that this Agreement may be
enforced only by the action of the Administrative Agent (acting upon the instructions of the Required
Lenders if required under the Loan Documents) and that no other Secured Party shall have any right
individually to seek to enforce this Agreement, it being understood and agreed that such rights and
remedies may be exercised by the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties upon the
terms of this Agreement; provided, however, that the foregoing shall not prohibit (i) any Lender from
exercising setoff rights in accordance with Section 5.01 or (ii) any Lender from filing proofs of claim or
appearing and filing pleadings on its own behalf during the pendency of a proceeding relative to the
Guarantors under any Debtor Relief Law; and provided, further, that if at any time there is no Person
acting as Administrative Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, then in addition to the
matters set forth in the preceding proviso and subject to the Credit Agreement, any Lender may, with the
consent of the Required Lenders, enforce any rights and remedies available to it and as authorized by the
Required Lenders.
Section 6.05 Amendments and Waivers. Any provision of this Agreement may be
amended or waived if, but only if, such amendment or waiver is in writing and is signed by each
Guarantor directly affected by such amendment or waiver (it being understood that the addition or release
of any Guarantor hereunder shall not constitute an amendment or waiver affecting any Guarantor other 

-12-
than the Guarantor so added or released) and the Administrative Agent (with the consent of the Required
Lenders or, to the extent required by Section 10.01 of the Credit Agreement, such other portion of the
Lenders as may be specified therein).
Section 6.06 Joinder Agreements. If, at the option of the Borrower or as required
pursuant to Section 6.12 of the Credit Agreement, the Borrower shall cause any Subsidiary of the
Borrower that is not a Guarantor to become a Guarantor hereunder, such Subsidiary shall execute and
deliver to the Administrative Agent a Joinder to Guaranty substantially in the form of Annex 1 and shall
thereafter for all purposes be a party hereto and have the same rights, benefits and obligations as a
Guarantor party hereto on the Effective Date.
Section 6.07 Governing Law; Submission to Jurisdiction.
(a) GOVERNING LAW. THIS AGREEMENT AND ANY CLAIMS,
CONTROVERSY, DISPUTE OR CAUSE OF ACTION (WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR TORT OR
OTHERWISE) BASED UPON, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT AND
THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND
CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.
(b) SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION. (i) EACH OF THE GUARANTORS
IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT COMMENCE ANY
ACTION, LITIGATION OR PROCEEDING OF ANY KIND OR DESCRIPTION, WHETHER IN LAW
OR EQUITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR IN TORT OR OTHERWISE, AGAINST THE
ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, ANY FINANCE PARTY OR ANY RELATED PARTY OF THE
FOREGOING IN ANY WAY RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS
RELATING HERETO, IN ANY FORUM OTHER THAN THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF NEW
YORK SITTING IN NEW YORK COUNTY AND OF THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT OF
THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK, AND ANY APPELLATE COURT FROM ANY
THEREOF, AND EACH OF THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO IRREVOCABLY AND
UNCONDITIONALLY SUBMITS TO THE JURISDICTION OF SUCH COURTS AND AGREES
THAT ALL CLAIMS IN RESPECT OF ANY SUCH ACTION, LITIGATION OR PROCEEDING
MAY BE HEARD AND DETERMINED IN SUCH COURTS. (ii) EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO
(OTHER THAN THE GUARANTORS) IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY AGREES
THAT IT WILL NOT COMMENCE ANY ACTION, LITIGATION OR PROCEEDING OF ANY KIND
OR DESCRIPTION, WHETHER IN LAW OR EQUITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR IN TORT
OR OTHERWISE, AGAINST ANY OF THE GUARANTORS IN ANY WAY RELATING TO THIS
AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS RELATING HERETO, IN ANY FORUM OTHER THAN
(x) THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SITTING IN NEW YORK COUNTY AND OF
THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT OF THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK, AND
ANY APPELLATE COURT FROM ANY THEREOF OR (y) THE COURTS OF THE JURISDICTION
OF INCORPORATION OR FORMATION OF THE APPLICABLE GUARANTOR AND ANY
APPELLATE COURT FROM ANY THEREOF, AND EACH OF THE GUARANTORS
IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY SUBMITS TO THE JURISDICTION OF SUCH
COURTS AND AGREES THAT ALL CLAIMS IN RESPECT OF ANY SUCH ACTION,
LITIGATION OR PROCEEDING MAY BE HEARD AND DETERMINED IN SUCH COURTS. (iii)
EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO AGREES THAT A FINAL JUDGMENT IN ANY SUCH
ACTION, LITIGATION OR PROCEEDING REFERRED TO IN THIS PARAGRAPH (b) SHALL BE
CONCLUSIVE AND MAY BE ENFORCED IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS BY SUIT ON THE
JUDGMENT OR IN ANY OTHER MANNER PROVIDED BY LAW. 

-13-
(c) WAIVER OF VENUE. (i) EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO (OTHER
THAN THE GUARANTORS) IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES, TO THE
FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY OBJECTION THAT IT MAY NOW
OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OF ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING
ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT IN ANY COURT REFERRED TO IN
PARAGRAPH (b)(i) OF THIS SECTION. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO (OTHER THAN THE
GUARANTORS) HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED
BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE DEFENSE OF AN INCONVENIENT FORUM TO THE
MAINTENANCE OF SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING IN ANY SUCH COURT. (ii) EACH OF
THE GUARANTORS IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST
EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY OBJECTION THAT IT MAY NOW OR
HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OF ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING
OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT IN ANY COURT REFERRED TO IN
PARAGRAPH (b)(ii) OF THIS SECTION. EACH OF THE GUARANTORS HEREBY
IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW,
THE DEFENSE OF AN INCONVENIENT FORUM TO THE MAINTENANCE OF SUCH ACTION
OR PROCEEDING IN ANY SUCH COURT.
Section 6.08 Limitation of Law; Severability.
(a) All rights, remedies and powers provided in this Agreement may be exercised
only to the extent that the exercise thereof does not violate any applicable provision of Law, and all of the
provisions of this Agreement are intended to be subject to all applicable mandatory provisions of Law
which may be controlling and be limited to the extent necessary so that they will not render this
Agreement invalid, unenforceable in whole or in part, or not entitled to be recorded, registered or filed
under the provisions of any applicable Law.
(b) If any provision hereof is invalid or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, then, to the
fullest extent permitted by Law: (i) the other provisions hereof shall remain in full force and effect in
such jurisdiction and shall be liberally construed in favor of the Administrative Agent and the other
Secured Parties in order to carry out the intentions of the parties hereto as nearly as may be possible; and
(ii) the invalidity or unenforceability of any provision hereof in any jurisdiction shall not affect the
validity or enforceability of such provisions in any other jurisdiction.
Section 6.09 Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness. This Agreement may be
executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto in different counterparts), each of which shall
constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. Delivery of
an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Agreement by telecopy or other electronic imaging
means (e.g. pdf or tif shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this
Agreement. This Agreement and the other Loan Documents constitute the entire contract among the
parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all previous agreements and
understandings, oral or written, relating to the subject matter hereof. The words execution, execute, 
 signed, signature, and words of like import in or related to this Agreement and the transactions
contemplated hereby and thereby shall be deemed to include electronic signatures, the electronic
matching of assignment terms and contract formations on electronic platforms approved by the
Administrative Agent, or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same
legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a paper-based
recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable
requirements of Law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act,
the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the
Uniform Electronic Transactions Act. 

-14-
Section 6.10 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY
IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL
PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE
TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.
Section 6.11 Termination. This Agreement shall terminate and have no further force
or effect upon the Discharge of Finance Obligations.
Section 6.12 Conflict. To the extent that there is a conflict or inconsistency between
any provision hereof, on the one hand, and any provision of the Credit Agreement, on the other hand, the
Credit Agreement shall control.
[Signature pages follow] 

[Signature Page to Guaranty]
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each Guarantor has executed this Agreement as of the day and year
first above written.
[GUARANTOR]
By:
Name:
Title: 

[Signature Page to Guaranty]
Agreed to and Accepted:
ROYAL BANK OF CANADA, as Administrative
Agent
By:
Name:
Title: 

ANNEX 1 TO
GUARANTY
FORM OF JOINDER TO GUARANTY
This JOINDER TO GUARANTY, dated as of [ ], 20[ ], is delivered pursuant to Section 6.06 of
the Guaranty, dated as of [ ], 20[ ], by among each of the entities listed on the signature pages thereof
and that becomes a party thereto pursuant to Section 6.06 (collectively, the Guarantors ), Royal Bank of
Canada, as administrative agent and collateral agent (in such capacities, together with its successors and
permitted assigns, the Administrative Agent for the Lenders and each other Secured Party (as such
agreement may be amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from
time to time, the Guaranty ). Capitalized terms used herein without definition are used as defined in the
Guaranty.
By executing and delivering this Joinder to Guaranty, the undersigned, as provided in Section
6.06 of the Guaranty, hereby (a) becomes a party to the Guaranty as a Guarantor thereunder with the same
force and effect as if originally named as a Guarantor therein and (b) expressly assumes all obligations
and liabilities of a Guarantor thereunder. The undersigned hereby agrees to be bound as a Guarantor for
the purposes of the Guaranty.
The undersigned hereby represents and warrants that each of the representations and warranties
contained in Article IV of the Guaranty applicable to it is true and correct in all material respects (or (A)
if any such representation or warranty is expressly stated to have been made as of a specific date, as of
such specific date, (B) in the case of Section 5.05(a) of the Credit Agreement, such representations and
warranties shall be deemed to refer to the most recent financial statements furnished by the Borrower
thereunder, (C) in the case of Section 5.05(b) of the Credit Agreement, such representations and
warranties shall be deemed to refer to the most recent audited statements furnished by the Borrower
thereunder and (D) in the case of those representations and warranties which are qualified by materiality
or Material Adverse Effect, such representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all respects).
This Joinder to Guaranty Agreement shall be governed by, and construed and interpreted in
accordance with, the law of the State of New York. 

[Signature Page to Joinder to Guaranty]
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, THE UNDERSIGNED HAS CAUSED THIS JOINDER TO
GUARANTY TO BE DULY EXECUTED AND DELIVERED AS OF THE DATE FIRST ABOVE
WRITTEN.
[Additional Guarantor]
By:
Name:
Title: 

[Signature Page to Joinder to Guaranty]
ACKNOWLEDGED AND AGREED
as of the date first above written:
ROYAL BANK OF CANADA,
as Administrative Agent
By:
Name:
Title: 

EXHIBIT G
Form of Solvency Certificate
SOLVENCY CERTIFICATE
November [ ], 2022
This Solvency Certificate (this Certificate is being executed and delivered pursuant to Section 5(b)(iv)
of that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of November 22, 2022, by and among MIDWEST HOLDING
INC., a Delaware corporation (the Borrower ), the Lenders, and ROYAL BANK OF CANADA, as
Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the
meanings ascribed to them in the Credit Agreement.
The undersigned, solely in such undersigned s capacity as Chief Financial Officer of the Borrower,
and not in any individual capacity and without personal liability, hereby certifies to the Administrative
Agent on behalf of the Loan Parties, as follows:
1. The undersigned is familiar with the business and financial position of the Loan Parties, taken as a
whole and is duly authorized to execute this Solvency Certificate on behalf of the Borrower pursuant to the
Credit Agreement.
2. Immediately after giving effect to transactions contemplated by the Credit Agreement:
(A) the fair value of the property of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis,
is greater than the total amount of liabilities, including contingent liabilities, of the Borrower and
its Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis;
(B) the present fair saleable value of the assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, on a
consolidated basis, is not less than the amount that will be required to pay the probable liability on
the debts of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, as they become absolute
and matured in the ordinary course of business;
(C) the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, do not intend to, and do not
believe that they will, incur debts or liabilities beyond their ability, on a consolidated basis, to pay
such debts and liabilities as they mature in the ordinary course of business; and
(D) the Borrower and its Subsidiaries are not engaged in a business or a transaction, and are
not about to engage in a business or transaction, for which the capital of the Borrower and its
Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, would constitute unreasonably small in relation to the
business of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, contemplated as of the date
hereof.
G-1
Form of Solvency Certificate 

EXHIBIT G
G-2
Form of Solvency Certificate
For purposes of this Certificate, the amount of any contingent liability at any time shall be computed
as the amount that, in light of all of the facts and circumstances existing at such time, represents the amount
that can reasonably be expected to become an actual or matured liability.
[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank] 

EXHIBIT G
G-3
Form of Solvency Certificate
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Certificate as of the date first written above.
MIDWEST HOLDING INC.,
as Borrower
By:___________________________
Name:
Title: 

EXHIBIT H
Form of Security Agreement
(See attached.) 

SECURITY AGREEMENT
among
MIDWEST HOLDING INC., as the Borrower,
Each Other Grantor
From Time to Time Party Hereto
and
ROYAL BANK OF CANADA,
as Collateral Agent
Dated as of November 22, 2022 

Table of Contents
Page
ARTICLE I. DEFINED TERMS ...........................................................................................................................1
Section 1.1 Definitions.....................................................................................................................1
Section 1.2 Certain Other Terms......................................................................................................5
ARTICLE II. GRANT OF SECURITY INTEREST.............................................................................................5
Section 2.1 Collateral.......................................................................................................................5
Section 2.2 Grant of Security Interest in Collateral.........................................................................6
ARTICLE III. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES..............................................................................6
Section 3.1 Title; No Other Liens....................................................................................................6
Section 3.2 Perfection and Priority ..................................................................................................6
Section 3.3 Jurisdiction of Organization; Chief Executive Office...................................................7
Section 3.4 Locations of Inventory, Equipment and Books and Records........................................7
Section 3.5 Pledged Securities.........................................................................................................7
Section 3.6 Intellectual Property......................................................................................................7
Section 3.7 Commercial Tort Claims...............................................................................................8
Section 3.8 Enforcement..................................................................................................................8
ARTICLE IV. COVENANTS ...............................................................................................................................8
Section 4.1 Maintenance of Perfected Security Interest; Further Documentation...........................8
Section 4.2 Changes in Locations, Name, Etc. ..............................................................................10
Section 4.3 Pledged Securities.......................................................................................................10
Section 4.4 Investment Property ....................................................................................................11
Section 4.5 Intellectual Property....................................................................................................11
Section 4.6 Notice of Commercial Tort Claims.............................................................................12
ARTICLE V. REMEDIAL PROVISIONS..........................................................................................................12
Section 5.1 Code and Other Remedies...........................................................................................12
Section 5.2 Accounts and Payments in Respect of General Intangibles........................................14
Section 5.3 Pledged Securities.......................................................................................................15
Section 5.4 Proceeds to be Turned over to and Held by Collateral Agent ....................................15
Section 5.5 Sale of Pledged Securities...........................................................................................16
Section 5.6 Deficiency ...................................................................................................................17
ARTICLE VI. THE COLLATERAL AGENT ....................................................................................................17
Section 6.1 Authority of Collateral Agent .....................................................................................17
Section 6.2 Duty; Obligations and Liabilities................................................................................17
Section 6.3 Registration in Nominee Name; Denominations........................................................18
Section 6.4 Collateral Agent Not a Partner or Limited Liability Company Member....................18
ARTICLE VII. MISCELLANEOUS...................................................................................................................19
Section 7.1 Release of Collateral ...................................................................................................19
i 

Table of Contents
(continued)
Page
Section 7.2 Independent Obligations.............................................................................................19
Section 7.3 No Waiver by Course of Conduct...............................................................................19
Section 7.4 Amendments in Writing..............................................................................................20
Section 7.5 Additional Grantors.....................................................................................................20
Section 7.6 Notices ........................................................................................................................20
Section 7.7 Successors and Assigns...............................................................................................20
Section 7.8 Counterparts................................................................................................................20
Section 7.9 Severability .................................................................................................................20
Section 7.10 Governing Law ...........................................................................................................21
Section 7.11 Jurisdiction, Etc.; Waiver of Jury Trial.......................................................................21
Section 7.12 Security Interest Absolute...........................................................................................21
Section 7.13 Survival of Representations and Warranties...............................................................21
Section 7.14 Mortgages....................................................................................................................21
ANNEXES AND SCHEDULES
Annex 1 Form of Joinder to Security Agreement
Annex 2 Form of [Copyright][Patent][Trademark] Security Agreement
Schedule 1 Commercial Tort Claims
Schedule 2 Filing Offices
Schedule 3 Jurisdiction of Organization; Chief Executive Offices
Schedule 4 Locations of Collateral
Schedule 5 Pledged Securities
Schedule 6 Intellectual Property
ii 

SECURITY AGREEMENT (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented and/or
otherwise modified from time to time, this Agreement ), dated as of November 22, 2022, by Midwest
Holding Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Borrower ), each of the other entities that becomes a party
hereto pursuant to Section 7.5 (collectively, with the Borrower, the Grantors ), Royal Bank of Canada, as
administrative agent and collateral agent (in such capacities, together with its successors and permitted
assigns, the Collateral Agent for the Lenders and each other Secured Party.
W I T N E S E T H:
WHEREAS, pursuant to the Credit Agreement dated as of the date hereof (as the same may be
amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the
 Credit Agreement ), among the Borrower, the Lenders from time to time party thereto and the Collateral
Agent, the Lenders have severally agreed to make extensions of credit to the Borrower upon the terms and
subject to the conditions set forth therein;
WHEREAS, the Secured Hedging Counterparties (if any) have agreed to enter into and/or maintain
one or more Secured Hedging Agreements and the Cash Management Banks have agreed to enter into
and/or maintain Secured Cash Management Agreements, in each case, on the terms and conditions set forth
in the Credit Agreement, in such Secured Hedging Agreements and in such Secured Cash Management
Agreements, as applicable;
WHEREAS, each Grantor (other than the Borrower), if any, has agreed to guarantee the Obligations
(as defined in the Credit Agreement) of the Borrower pursuant to the terms of the Guaranty (as defined in
the Credit Agreement);
WHEREAS, each Grantor will derive substantial direct and indirect benefits from the making of
the extensions of credit under the Credit Agreement; and, the entering into and/or maintaining by the
Secured Hedging Counterparties (if any) of Secured Hedging Agreements with any Grantor, and the
entering into and/or maintaining by the Cash Management Banks (if any) of Secured Cash Management
Agreements with any Grantor; and
WHEREAS, it is a condition precedent to the obligation of the Lenders to make their respective
extensions of credit to the Borrower under the Credit Agreement, that the Grantors shall have executed and
delivered this Agreement to the Collateral Agent;
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and to induce the Lenders and the Collateral
Agent to enter into the Credit Agreement and to induce the Lenders to make their respective extensions of
credit to the Borrower thereunder, each Grantor hereby agrees with the Collateral Agent as follows:
ARTICLE I.
DEFINED TERMS
Section 1.1 Definitions.
(a) Capitalized terms used herein without definition are used as defined in the Credit
Agreement.
(b) The following terms have the meanings given to them in the UCC and terms used herein
without definition that are defined in the UCC have the meanings given to them in the UCC (such meanings
to be equally applicable to both the singular and plural forms of the terms defined): account , account
debtor , certificated security , chattel paper , commercial tort claim , commodity contract , deposit
1 

account , document , electronic chattel paper , equipment , fixture , general intangible , goods ,
 instruments , inventory , investment property , letter-of-credit right , proceeds , record ,
 securities account , security , security entitlements , supporting obligation and tangible chattel
paper .
(c) The following terms shall have the following meanings:
 Agreement has the meaning specified in the preamble.
 Applicable IP Office means the United States Patent and Trademark Office or the United States
Copyright Office, as applicable.
 Collateral has the meaning specified in Section 2.1.
 Collateral Agent has the meaning specified in the preamble.
 Copyrights means all rights, title and interests in copyrights, whether or not registered or
published, all registrations and recordations thereof and all applications in connection therewith.
 Credit Agreement has the meaning specified in the recitals.
 Excluded Equity means (i) any Equity Interest in any regulated investment advisor, any Insurance
Company or any parent entity of any Insurance Company, in each case to the extent a pledge of such Equity
Interest would require regulatory approval from the Applicable Insurance Regulatory Authority (in the case
of any Insurance Company or parent entity of an Insurance Company) or applicable securities regulatory
authority (in the case of a regulated investment advisor) and (ii) any issued and outstanding Equity Interests
in a Subsidiary of the Borrower that is (w) a CFC, (x) a CFC Holdco, (y) a Subsidiary of a CFC or (z) a
Subsidiary of a CFC Holdco, other than, in the case of any direct subsidiary of a Grantor which direct
subsidiary is (A) a CFC or (B) a CFC Holdco, 65 of the outstanding voting equity interests and 100 of
the outstanding non-voting equity interests of such CFC or CFC Holdco.
 Excluded Property means, collectively,
(i) Excluded Equity;
(ii) any rights or interests in any lease, license, permit, contract, agreement or other Contractual
Obligation entered into by any Grantor, or the assets subject thereto, if under the terms of such lease, license,
permit, contract, agreement or other Contractual Obligation, or any applicable Law with respect thereto,
the valid grant to the Collateral Agent (or any Secured Party) of a Lien therein or in such assets (or the
perfection thereof) is prohibited, or would violate or invalidate such lease, license, permit, contract,
agreement or other Contractual Obligation or create a right of termination in favor of any other party thereto
(that is not a Grantor or other Subsidiary) or trigger a change of control or similar provision or permit
any other party thereto (that is not a Grantor or other Subsidiary) to amend or otherwise modify any right,
benefit and/or obligation of any Grantor or otherwise require any Grantor or Subsidiary thereof to take any
action that is materially adverse to its interests, after giving effect to the applicable anti-assignment
provisions of the UCC or other applicable Law, other than proceeds and receivables thereof, the assignment
of which is expressly deemed effective under the UCC notwithstanding such prohibition, limitation,
restriction or right; provided, however, that, notwithstanding the foregoing, Excluded Property shall not
2 

include any such lease, license, permit, contract, agreement or other Contractual Obligation not subject to
the prohibitions specified above;
(iii) (x) any leasehold real property interests and (y) any fee-owned real property (other than
Mortgaged Property);
(iv) those assets as to which the Borrower and the Collateral Agent reasonably determine that the
cost, burden, difficulty or consequence of granting or perfecting a security interest therein outweighs or is
disproportionate to, or would be excessive in light of, the practical benefit to the Secured Parties of the
security to be afforded thereby (including after accounting for any material adverse effects on taxes, interest
deductibility, stamp duty, registration taxes and notarial costs);
(v) any assets to the extent the grant or perfection of a security interest in such assets would result
in material adverse tax consequences as reasonably determined by the Borrower in consultation with the
Collateral Agent;
(vi) any intent-to-use Trademark application prior to the filing and acceptance of a Statement of
Use or Amendment to Allege Use with respect thereto;
(vii) margin stock (within the meaning of Regulation U of the Board of Governors of the Federal
Reserve System);
(viii) any assets the grant or perfection of a security interest in which would require consent,
approval, license or other authorization from any Governmental Authority that has not been obtained
(provided there shall be no obligation to request, seek or obtain such consent, approval, license or other
authorization), after giving effect to the applicable anti-assignment provisions of the UCC or other
applicable law; and
(ix) commercial tort claims with a value that would not reasonably be expected to exceed
 1,000,000 for which a claim has been filed in a court of competent jurisdiction;
provided, however, Excluded Property shall not include any proceeds, products, substitutions or
replacements of Excluded Property (unless such proceeds, products, substitutions or replacements would
otherwise constitute Excluded Property).
 Grantor has the meaning specified in the preamble.
 Intellectual Property means all rights, title and interests in intellectual property owned by a
Grantor, including all Copyrights, Patents, Trademarks, internet domain names and trade secrets.
 Issuer has the meaning specified in Section 4.3(d).
 Notice of Control has the meaning set forth in Section 4.3(d).
 Patents means all rights, title and interests in letters patent and applications therefor and all
divisionals, reversions, continuations, continuations-in-part, reissues, reexaminations, renewals and
extensions of such, as applicable.
 Pledged Certificated Equity Interests means all certificated securities and any other Equity
Interests, other than any Excluded Equity, of any direct Subsidiary of a Grantor evidenced by a certificate,
instrument or other similar document, in each case owned by any Grantor, including all Equity Interests
3 

listed on Schedule 5. Pledged Certificated Equity Interests excludes any Excluded Property (including, for
the avoidance of doubt, any Excluded Equity) and any cash equivalents.
 Pledged Debt Instruments means all right, title and interest of any Grantor in instruments
evidencing any Indebtedness (in each case, in excess of 1,000,000 individually) owed to such Grantor
issued by the obligors named therein. Pledged Debt Instruments excludes any Excluded Property and any
cash equivalents.
 Pledged Equity Interests means all Pledged Certificated Equity Interests and all Pledged
Uncertificated Equity Interests.
 Pledged Investment Property means any investment property of any Grantor, other than any
Pledged Equity Interests or Pledged Debt Instruments. Pledged Investment Property excludes any Excluded
Property and any cash equivalents.
 Pledged Securities means, collectively, the Pledged Equity Interests and the Pledged Debt
Instruments.
 Pledged Uncertificated Equity Interests means any Equity Interests of any Person that is owned
by a Grantor that is not Pledged Certificated Equity Interests, including all right, title and interest of any
Grantor as a limited or general partner in any partnership not constituting Pledged Certificated Equity
Interests or as a member of any limited liability company, all right, title and interest of any Grantor in, to
and under any Constituent Document of any partnership or limited liability company to which it is a party,
including in each case those interests set forth on Schedule 5, to the extent such interests are not certificated.
Pledged Uncertificated Equity Interests excludes any Excluded Property (including, for the avoidance of
doubt, any Excluded Equity) and any cash equivalents.
 Secured Obligations has the meaning ascribed to the term "Obligations" in the Credit Agreement.
 Software means (a) all computer programs, including source code and object code versions,
(b)all data, databases and compilations of data, whether machine readable or otherwise, and (c) all
documentation, training materials and configurations related to any of the foregoing, in each case, owned
or exclusively licensed by any Grantor.
 Trademarks means all rights, title and interests in trademarks, trade names, corporate names,
company names, business names, fictitious business names, trade styles, service marks, logos and other
source or business identifiers and, in each case, all goodwill associated therewith, all registrations and
recordations thereof and all applications in connection therewith.
 UCC means the Uniform Commercial Code as from time to time in effect in the State of New
York; provided, however, that, in the event that, by reason of mandatory provisions of any applicable Law,
any of the attachment, perfection or priority of the Collateral Agent s or any other Secured Party s security
interest in any Collateral is governed by the Uniform Commercial Code of a jurisdiction other than the State
of New York, UCC shall mean the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in such other jurisdiction for
purposes of the provisions hereof relating to such attachment, perfection or priority and for purposes of the
definitions related to or otherwise used in such provisions.
Section 1.2 Certain Other Terms.
(a) Where the context requires, provisions relating to any Collateral when used in relation to a
Grantor shall refer to such Grantor s Collateral or any relevant part thereof.
4 

(b) Sections 1.2 (Other Interpretive Provisions), 1.3 (Accounting Terms), 1.4 (Rounding), 1.5
(Times of Day), 1.6 (Timing of Payment or Performance), 1.7 (Pro Forma Compliance) and 1.8
(Compliance with this Agreement) of the Credit Agreement are each applicable to this Agreement.
ARTICLE II.
GRANT OF SECURITY INTEREST
Section 2.1 Collateral. For the purposes of this Agreement, all of the following property now
owned or at any time hereafter acquired by a Grantor or in which a Grantor now has or at any time in the
future may acquire any right, title or interest is collectively referred to as the Collateral :
(a) all accounts, chattel paper, cash, deposit accounts, securities accounts, commodities
accounts, documents, equipment, general intangibles, instruments, inventory, investment property, letter-of-credit rights and any supporting obligations related to any of the foregoing;
(b) the commercial tort claims for which a claim has been filed in a court of competent
jurisdiction the value of which would reasonably be expected to exceed 1,000,000 described on Schedule 1
and on any supplement thereto received by the Collateral Agent pursuant to Section 4.6;
(c) all books and records pertaining to the other property described in this Section 2.1;
(d) all property of such Grantor held by any Secured Party, including all property of every
description, in the custody of or in transit to such Secured Party for any purpose, including safekeeping,
collection or pledge, for the account of such Grantor or as to which such Grantor may have any right or
power, including but not limited to cash;
(e) all other goods(including but not limited to fixtures) and personal property ofsuch Grantor,
whether tangible or intangible and wherever located;
(f) all Intellectual Property;
(g) all Pledged Securities;
(h) all Pledged Equity Interests, in each case including all dividends, distributions, return of
capital, cash, instruments and other property from time to time received, receivable or otherwise distributed
in respect of or in exchange for any or all of the Pledged Equity Interests and all warrants, rights or options
issued thereon or with respect thereto;
(i) all Pledged Debt Instruments, in each case including all interest, cash, instruments and
other property from time to time received, receivable or otherwise distributed in respect of or in exchange
for any or all Pledged Debt Instruments; provided that the Pledged Debt Instruments shall not include, and
no Lien shall attach to, and no representation, warranty or covenant contained herein shall apply to, any
Excluded Property;
(j) all payments of principal or interest, dividends, cash, instruments and other property from
time to time received, receivable or otherwise distributed in respect of, in exchange for or upon the
conversion of, and all other Proceeds received in respect of, the securities referred to in clauses (h) and (i)
above; and
(k) to the extent not otherwise included, all proceeds of the foregoing;
5 

provided, however, that notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement the Collateral shall not
include any Excluded Property; provided, further, that, if and when any property shall cease to be Excluded
Property, such property shall be deemed to be Collateral .
Section 2.2 Grant of Security Interest in Collateral. Each Grantor, as collateral security for the
Secured Obligations, hereby mortgages, pledges and hypothecates to the Collateral Agent for the benefit of
the Secured Parties, and grants to the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties, a Lien on and
security interest in, all of its right, title and interest in, to and under the Collateral of such Grantor.
ARTICLE III.
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
To induce the Lenders and the Collateral Agent to enter into the Loan Documents, each Grantor
hereby represents and warrants each of the following to the Collateral Agent, the Lenders and the other
Secured Parties:
Section 3.1 Title; No Other Liens. Except for the Lien granted to the Collateral Agent pursuant
to this Agreement and other Liens expressly permitted pursuant to Section 7.02 of the Credit Agreement,
such Grantor owns each item of the Collateral free and clear of any and all Liens. Such Grantor (a) is the
record and beneficial owner of the Collateral pledged by it hereunder constituting instruments or certificates
and (b) has rights in or the power to transfer each other item of Collateral in which a Lien is granted by it
hereunder, free and clear of any other Lien, other than Liens expressly permitted pursuant to Section 7.02
of the Credit Agreement.
Section 3.2 Perfection and Priority. The security interest granted pursuant to this Agreement
constitutes a valid and continuing security interest in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the
Secured Parties in all Collateral under applicable United States law and such security interest shall be
perfected for the following Collateral and subject to the occurrence of the following: (a) in the case of all
Collateral in which a security interest may be perfected by filing a financing statement under the UCC, the
completion of the filings at the offices specified on Schedule 2 and (b) in the case of all United States
Copyrights, Trademarks and Patents included in the Collateral for which UCC filings are insufficient, all
appropriate filings having been timely made with the Applicable IP Office (provided, however, that
additional filings may be required with the Applicable IP Office, to perfect the Collateral Agent s security
interest in any Copyrights, Trademarks and Patents included in the Collateral acquired after the date hereof).
Such security interest shall be prior to all other Liens on the Collateral except for Liens expressly permitted
pursuant to Section 7.02 of the Credit Agreement upon (i) in the case of all Pledged Certificated Equity
Interests, Pledged Debt Instruments and Pledged Investment Property, the delivery thereof to the Collateral
Agent of such Pledged Certificated Equity Interests, Pledged Debt Instruments and Pledged Investment
Property (other than, in each case, checks received in the ordinary course of business) consisting of
instruments and certificates, in each case properly endorsed for transfer to the Collateral Agent or in blank
and (ii) in the case of all Pledged Investment Property (other than checks received in the ordinary course of
business) not in certificated form, the execution of control agreements with respect to such investment
property.
Section 3.3 Jurisdiction of Organization; Chief Executive Office. Such Grantor s jurisdiction
of organization or registration, legal name and organizational or registration identification number, if any,
and the location of such Grantor s chief executive office or sole place of business, in each case as of the
date hereof, is specified on Schedule 3. Except as set forth on Schedule 3, as of the date hereof, such
Grantor has not acquired the controlling Equity Interests of another Person or substantially all of the assets
of another Person within the past five (5) years.
6 

Section 3.4 Locations of Inventory, Equipment and Books and Records. As of the date hereof,
such Grantor s inventory and equipment (other than inventory and equipment in transit or out for repair or
laptop computers, cellular telephones and/or other electronic devices held by employees in the ordinary
course of business, and other than inventory or equipment having a value not exceeding 1,000,000
individually or in the aggregate) and books and records concerning the Collateral (other than books and
records that are held by employees or other Affiliates in the ordinary course of business or maintained
electronically, including by utilizing cloud-based platforms or similar systems) are kept at the locations
listed on Schedule 4.
Section 3.5 Pledged Securities.
(a) The Pledged Equity Interests pledged by such Grantor hereunder (i) as of the date hereof,
are listed on Schedule 5, are directly owned of record by such Grantor, whether the applicable Pledged
Equity Interest is certificated, and the certificate number (if any) of, and constitutes that percentage of the
issued and outstanding Equity Interests of all classes of each issuer thereof as set forth on Schedule 5, and
(ii) to such Grantor s knowledge has been duly authorized, validly issued and is fully paid and
nonassessable (other than Pledged Equity Interests in limited liability companies and partnerships). The
Pledged Debt Instruments pledged by such Grantor hereunder (i) as of the date hereof, are listed on Schedule
5, are directly owed to such Grantor, and (ii) to such Grantor s knowledge, are legal, valid and binding
obligations of the issuers thereof, subject to applicable Debtor Relief Laws and general principles of equity
and principles of good faith and fair dealing (to the best of such Grantor s actual knowledge solely with
respect to Pledged Debt Instruments issued by a Person other than any Grantor or any of their respective
wholly owned Subsidiaries). Such Grantor has the power and authority to pledge the Pledged Securities
pledged by it hereunder in the manner hereby done or contemplated.
(b) By virtue of the execution and delivery by such Grantor of this Agreement, when any
Pledged Certificated Equity Interests and associated transfer powers are delivered to, and held in continued
possession by, the Collateral Agent in the State of New York in accordance with this Agreement, the
Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties will obtain a legal, valid and first-priority (subject
only to Liens expressly permitted pursuant to Section 7.02 of the Credit Agreement) perfected lien upon
and security interest in such Pledged Certificated Equity Interests as security for the payment and
performance of the Secured Obligations.
Section 3.6 Intellectual Property.
(a) Schedule 6 sets forth a true and complete list of the Patent registrations and applications,
Trademark registrations and applications, and Copyright applications and registrations owned by such
Grantor as of the date hereof that are included in the Collateral, including for each of the foregoing (1) the
owner, (2) the name or title and (3) as applicable, the registration or application number and registration or
application date. Schedule 6 also sets forth a true and complete list of all licenses to which such Grantor is
a party, pursuant to which such Grantor is licensed or otherwise granted any exclusive rights to any
Copyright applications or registrations.
(b) On the date hereof, all registrations of Intellectual Property included in the Collateral
owned by such Grantor are subsisting and unexpired and, to the knowledge of such Grantor, all registrations
of Intellectual Property owned by such Grantor are valid and enforceable, in each case, other than as would
not, in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. There are no pending (or,
to the knowledge of such Grantor, threatened in writing) actions, investigations, suits, proceedings, audits,
claims, demands, orders or disputes challenging the ownership, use, validity, enforceability of, or such
Grantor s rights in, any Intellectual Property owned by such Grantor other than in each case, as would not,
in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. To such Grantor s knowledge,
7 

no Person in the past three (3) years has been or is infringing, misappropriating or diluting any Intellectual
Property or misappropriating any Software, in each case, owned by such Grantor and included in the
Collateral other than as would not, in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect.
Section 3.7 Commercial Tort Claims. The only commercial tort claims of such Grantor
existing on the date hereof (if any), to such Grantor s knowledge for which a claim has been filed in a court
of competent jurisdiction, in each case with a value which would reasonably be expected to exceed
 1,000,000, are those listed on Schedule 1.
Section 3.8 Enforcement. As of the date hereof, no permit, approval, authorization, license,
registration, certificate, concession, grant, franchise, variance or permission from, and any other
Contractual Obligations with, any Governmental Authority, notice to or filing with any Governmental
Authority or any other Person or any consent from any Person is required for the exercise by the Collateral
Agent of its rights (including voting rights but subject to the limitations of Section 5.3(a)) provided for in
this Agreement or the enforcement of remedies in respect of the Collateral pursuant to this Agreement,
including the transfer of any Collateral, except (a) as may be required in connection with the enforcement
of remedies over Pledged Securities issued by a foreign Subsidiary, (b) as may be required in connection
with the disposition of any portion of the Pledged Securities by laws affecting the offering and sale of
securities generally, (c) any approvals that may be required to be obtained from any bailees or landlords to
collect the Collateral, (d) other notice required by non-waivable provisions of the UCC, (e) in the event of
any insolvency proceeding of such Grantor, as may be required under the Bankruptcy Code or (f) as
described in Section 5.1(g).
ARTICLE IV.
COVENANTS
Each Grantor agrees with the Collateral Agent to the following until the Commitments have expired
or been terminated and all Obligations (other than Obligations under Secured Hedging Agreements,
Secured Cash Management Agreements and contingent obligations for which no claim has been asserted)
have been paid in full:
Section 4.1 Maintenance of Perfected Security Interest; Further Documentation.
(a) Such Grantorshall maintain the security interest created by this Agreement in the Collateral
as a perfected (to the extent this Agreement requires it to be perfected) security interest having at least the
priority described in, and subject to, Section 3.2 and shall take commercially reasonable actions to defend
such security interest and such priority against the claims and demands of all Persons except (x) against any
Persons holding Liens expressly permitted pursuant to Section 7.02 of the Credit Agreement and (y) to the
extent that the Collateral Agent and the Borrower reasonably agree that the cost of such defense is excessive
in relation to the benefit to the Lenders of such security interest and priority.
(b) Subject to Section 6.12 of the Credit Agreement, at any time and from time to time, upon
the reasonable written request of the Collateral Agent, such Grantor shall, for the purpose of obtaining or
preserving the full benefits of this Agreement and of the rights and powers herein granted, (i) promptly and
duly execute and deliver, and have recorded, such further documents, including an authorization to file (or,
as applicable, the filing) of any financing statement or amendment under the UCC (or other filings under
similar requirements of Law) in effect in any United States jurisdiction with respect to the security interest
created hereby and (ii) take such further actions as the Collateral Agent may reasonably request in writing;
provided that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary, including clauses (i) and (ii) above, the Grantors
shall not be required (i) to request, seek or obtain any consent to or approval for the assignment to or for
8 

the benefit of the Collateral Agent of any Contractual Obligation, including any Intellectual Property
licenses included in the Collateral or (ii) to take any action inconsistent with Section 6.12 of the Credit
Agreement.
(c) Prior to the occurrence of the Commitments expiring or being terminated and all
Obligations (other than Obligations under Secured Hedging Agreements, Secured Cash Management
Agreements and contingent obligations for which no claim has been asserted) being paid in full or release
of such Grantor in accordance with the Loan Documents, each Grantor authorizes the Collateral Agent and
its Related Parties, at any time and from time to time, to file or record financing statements, amendments
thereto, and other filing or recording documents or instruments with respect to any Collateral (which would
not add new collateral or add a debtor, except as otherwise provided for herein or in any other Loan
Document, including in connection with any joinder agreement executed pursuant to Section 7.5) in such
form and in such offices as the Collateral Agent reasonably determines appropriate to perfect, or continue
or maintain perfection of, the security interests of the Collateral Agent under this Agreement, and such
financing statements and amendments may describe the Collateral covered thereby as all assets of the
debtor or words of similar import.
(d) At its option, the Collateral Agent may discharge past due Taxes, assessments, charges,
fees, Liens, security interests or other encumbrances at any time levied or placed on the Collateral and not
expressly permitted pursuant to Section 6.07 or Section 7.02 of the Credit Agreement, and may pay for the
maintenance and preservation of the Collateral to the extent any Grantor fails to do so as required by the
Credit Agreement or this Agreement, and such Grantor jointly and severally agrees with each other Grantor
to reimburse the Collateral Agent within ten (10) Business Days of receipt of a reasonably detailed written
invoice for any payment made or any expense incurred by the Collateral Agent pursuant to the foregoing
authorization; provided, however, that nothing in this paragraph shall be interpreted as excusing any
Grantor from the performance of, or imposing any obligation on the Collateral Agent or any Secured Party
to cure or perform, any covenants or other promises of such Grantor with respect to Taxes, assessments,
charges, fees, Liens, security interests or other encumbrances and maintenance as set forth herein or in the
other Loan Documents.
(e) Such Grantor irrevocably makes, constitutes and appoints the Collateral Agent (and all
officers, employees or agents designated by the Collateral Agent) as such Grantor s true and lawful agent
(and attorney-in-fact) for the purpose, upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of
Default, of making, settling and adjusting claims in respect of Collateral under policies of insurance,
endorsing the name of such Grantor on any check, draft, instrument or other item of payment for the
proceeds of such policies of insurance and for making all determinations and decisions with respect thereto.
In the event that any Grantor at any time or times shall fail to obtain or maintain any of the policies of
insurance required hereby or under the Credit Agreement or to pay any premium in whole or part relating
thereto, the Collateral Agent may, without waiving or releasing any obligation or liability of any Grantor
hereunder or any Default or Event of Default, in its sole discretion, obtain and maintain such policies of
insurance and pay such premium and take any other actions with respect thereto as the Collateral Agent
deems advisable. All sums disbursed by the Collateral Agent in connection with this paragraph, including
attorneys fees, court costs, expenses and other charges relating thereto, shall be payable to the extent
provided in Section 10.04 of the Credit Agreement, upon demand, by the Grantors to the Collateral Agent
and shall be additional Obligations secured hereby.
Section 4.2 Changes in Locations, Name, Etc. Such Grantor shall provide notice to the
Collateral Agent and deliver to the Collateral Agent all documents reasonably requested by the Collateral
Agent in writing to maintain the validity, perfection and priority of the Liens and security interests provided
for herein (subject in any event to the limitations described in Section 4.1(b)), together with the delivery of
the Compliance Certificate for the applicable fiscal quarter (or, in the case of the fourth fiscal quarter of
9 

any fiscal year, the related fiscal year) and, in any event, in sufficient time to enable all filings to be made
within any applicable statutory period under the UCC that are required in order for the Collateral Agent to
continue at all times following such change to have a valid, legal and perfected security interest in all
Collateral in which a security interest may be perfected by filing of a financing statement under the UCC
(or such longer period as the Collateral Agent may agree in its sole discretion), after the occurrence of any
of the following events during any such fiscal quarter (if any):
(i) such Grantor shall change its jurisdiction of organization or its location (within the
meaning of Section 9-307 of the UCC), in each case from that referred to in Section 4.3; or
(ii) such Grantor shall change its legal name or organizational identification number,
if any, or corporation, limited liability company, partnership or other organizational structure.
Section 4.3 Pledged Securities.
(a) Delivery of Pledged Certificated Equity Interests and Pledged Debt Instruments.
(i) Such Grantor shall deliver to the Collateral Agent, in suitable form for transfer and
in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, all Pledged Certificated
Equity Interests and Pledged Debt Instruments (i) not later than five (5) Business Days after the
Effective Date (or such date set forth in Section 6.12 of the Credit Agreement or such later date as
may be agreed by the Collateral Agent in its sole discretion), in the case of any Pledged Certificated
Equity Interests and Pledged Debt Instruments of such Grantor as of the Effective Date and (ii)
with respect to any Pledged Certificated Equity Interests and Pledged Debt Instruments acquired
by such Grantor after the Effective Date, subject to and within the time periods required by Section
6.12 of the Credit Agreement.
(ii) Each delivery of Pledged Securities shall be accompanied by a schedule describing
such Pledged Securities, which schedule shall be attached hereto as Schedule 5 or deemed to
supplement Schedule 5 and be made a part hereof; provided that failure to provide any such
schedule hereto shall not affect the validity of the pledge hereunder of such Pledged Securities.
Each schedule so delivered after the Effective Date shall supplement any prior schedules so
delivered.
(iii) The pledge and security interest granted in Section 2.1 are granted as security only
and shall not subject the Collateral Agent or any other Secured Party to, or in any way alter or
modify, any obligation or liability of any Grantor with respect to or arising out of any Pledged
Security.
(b) Cash Distributions with respect to Pledged Securities. Except as provided in Article V and
subject to the limitations set forth in Section 7.04 of the Credit Agreement (if any), such Grantor shall be
entitled to receive all distributions paid in respect of the Pledged Securities.
(c) Voting Rights. Except as provided in Article V, such Grantor shall be entitled to exercise
all voting, consent and corporate, partnership, limited liability company and similar rights with respect to
the Pledged Securities.
(d) Issuer Control. Each Grantor that is an issuer of any Pledged Uncertificated Equity
Interests (each, an Issuer shall, upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default
subject to the notice requirements of Section 5.3(a), comply with all instructions originated by the Collateral
Agent concerning such Pledged Uncertificated Equity Interests without further consent by the beneficial
10 

owner of such Pledged Uncertificated Equity Interests or any other Grantor. Until an Issuer receives a
written notice from Collateral Agent that Collateral Agent will exercise control over such Pledged
Uncertificated Equity Interests in accordance with Section 5.3(a) (a Notice of Control ), such Issuer may
comply with instructions originated by any Grantor concerning such Pledged Uncertificated Equity
Interests and, subject to the limitations set forth in the Credit Agreement, may distribute to the Grantors all
interest, distributions, dividends and other payments on such Pledged Uncertificated Equity Interests.
(e) Article 8 Opt-In. No Grantor shall permit any limited liability company or limited
partnership interest that constitutes Pledged Uncertificated Equity Interests (other than Excluded Equity)
of a Subsidiary of such Grantor to be represented by a certificate unless (i) the limited liability company
agreement or partnership agreement expressly provides that such interest shall be a security within the
meaning of Article 8 of the UCC of the applicable jurisdiction and (ii) such certificate shall be delivered to
the Collateral Agent in accordance with Section 4.3(a) above.
Section 4.4 Investment Property. Except in connection with any Liens expressly permitted
pursuant to Section 7.02 of the Credit Agreement, no Grantor shall grant control (within the meaning of
such term under Article 9-106 of the UCC) over any investment property to any Person other than the
Collateral Agent.
Section 4.5 Intellectual Property.
(a) Each Grantor shall execute and deliver to the Collateral Agent in form and substance
reasonably acceptable to the Collateral Agent and suitable for filing in the Applicable IP Office, short-form
intellectual property security agreements substantially in the form attached hereto as Annex 2 for all
registered U.S. Copyrights (including exclusive Copyright licenses), registered U.S. Trademarks, U.S.
issued Patents, and all applications for each of the foregoing owned by such Grantor to the extent
constituting Collateral, as of the Effective Date and in accordance with Section 4.5(b).
(b) Together with each Compliance Certificate for any fiscal quarter (or, in the case of the
fourth fiscal quarter of any fiscal year, the related fiscal year) that includes any addition to Schedule 6 that
does not constitute Excluded Property for such Grantor, such Grantor shall provide the Collateral Agent
notification thereof and the applicable short-form intellectual property agreements as described in this
Section 4.5.
(c) With respect to each registered Trademark, Patent, or Copyright as applicable, included in
the Collateral, such Grantor shall (i) (A) continue to use each registered Trademark owned by such Grantor
to the extent necessary to maintain such Trademark in full force and effect, free from any claim of
abandonment for non-use, (B) maintain at least substantially the same standards of quality of products and
services offered under such Trademark as are currently maintained, and (C) use such Trademark, Patent
and Copyright with the appropriate notice of registration and all other notices and legends to the extent
required by applicable Law and (ii) not do any act or knowingly omit to do any act whereby (x) such
Trademark (or any goodwill associated therewith) or Patent may become destroyed, invalidated, impaired
or harmed in any material respect or (y) any portion of the registered Copyrights owned by such Grantor
may become invalidated, otherwise impaired or fall into the public domain (other than at the end of its
applicable statutory term) or, in each of clauses (i) and (ii) above, other than as would not, in the aggregate,
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
(d) In the event that such Grantor becomes aware that any material Intellectual Property owned
by such Grantor is or has been infringed, misappropriated, violated, diluted or otherwise impaired by a third
party or any material Software owned by such Grantor is or has been misappropriated by any third party,
such Grantor shall take such action, if any, as it reasonably deems appropriate under the circumstances in
11 

response thereto, including, if appropriate (as reasonably determined by such Grantor in good faith),
promptly bringing suit and seeking damages therefor.
Section 4.6 Notice of Commercial Tort Claims. Such Grantor agrees that, if it shall acquire
any interest in any commercial tort claim with a value reasonably expected to exceed 1,000,000 (whether
from another Person or because such commercial tort claim shall have come into existence) for which a
claim has been filed in a court of competent jurisdiction, (i) such Grantor shall, upon obtaining knowledge
of such acquisition or existence, deliver to the Collateral Agent, in each case in form and substance
reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent and within the time period required for taking actions in
respect of after-acquired property under Section 6.12 of the Credit Agreement, a notice of the existence and
nature of such commercial tort claim and a supplement to Schedule 1 containing a description of such
commercial tort claim that is sufficient to identify it for the purposes of granting a Lien under Article 9 of
the UCC, (ii) Section 2.1 shall apply to such commercial tort claim and (iii) such Grantor shall execute and
deliver to the Collateral Agent, in each case in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral
Agent, any document, and take all other action, deemed by the Collateral Agent to be reasonably necessary
for the Collateral Agent to obtain, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, a perfected security interest having
at least the priority set forth in Section 3.2 in all such commercial tort claims, but subject in any event to
the limitations described in Section 4.1(b). Any supplement to Schedule 1 delivered pursuant to this Section
4.6 shall, after the receipt thereof by the Collateral Agent, become part of Schedule 1 for all purposes
hereunder other than in respect of representations and warranties made prior to the date of such receipt.
ARTICLE V.
REMEDIAL PROVISIONS
Section 5.1 Code and Other Remedies.
(a) UCC Remedies. Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default,
the Collateral Agent may exercise, in addition to all other rights and remedies granted to it in this Agreement
and in any other instrument or agreement securing, evidencing or relating to any Secured Obligation, all
rights and remedies of a secured party under the UCC or any other applicable Law.
(b) Disposition of Collateral. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Collateral
Agent may, without demand of performance or other demand, presentment, protest, advertisement or notice
of any kind (except any notice required by law referred to below) to or upon any Grantor or any other
Person (all and each of which demands, defenses, advertisements and notices are hereby waived to the
extent permitted by applicable Law), upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of
Default (personally or through its agents or attorneys), (i) to the extent lawful and permitted enter upon the
premises where any Collateral is located for a reasonable period, without any obligation to pay rent, through
self- help, without judicial process, without first obtaining a final judgment or giving any Grantor or any
other Person notice or opportunity for a hearing on the Collateral Agent s claim or action, (ii) collect,
receive, appropriate and realize upon any Collateral, (iii) with respect to any Collateral consisting of
Intellectual Property, on demand, to cause the Security Interest to become an assignment, transfer and
conveyance of any of or all such Collateral by the applicable Grantor to the Collateral Agent, or to license
or sublicense, whether general, special or otherwise, and whether on an exclusive or nonexclusive basis,
any such Collateral throughout the world on such terms and conditions and in such manner as the Collateral
Agent shall determine (other than in violation of any then-existing licensing arrangements to the extent that
waivers cannot be obtained), and (iv) sell, assign, convey, transfer, grant option or options to purchase and
deliver any Collateral (or enter into Contractual Obligations to do any of the foregoing), in one or more
parcels at public or private sale or sales, at any exchange, broker s board or office of any Secured Party or
elsewhere upon such terms and conditions as it may deem advisable and at such prices as it may deem best,
for cash or on credit or for future delivery without assumption of any credit risk, provided that, to the extent
12 

notice is required by applicable Law, the Collateral Agent shall give such Grantor at least ten (10) days 
prior notice of such disposition (which each Grantor agrees is reasonable notice within the meaning of
Section 9-611 of the UCC or its equivalent in other jurisdictions). The Collateral Agent shall be authorized
at any such sale (if it deems it advisable to do so) to restrict the prospective bidders or purchasers to persons
who will represent and agree that they are purchasing the Collateral for their own account for investment
and not with a view to the distribution or sale thereof, and upon consummation of any such sale the
Collateral Agent shall have the right to assign, transfer and deliver to the purchaser or purchasers thereof
the Collateral so sold. The Collateral Agent shall not be obligated to make any sale of any Collateral if it
shall determine not to do so, regardless of the fact that notice of sale of such Collateral shall have been
given. Any Secured Party shall have the right, upon any such public sale or sales and, to the extent permitted
by the UCC and other applicable Law, upon any such private sale, to purchase the whole or any part of the
Collateral so sold, free of any right or equity of redemption of any Grantor, which right or equity is hereby
waived and released, and may make payment on account thereof by using any claim then due and payable
to such Secured Party from any Grantor as a credit against the purchase price and such Secured Party may,
upon compliance with the terms of sale, hold, retain and dispose of such property without further
accountability to any Grantor therefor. As an alternative to exercising the power of sale herein conferred
upon it, the Collateral Agent may proceed by a suit or suits at law or in equity to foreclose on and to sell
the Collateral or any portion thereof pursuant to a judgment or decree of a court or courts having competent
jurisdiction or pursuant to a proceeding by a court appointed receiver. Any sale pursuant to the provisions
of this Section 6.1(b) shall be deemed to conform to the commercially reasonable standards as provided in
Section 9-610(b) of the UCC or its equivalent in other jurisdictions.
(c) Management of the Collateral. Each Grantor agrees, that, upon the occurrence and during
the continuance of any Event of Default, (i) it shall assemble the Collateral and make it available to the
Collateral Agent at places that the Collateral Agent shall reasonably select, whether at such Grantor s
premises or elsewhere, (ii) without limiting the foregoing, the Collateral Agent also has the right to require
that each Grantor store and keep any Collateral pending further action by the Collateral Agent and, while
any such Collateral is so stored or kept, provide such guards and maintenance services as shall be reasonably
necessary to protect the same and to preserve and maintain such Collateral in good condition, (iii) until the
Collateral Agent is able to sell, assign, convey or transfer any Collateral, the Collateral Agent shall have
the right to hold or use such Collateral to the extent that it deems appropriate for the purpose of preserving
the Collateral or its value or for any other purpose deemed appropriate by the Collateral Agent and (iv) the
Collateral Agent may, if it so elects, seek the appointment of a receiver or keeper to take possession of any
Collateral and to enforce any of the Collateral Agent s remedies (for the benefit of the Secured Parties),
with respect to such appointment without prior notice or hearing as to such appointment. The Collateral
Agent shall not have any obligation to any Grantor to maintain or preserve the rights of any Grantor as
against third parties with respect to any Collateral while such Collateral is in the possession of the Collateral
Agent.
(d) Application of Proceeds. The Collateral Agent shall apply the cash proceeds of any action
taken by it pursuant to this Section 5.1 as set forth in the Credit Agreement, and only after such application
and after the payment by the Collateral Agent of any other amount required by any applicable Law, need
the Collateral Agent account for the surplus, if any, to any Grantor. It is understood and agreed that the
Grantors shall remain jointly and severally liable to the extent of any deficiency between the amount of the
proceeds of the Collateral and the aggregate amount of the Secured Obligations.
(e) Remedies Generally. Neither the Collateral Agent nor any other Secured Party shall be
required to make any demand upon, or pursue or exhaust any right or remedy against, any Grantor or any
other Person with respect to the payment of the Obligations or to pursue or exhaust any right or remedy
with respect to any Collateral therefor. All of the rights and remedies of the Collateral Agent and any other
Secured Party under any Loan Document shall be cumulative, may be exercised individually or
13 

concurrently and not exclusive of any other rights or remedies provided by any applicable Law. To the
extent it may lawfully do so, each Grantor absolutely and irrevocably waives and relinquishes the benefit
and advantage of, and covenants not to assert against the Collateral Agent or any other Secured Party, any
valuation, stay, appraisement, extension, redemption or similar laws and any and all rights or defenses it
may have as a surety, now or hereafter existing, arising out of the exercise by them of any rights hereunder.
If any notice of a proposed sale or other disposition of any Collateral shall be required by law, such notice
shall be deemed reasonable and proper if given at least ten (10) days before such sale or other disposition.
(f) IP Licenses. For the purpose of enabling the Collateral Agent to exercise rights and
remedies under this Section 5.1 and during the continuance of any Event of Default (including in order to
take possession of, collect, receive, assemble, process, appropriate, remove, realize upon, sell, assign,
convey, transfer or grant options to purchase any Collateral), at such time as the Collateral Agent shall be
lawfully entitled to exercise such rights and remedies, each Grantor hereby grants to the Collateral Agent,
for the benefit of the Secured Parties and to the extent of such Grantor s rights therein and to the extent
permitted by the applicable licenses or other agreements related thereto, an irrevocable, nonexclusive,
worldwide license (exercisable only during the continuance of an Event of Default and without payment of
royalty or other compensation to such Grantor) to, use and practice and sublicense any Intellectual Property
included in the Collateral now owned or hereafter acquired by such Grantor, including access to all media
in which any of the licensed items may be recorded or stored and to all Software and programs used for the
compilation or printout thereof (in each case to the extent that such Grantor is permitted to grant such
license and access under the applicable licenses or other agreements related thereto).
(g) Insurance Regulatory Approval. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, any
foreclosure or exercise of remedies with respect to any Collateral (including exercise of voting rights with
respect to, or the transfer of, any Pledged Equity Interests) shall be subject to the prior written consent and
approval of the Applicable Insurance Regulatory Authority to the extent required by applicable Law.
Section 5.2 Accounts and Payments in Respect of General Intangibles.
(a) In addition to, and not in substitution for, any similar requirement in the Credit Agreement,
at any time upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, any payment of accounts
or payment in respect of general intangibles that constitute Collateral, when collected by any Grantor, shall
be promptly (and, in any event, within five (5) Business Days) deposited by such Grantor in the exact form
received, duly indorsed by such Grantor to the Collateral Agent, in a cash collateral account, subject to
withdrawal by the Collateral Agent as provided in Section 5.4.
(b) Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, each Grantor shall remain liable under
each account and each payment in respect of general intangibles to observe and perform all the conditions
and obligations to be observed and performed by it thereunder, all in accordance with the terms of any
agreement giving rise thereto. No Secured Party shall have any obligation or liability under any agreement
giving rise to an account or a payment in respect of a general intangible by reason of or arising out of any
Loan Document or the receipt by any Secured Party of any payment relating thereto, nor shall any Secured
Party be obligated in any manner to perform any obligation of any Grantor under or pursuant to any
agreement giving rise to an account or a payment in respect of a general intangible, to make any payment,
to make any inquiry as to the nature or the sufficiency of any payment received by it or as to the sufficiency
of any performance by any party thereunder, to present or file any claim, to take any action to enforce any
performance or to collect the payment of any amounts that may have been assigned to it or to which it may
be entitled at any time or times.
Section 5.3 Pledged Securities.
14 

(a) Voting Rights. Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default,
the Collateral Agent or its nominee may, upon prior written notice from the Collateral Agent, exercise (i)
any voting, consent, corporate and other right pertaining to the Pledged Securities at any meeting of
shareholders, partners or members, as the case may be, of the relevant issuer or issuers of Pledged Securities
and (ii) any right of conversion, exchange and subscription and any other right, privilege or option
pertaining to the Pledged Securities as if it were the absolute owner thereof (including the right to exchange
at its discretion any Pledged Securities upon the merger, amalgamation, consolidation, reorganization,
recapitalization or other fundamental change in the corporate or equivalent structure of any issuer of
Pledged Equity Interests, the right to deposit and deliver any Pledged Securities with any committee,
depositary, transfer agent, registrar or other designated agency upon such terms and conditions as the
Collateral Agent may determine and the right to cause the Pledged Securities to be registered in the name
of the Collateral Agent (or its nominee or sub-agent)), all without liability except to account for property
actually received by it; provided, however, that the Collateral Agent shall have no duty to any Grantor to
exercise any such right, privilege or option and shall not be responsible for any failure to do so or delay in
so doing.
(b) Proxies. In order to permit the Collateral Agent to exercise the voting and other consensual
rights that it may be entitled to exercise pursuant hereto and to receive all dividends and other distributions
that it may be entitled to receive hereunder, (i) each Grantor shall promptly execute and deliver (or cause
to be executed and delivered) to the Collateral Agent all such proxies, dividend payment orders and other
instruments as the Collateral Agent may from time to time reasonably request in writing and (ii) without
limiting the effect of clause (i) above, such Grantor hereby grants to the Collateral Agent, subject to the
notice requirements of Section 5.3(a), an irrevocable proxy to vote all or any part of the Pledged Securities
and to exercise all other rights, powers, privileges and remedies to which a holder of the Pledged Securities
would be entitled (including giving or withholding written consents of shareholders, partners or members,
as the case may be, calling special meetings of shareholders, partners or members, as the case may be, and
voting at such meetings), which proxy shall be effective subject to the limitations on the exercise thereof
set forth in this Agreement, automatically and without the necessity of any action (including any transfer
of any Pledged Securities on the record books of the issuer thereof) by any other Person (including the
issuer of such Pledged Securities or any officer or agent thereof) provided that the Collateral Agent shall
only be entitled to exercise such proxy upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of
Default and which proxy shall terminate upon the occurrence of the Commitments expiring or being
terminated and all Obligations (other than Obligations under Secured Hedging Agreements, Secured Cash
Management Agreements and contingent obligations for which no claim has been asserted) having been
paid in full.
Section 5.4 Proceeds to be Turned over to and Held by Collateral Agent.
Unless otherwise expressly provided in the Credit Agreement or this Agreement, upon the
occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, all proceeds of any Collateral received by
any Grantor hereunder in cash or cash equivalents shall be held by such Grantor for the benefit of the
Collateral Agent and the other Secured Parties, and shall, promptly upon receipt of notice from the
Collateral Agent by any Grantor, be turned over to the Collateral Agent in the exact form received (with
any necessary endorsement). All such proceeds of Collateral and any other proceeds of any Collateral
received by the Collateral Agent in cash or cash equivalents shall be held by the Collateral Agent in a cash
collateral account. All proceeds being held by the Collateral Agent in a cash collateral account (or by such
Grantor in trust for the Collateral Agent) shall continue to be held as collateral security for the Secured
Obligations and shall not constitute payment thereof until applied as provided in the Credit Agreement.
Section 5.5 Sale of Pledged Securities.
15 

(a) Each Grantor recognizes that the Collateral Agent may be unable to effect a public sale of
any Pledged Securities by reason of certain prohibitions contained in the Securities Act and applicable state
or foreign securities laws or otherwise or may determine that a public sale is impracticable, not desirable
or not commercially reasonable and, accordingly, may resort to one or more private sales thereof to a
restricted group of purchasers that shall be obliged to agree, among other things, to acquire such securities
for their own account for investment and not with a view to the distribution or resale thereof. Each Grantor
acknowledges and agrees that any such private sale may result in prices and other terms less favorable than
if such sale were a public sale and, notwithstanding such circumstances, agrees that any such private sale
shall be deemed to have been made in a commercially reasonable manner. The Collateral Agent shall be
under no obligation to delay a sale of any Pledged Securities for the period of time necessary to permit the
issuer thereof to register such securities for public sale under the Securities Act or under applicable state
securities laws even if such issuer would agree to do so. The Collateral Agent shall incur no responsibility
or liability for selling all or any part of the Pledged Securities at a price that the Collateral Agent, in its sole
and absolute discretion, may deem reasonable under the circumstances, notwithstanding the possibility that
a substantially higher price might have been realized if the sale were deferred until after registration as
aforesaid or if more than a limited number of purchasers (or a single purchaser) were approached. The
provisions of this Section 5.5 will apply notwithstanding the existence of a public or private market upon
which the quotations or sales prices may exceed substantially the price at which the Collateral Agent sells
any Pledged Security.
(b) Each Grantor agrees to use its commercially reasonable efforts to do or cause to be done
all such other acts as may be necessary to make such sale or sales of any portion of the Pledged Securities
pursuant to Section 5.1 and this Section 5.5 valid and binding and in compliance with all applicable Law.
Each Grantor further agrees that a breach of any covenant contained in this Section5.5 will cause
irreparable injury to the Collateral Agent and other Secured Parties, that the Collateral Agent and the other
Secured Parties have no adequate remedy at law in respect of such breach and, as a consequence, that each
and every covenant contained in this Section 5.5 shall be specifically enforceable against such Grantor, and
such Grantor hereby waives and agrees not to assert any defense against an action for specific performance
of such covenants except for a defense that (i) no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing under the
Credit Agreement or (ii) a defense of the occurrence of the Commitments expiring or being terminated and
all Obligations (other than Obligations under Secured Hedging Agreements, Secured Cash Management
Agreements and contingent obligations for which no claim has been asserted) having been paid in full.
Each Grantor waives any and all rights of contribution or subrogation upon the sale or disposition of all or
any portion of the Pledged Securities by Collateral Agent until the occurrence of the Commitments expiring
or having been terminated and all Obligations (other than Obligations under Secured Hedging Agreements,
Secured Cash Management Agreements and contingent obligations for which no claim has been asserted)
having been paid in full.
Section 5.6 Deficiency. Each Grantor shall remain liable for any deficiency if the proceeds of
any sale or other disposition of any Collateral are insufficient to pay the Secured Obligations and the fees
and disbursements of any attorney employed by the Collateral Agent or any other Secured Party to collect
such deficiency.
ARTICLE VI.
THE COLLATERAL AGENT
Section 6.1 Authority of Collateral Agent. Each Grantor acknowledges that the rights and
responsibilities of the Collateral Agent under this Agreement with respect to any action taken by the
Collateral Agent or the exercise or non-exercise by the Collateral Agent of any option, voting right, request,
judgment or other right or remedy provided for herein or resulting or arising out of this Agreement shall,
as between the Collateral Agent and the other Secured Parties, be governed by the Credit Agreement and
16 

by such other agreements with respect thereto as may exist from time to time among them, but, as between
the Collateral Agent and the Grantors, the Collateral Agent shall be conclusively presumed to be acting as
agent for the Secured Parties with full and valid authority so to act or refrain from acting, and no Grantor
shall be under any obligation or have any entitlement to make any inquiry respecting such authority.
Section 6.2 Duty; Obligations and Liabilities.
(a) Each Grantor acknowledges that the rights and responsibilities of the Collateral Agent under
this Agreement with respect to any action taken by the Collateral Agent or the exercise or non-exercise by the
Collateral Agent of any option, voting right, request, judgment or other right or remedy provided for herein or
resulting or arising out of this Agreement shall, as between the Collateral Agent and the other Secured Parties,
be governed by the Credit Agreement and by such other agreements with respect thereto as may exist from time
to time among them, but, as between the Collateral Agent and the Grantors, the Collateral Agent shall be
conclusively presumed to be acting as agent for the Secured Parties with full and valid authority so to act or
refrain from acting, and no Grantor shall be under any obligation or have any entitlement to make any inquiry
respecting such authority.
(b) Each Grantor hereby appoints the Collateral Agent as the attorney-in-fact of such Grantor,
upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, for the purpose of carrying out the
provisions of this Agreement and taking any action and executing any instrument that the Collateral Agent
may deem necessary or advisable to accomplish the purposes hereof, which appointment is irrevocable and
coupled with an interest. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Collateral Agent shall have
the right, upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, with full power of
substitution either in the Collateral Agent s name or in the name of such Grantor (a) to receive, endorse,
assign and/or deliver any and all notes, acceptances, checks, drafts, money orders or other evidences of
payment relating to the Collateral or any part thereof, (b) to demand, collect, receive payment of, give
receipt for and give discharges and releases of all or any of the Collateral, (c) to sign the name of any
Grantor on any invoice or bill of lading relating to any of the Collateral, (d) to send verifications of accounts
receivable to any account debtor, (e) to commence and prosecute any and all suits, actions or proceedings
at law or in equity in any court of competent jurisdiction to collect or otherwise realize on all or any of the
Collateral or to enforce any rights in respect of any Collateral, (f) to settle, compromise or defend any
actions, suits or proceedings relating to all or any of the Collateral, (g) to notify, or to require any Grantor
to notify, account debtors to make payment directly to the Collateral Agent, and (h) to use, sell, assign,
transfer, pledge, make any agreement with respect to or otherwise deal with all or any of the Collateral, and
to do all other acts and things necessary to carry out the purposes of this Agreement in accordance with its
terms, as fully and completely as though the Collateral Agent were the absolute owner of the Collateral for
all purposes; provided, however, that nothing herein contained shall be construed as requiring or obligating
the Collateral Agent to make any commitment or to make any inquiry as to the nature or sufficiency of any
payment received by the Collateral Agent, or to present or file any claim or notice, or to take any action
with respect to the Collateral or any part thereof or the moneys due or to become due in respect thereof or
any property covered thereby. The Collateral Agent and the other Secured Parties shall be accountable only
for amounts actually received as a result of the exercise of the powers granted to them herein, and neither
they nor their officers, directors, employees or agents shall be responsible to any Grantor for any act or
failure to act hereunder, except for their own gross negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith as finally
determined by a court of competent jurisdiction.
(c) Duty of Collateral Agent. The Collateral Agent s sole duty with respect to the custody,
safekeeping and physical preservation of the Collateral in its possession shall be to deal with it in the same
manner as a reasonably prudent Person would deal with similar property for its own account. The powers
conferred on the Collateral Agent hereunder are solely to protect the Collateral Agent s interest in the
Collateral and shall not impose any duty upon the Collateral Agent to exercise any such powers other than
17 

as expressly set forth herein. In addition, the Collateral Agent shall not be liable or responsible for any loss
or damage to any Collateral in its possession, or for any diminution in the value thereof, by reason of the
act or omission of any warehousemen, carrier, forwarding agency, consignee or other bailee if such Person
has been reasonably selected by the Collateral Agent in good faith.
(d) Obligations and Liabilities with respect to Collateral. No Secured Party and no Related
Parties thereof shall be liable for failure to demand, collect or realize upon any Collateral or for any delay
in doing so or shall be under any obligation to sell or otherwise dispose of any Collateral upon the request
of any Grantor or any other Person or to take any other action whatsoever with regard to any Collateral.
The powers conferred on the Collateral Agent hereunder shall not impose any duty upon any other Secured
Party to exercise any such powers. The other Secured Parties shall be accountable only for amounts that
they actually receive as a result of the exercise of such powers, and neither they nor any of their respective
officers, directors, employees or agents shall be responsible to any Grantor for any act or failure to act
hereunder, except for their own gross negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith as finally determined by
a court of competent jurisdiction.
Section 6.3 Registration in Nominee Name; Denominations. If an Event of Default shall have
occurred and be continuing and the Collateral Agent shall have given the Borrower written notice prior to
its intent to exercise the following rights, (a) the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties,
shall have the right (in its sole and absolute discretion) to cause each of the Pledged Securities to be
transferred of record into the name of the Collateral Agent or the name of its nominee (as pledgee or as sub-agent) and (b) the Collateral Agent shall have the right to exchange the certificates representing the Pledged
Securities for certificates of smaller or larger denominations for any purpose consistent with this Agreement
to the extent permitted by the documentation governing such the Pledged Securities.
Section 6.4 Collateral Agent Not a Partner or Limited Liability Company Member. Nothing
contained in this Agreement shall be construed to make the Collateral Agent or any other Secured Party
liable as a member of any limited liability company or as a partner of any partnership and neither the
Collateral Agent nor any other Secured Party by virtue of this Agreement or otherwise (except as referred
to in the following sentence) shall have any of the duties, obligations or liabilities of a member of any
limited liability company or as a partner in any partnership. The parties hereto expressly agree that, unless
the Collateral Agent shall become the absolute owner of Pledged Equity Interests consisting of a limited
liability company interest or a partnership interest pursuant hereto, this Agreement shall not be construed
as creating a partnership or joint venture among the Collateral Agent, any other Secured Party, any Grantor
and/or any other Person.
ARTICLE VII.
MISCELLANEOUS
Section 7.1 Release of Collateral.
(a) Upon the occurrence of a Lien Release Event, the Liens created by this Agreement with
respect to the applicable Collateral of the applicable Grantor(s) shall be automatically released to the extent
provided in Section 9.11(a) of the Credit Agreement, and, in the case of the release of all of the Collateral
granted by any Grantor(s) upon the occurrence of a Guaranty Release Event or if such Grantor is otherwise
released from its obligations under its Guaranty pursuant to the Credit Agreement, all rights obligations of
such Grantor(s) and the Collateral Agent (solely with respect to such Grantor(s)) shall terminate, and in the
case of a release of all of the Collateral of all of the Grantors when the Commitments have expired or been
terminated and all Obligations (other than Obligations under Secured Hedging Agreements, Secured Cash
Management Agreements and contingent obligations for which no claim has been asserted) have been paid
in full, this Agreement shall terminate, all without delivery of any instrument or performance of any act by
18 

any party, and all rights to such Collateral shall automatically revert to the applicable Grantor(s). At the
written request of any Grantor following any such termination, the Collateral Agent shall promptly deliver
to such Grantor any Collateral of such Grantor held by the Collateral Agent hereunder and execute and
deliver to such Grantor such documents or take such actions as such Grantor shall reasonably request to
evidence or effectuate such termination.
(b) If the Collateral Agent shall be directed or permitted pursuant to Section 9.11 of the Credit
Agreement to release any Lien on any Collateral, such Collateral shall be released from the Lien created
hereby to the extent provided under, and subject to the terms and conditions set forth in, such section. In
connection therewith, the Collateral Agent, at the written request of any Grantor, shall execute and deliver
to such Grantor such documents or take such actions as such Grantor shall reasonably request to evidence
or further effectuate such release following the receipt by the Collateral Agent of the Release Certificate in
respect of such release.
(c) At the time provided in Section 9.11 of the Credit Agreement, the applicable Grantor shall
be released from its obligations hereunder; and the Collateral Agent, at the written request of such Grantor,
shall execute and deliver to such Grantor such releases or other documents or take such actions reasonably
requested by such Grantor to evidence or effectuate such release following the receipt by the Collateral
Agent of the Release Certificate in respect of such release.
Any execution and delivery of documents pursuant to this Section 7.1 shall be without recourse to
or warranty by the Collateral Agent.
Section 7.2 Independent Obligations. The obligations of each Grantor hereunder are
independent of and separate from the Secured Obligations. If any Secured Obligation is not paid when due,
or upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default, the Collateral Agent may, at
its sole election, proceed directly and at once, without notice, against any Grantor and any Collateral to
collect and recover the full amount of any Secured Obligation then due, without first proceeding against
any other Grantor or any other Collateral and without first joining any other Grantor in any proceeding.
Section 7.3 No Waiver by Course of Conduct. No Secured Party shall by any act (except by a
written instrument pursuant to Section 7.4), delay, indulgence, omission or otherwise be deemed to have
waived any right or remedy hereunder or to have acquiesced in any Default or Event of Default. No failure
to exercise, nor any delay in exercising, on the part of any Secured Party, any right, power or privilege
hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof. No single or partial exercise of any right, power or privilege
hereunder shall preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or
privilege. A waiver by any Secured Party of any right or remedy hereunder on any one occasion shall not
be construed as a bar to any right or remedy that such Secured Party would otherwise have on any future
occasion. The rights, remedies, powers and privileges herein provided, and provided under each other Loan
Document, are cumulative and independent of any rights, remedies, powers and privileges provided by
Law. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the making of any Loan, the provision of any Cash
Management Services or the provision of services under any Secured Hedging Agreement shall not be
construed as a waiver of any Default or Event of Default, regardless of whether the Collateral Agent or any
other Secured Party may have had notice or knowledge of such Default or Event of Default at the time.
Section 7.4 Amendments in Writing. None of the terms or provisions of this Agreement may
be waived, amended, supplemented or otherwise modified except in accordance with Section 10.01 of the
Credit Agreement; provided, however, that schedules and annexes to this Agreement may be supplemented
(but no existing provisions may be modified and no Collateral may be released) through Joinders to Security
Agreement, in substantially the form of Annex 1, in each case duly executed by the Collateral Agent and
each Grantor directly affected thereby.
19 

Section 7.5 Additional Grantors. If, at the option of the Borrower or as required pursuant to
Section 6.12 of the Credit Agreement, the Borrower shall cause any Subsidiary of the Borrower that is not
a Grantor to become a Grantor hereunder, such Subsidiary shall execute and deliver to the Collateral Agent
a Joinder to Security Agreement substantially in the form of Annex 1 and shall thereafter for all purposes
be a party hereto and have the same rights, benefits and obligations as a Grantor party hereto on the Effective
Date. The rights and obligations of each Grantor hereunder shall remain in full force and effect
notwithstanding the addition of any new Grantor as a party to this Agreement.
Section 7.6 Notices. All notices, requests and demands to or upon the Collateral Agent or any
Grantor hereunder shall be effected in the manner provided for in Section 10.02 of the Credit Agreement;
provided, however, that any such notice, request or demand to or upon any Grantor shall be addressed to
the Borrower s notice address set forth in Schedule 10.02 of the Credit Agreement.
Section 7.7 Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon the successors and
assigns of each Grantor and shall inure to the benefit of each Secured Party and their successors and
permitted assigns; provided, however, that no Grantor may assign, transfer or delegate any of its rights or
obligations under this Agreement without the prior written consent of the Collateral Agent.
Section 7.8 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts (and by different
parties hereto in different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when
taken together shall constitute a single contract. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of
this Agreement by telecopy or other electronic imaging means (e.g. pdf or tif shall be effective as
delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement. This Agreement and the other Loan
Documents constitute the entire contract among the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and
supersede any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the subject matter
hereof. The words execution, execute, signed, signature, and words of like import in or related to
this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be deemed to include electronic signatures,
which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature to the
extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and
National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar
state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act.
Section 7.9 Severability. Any provision of this Agreement being held illegal, invalid or
unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall not affect any part of such provision not held illegal, invalid or
unenforceable, any other provision of this Agreement or any part of such provision in any other jurisdiction.
Section 7.10 Governing Law. This Agreement and the rights and obligations of the parties
hereto shall be governed by, and construed and interpreted in accordance with, the law of the State of New
York.
Section 7.11 Jurisdiction, Etc.; Waiver of Jury Trial. EACH GRANTOR AGREES TO BE
BOUND BY THE PROVISIONS OF SECTIONS 10.14(b), 10.14(c), 10.14(d) and 10.15 OF THE CREDIT
AGREEMENT.
Section 7.12 Security Interest Absolute. All rights of the Collateral Agent hereunder, the pledge
of the Pledged Securities, the grant of a security interest in the Collateral and all obligations of each Grantor
hereunder shall, until such time as such Grantor is released from its obligations in accordance with the Loan
Documents, when the Commitments have expired or been terminated and all Obligations (other than
Obligations under Secured Hedging Agreements, Secured Cash Management Agreements and contingent
obligations for which no claim has been asserted) have been paid in full, be absolute and unconditional
irrespective of (a) any lack of validity or enforceability of the Credit Agreement, any other Loan Document,
20 

any agreement with respect to any of the Secured Obligations or any other agreement or instrument relating
to any of the foregoing, (b) any change in the time, manner or place of payment of, or in any other term of,
all or any of the Secured Obligations, or any other amendment or waiver of or any consent to any departure
from the Credit Agreement, any other Loan Document or any other agreement or instrument relating to the
foregoing, (c) any exchange, release or non-perfection of any Lien on other collateral, or any release or
amendment or waiver of or consent under or departure from any guarantee, securing or guaranteeing all or
any of the Secured Obligations, or (d) any other circumstance that might otherwise constitute a defense
available to, or a discharge of, any Grantor in respect of the Secured Obligations or this Agreement.
Section 7.13 Survival of Representations and Warranties. Each Grantor agrees to be bound by
the provisions of Section 10.11 of the Credit Agreement solely in respect of the representations and
warranties made by such Grantor hereunder or under any other Loan Document (if applicable).
Section 7.14 Mortgages. In the event that any of the Collateral hereunder is also subject to a
valid and enforceable Lien under the terms of a Mortgage (if any) and the terms thereof are inconsistent
with the terms of this Agreement, then with respect to such Collateral, the terms of such Mortgage shall
control in the case of fixtures and real property leases, letting and licenses of, and contracts, and agreements
relating to the lease of, real property, and the terms of this Agreement shall control in the case of all other
Collateral.
[SIGNATURE PAGES FOLLOW]
21 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the undersigned has caused this Security Agreement to be duly
executed and delivered as of the date first above written.
GRANTOR:
MIDWEST HOLDING INC.
By:
Name:
Title:
[Signature Page to Security Agreement] 

[Signature Page to Security Agreement]
ACKNOWLEDGED AND AGREED:
ROYAL BANK OF CANADA,
as Collateral Agent
By:
Name:
Title: 

ANNEX 1 TO
SECURITY AGREEMENT
FORM OF JOINDER TO SECURITY AGREEMENT
This JOINDER TO SECURITY AGREEMENT, dated as of [ ], 20[ ], is delivered pursuant to
Section 7.5 of the Security Agreement, dated as of November 22, 2022, by Midwest Holding Inc., a
Delaware corporation (the Borrower ), each of the other entities that becomes a party thereto pursuant to
Section 7.5 thereof (collectively, with the Borrower, the Grantors ), Royal Bank of Canada, as collateral
agent and collateral agent (in such capacities, together with its successors and permitted assigns, the
 Collateral Agent for the Lenders and each other Secured Party (as such agreement may be amended,
restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Security
Agreement ). Capitalized terms used herein without definition are used as defined in the Security
Agreement.
By executing and delivering this Joinder to Security Agreement, the undersigned, as provided in
Section 7.5 of the Security Agreement, hereby (a) becomes a party to the Security Agreement as a Grantor
thereunder with the same force and effect as if originally named as a Grantor therein, (b) without limiting
the generality of the foregoing, as collateral security for the prompt and complete payment when due
(whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise) of the Secured Obligations, (i) mortgages, pledges
and hypothecates to the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties, and (ii) grants to the
Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties, a lien on and security interest in, all of its right, title
and interest in, to and under the Collateral (for the avoidance of doubt, in each case, other than Excluded
Property) of the undersigned and (c) expressly assumes all obligations and liabilities of a Grantor
thereunder. The undersigned hereby agrees to be bound as a Grantor for the purposes of the Security
Agreement.
The information set forth in Annex 1-A to this Joinder to Security Agreement is hereby added to
the respective information set forth in Schedules 1 through 6 to the Security Agreement. By acknowledging
and agreeing to this Joinder to Security Agreement, the undersigned hereby agrees that this Joinder to
Security Agreement may be attached to the Security Agreement and that the Collateral listed on Annex 1-
A to this Joinder Amendment shall be and become part of the Collateral referred to in the Security
Agreement and shall secure all Secured Obligations of the undersigned.
The undersigned hereby represents and warrants that each of the representations and warranties
contained in Article III of the Security Agreement applicable to it is true and correct in all material respects
on and as of the date hereof as if made on and as of such date (or (A) if any such representation or warranty
is expressly stated to have been made as of a specific date, as of such specific date and (B) in the case of
those representations and warranties which are qualified by material or Material Adverse Effect , such
representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all respects).
This Joinder to Security Agreement shall be governed by, and construed and interpreted in
accordance with, the law of the State of New York. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, THE UNDERSIGNED HAS CAUSED THIS JOINDER TO
SECURITY AGREEMENT TO BE DULY EXECUTED AND DELIVERED AS OF THE DATE FIRST
ABOVE WRITTEN.
[Additional Grantor]
By:
Name:
Title:
[Signature Page to Joinder to Security Agreement] 

ACKNOWLEDGED AND AGREED
as of the date first above written:
ROYAL BANK OF CANADA,
as Collateral Agent
By:
Name:
Title:
[Signature Page to Joinder to Security Agreement] 

ANNEX 2 TO
SECURITY AGREEMENT
FORM OF [COPYRIGHT] [PATENT] [TRADEMARK] SECURITY AGREEMENT1
THIS [COPYRIGHT] [PATENT] [TRADEMARK] SECURITY AGREEMENT, dated as of
__________ __, 20__, is made by [GRANTOR] (the Grantor ), in favor of Royal Bank of Canada, as
administrative agent and collateral agent (in such capacities, together with its successors and permitted
assigns, the Collateral Agent for the Lenders (as defined in the Credit Agreement referred to below) and
the other Secured Parties.
W I T N E S E T H:
WHEREAS, pursuant to the Credit Agreement, dated as of November 22, 2022 (as the same may
be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement ),
among Midwest Holding Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Borrower ), the Lenders from time to time
party thereto and the Collateral Agent, the Lenders have severally agreed to make extensions of credit to
the Borrower upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth therein;
WHEREAS, Grantor is a party to the Security Agreement pursuant to which Grantor is required to
execute and deliver this [Copyright] [Patent] [Trademark] Security Agreement.
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and to induce the Lenders and the Collateral
Agent to enter into the Credit Agreement and to induce the Lenders to make their respective extensions of
credit to [Grantor] [the Borrower] thereunder, Grantor hereby agrees with the Collateral Agent as follows:
Section 1. Defined Terms. Capitalized terms used herein without definition are used as defined in the
Security Agreement.
Section 2. Grant of Security Interest in [Copyright] [Trademark] [Patent] Collateral. Grantor, as
collateral security for the prompt and complete payment and performance when due (whether at stated
maturity, by acceleration or otherwise) of the Secured Obligations of Grantor, hereby grants to the
Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties a Lien on and security interest in, all of its right, title
and interest in, to and under the following Collateral (for the avoidance of doubt, in each case, other than
Excluded Property) of such Grantor (the [Copyright] [Patent] [Trademark] Collateral ):
(a) [all of its registrations and applications for registration for United States Copyrights,
including, without limitation, those referred to on Schedule 1 hereto;
(b) all renewals, reversions and extensions of the foregoing;
(c) all licenses for registered or applied-for United States Copyrights, pursuant to which
Grantor is an exclusive licensee thereunder; and
(d) all income, royalties, proceeds, claims, actions and suits at any time due or payable or
asserted under and with respect to any of the foregoing, including, without limitation, all
1 Separate agreements should be executed relating to each Grantor s respective Copyrights, Patents, and
Trademarks. 

rights to sue and recover at law or in equity for any past, present and future infringement,
violation or other impairment thereof.]
or
(a) [all of its United States Patents, including, without limitation, those referred to on
Schedule 1 hereto;
(b) all reissues, reexaminations, continuations, continuations-in-part, divisionals, renewals and
extensions of the foregoing; and
(c) all income, royalties, proceeds, claims, actions and suits at any time due or payable or
asserted under and with respect to any of the foregoing, including, without limitation, all
rights to sue and recover at law or in equity for any past, present and future infringement,
violation or other impairment thereof.]
or
(a) [all of its registrations and applications for registration for United States Trademarks
included in the Collateral, including, without limitation, those referred to on Schedule 1
hereto;
(b) all renewals and extensions of the foregoing;
(c) all goodwill of the business connected with the use of, and symbolized by, each such
Trademark; and
(d) all income, royalties, proceeds, claims, actions and suits at any time due or payable or
asserted under and with respect to any of the foregoing, including, without limitation, all
rights to sue and recover at law or in equity for any past, present and future infringement,
misappropriation, dilution, violation or other impairment thereof.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, there shall be no Lien on or security interest granted or pledged by any
Grantor in any Trademark application that is filed on an intent-to-use basis prior to the filing and
acceptance of a Statement of Use or Amendment to Allege Use with respect thereto.]
Section 3. Security Agreement. The security interest granted pursuant to this [Copyright] [Patent]
[Trademark] Security Agreement is granted in conjunction with the security interest granted to the
Collateral Agent pursuant to the Security Agreement and Grantor hereby acknowledges and agrees that the
rights and remedies of the Collateral Agent with respect to the security interest in the [Copyright] [Patent]
[Trademark] Collateral made and granted hereby are more fully set forth in the Security Agreement. In the
event that any provision of this [Copyright] [Patent] [Trademark] Security Agreement is deemed to conflict
with the Security Agreement, the provisions of the Security Agreement shall control.
Section 4. Counterparts. This [Copyright] [Patent] [Trademark] Security Agreement may be
executed (including by electronic signature) in any number of counterparts and by different parties in
separate counterparts, each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original and all of which
taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement. Signature pages may be detached from multiple
separate counterparts and attached to a single counterpart. 

Section 5. Governing Law. This [Copyright] [Patent] [Trademark] Security Agreement and the rights
and obligations of the parties hereto shall be governed by, and construed and interpreted in accordance with,
the law of the State of New York.
[SIGNATURE PAGES FOLLOW] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Grantor has caused this [Copyright] [Patent] [Trademark] Security
Agreement to be executed and delivered by its duly authorized officer as of the date first set forth above.
[GRANTOR]
as Grantor
By:
Name:
Title:
[SIGNATURE PAGE TO [COPYRIGHT] [PATENT] [TRADEMARK] SECURITY AGREEMENT] 

ACCEPTED AND AGREED
as of the date first above written:
ROYAL BANK OF CANADA,
as Collateral Agent
By:
Name:
Title:
[SIGNATURE PAGE TO [COPYRIGHT] [PATENT] [TRADEMARK] SECURITY AGREEMENT] 

Schedule 1
[Copyright] [Patent] [Trademark] Registrations and Applications 

Schedules to Security Agreement
Schedule 1
Commercial Tort Claims
None. 

Schedule 2
Filing Offices
Grantor Address
Midwest Holding Inc. Delaware 

Schedule 3
Jurisdiction of Organization; Chief Executive Office
Legal Name Jurisdiction Organizational
Identification
Number
Chief Executive Office Acquired Entities/
 All Assets 
Within Last 5
Years
Midwest
Holding Inc. Delaware
DE File #:
3462332
2900 S 70th St Suite 400
Lincoln, NE 68506
1505 Capital
LLC 

Schedule 4
Locations of Collateral
Grantor Collateral Location Address
Midwest Holding Inc.
2900 S 70th St Suite 400
Lincoln, NE 68506 

Schedule 5
Pledged Equity Interest
None. 

Schedule 6
Intellectual Property
Copyrights:
None.
Patents:
None.
Trademarks:
None. 

EXHIBIT I
Form of Perfection Certificate
(See attached.) 

PERFECTION CERTIFICATE
November 22, 2022
This Perfection Certificate is delivered in accordance with (i) that certain Credit
Agreement, dated as of the date hereof (the Credit Agreement ), by and among Midwest Holding
Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Borrower ), the Lenders, and Royal Bank of Canada, as
Administrative Agent and as Collateral Agent, and (ii) that certain Security Agreement, dated as
of the date hereof (the Security Agreement ), by and among the Borrower and the Collateral
Agent. Terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings assigned thereto in the Credit
Agreement or Security Agreement, as applicable.
The undersigned (the Responsible Officer of the Borrower) hereby certifies, as an officer
of the Borrower and not in an individual capacity and without personal liability, to the Collateral
Agent and each other Secured Party, as of the date hereof, as follows:
I. CURRENT INFORMATION
A. Legal Names, Organizations, Jurisdictions of Organization and
Organizational Identification Numbers. The exact legal name (as it appears in each respective
certificate or articles of incorporation, certificate of formation or similar organizational
document(s), in each case as amended to date), the type of organization, the jurisdiction of
organization and the organizational identification number and the tax identification number of the
Borrower is as set forth on Schedule IA.
B. Addresses.
1. Chief Executive Offices and Mailing Addresses. The chief executive office
address and the preferred mailing address (if different than the chief executive office) of the
Borrower is as set forth on Schedule IB1.
C. Special Debtors and Former Article 9 Debtors. Except as specifically identified
below, the Borrower is not: (i) a transmitting utility (as defined in Section 9-102(a)(80)), (ii)
primarily engaged in farming operations (as defined in Section 9-102(a)(35)), (iii) a trust, (iv) a
foreign air carrier within the meaning of the federal aviation act of 1958, as amended, (v) a branch
or agency of a bank which bank is not organized under the law of the United States or any state
thereof or (vi) located (within the meaning of Section 9-307) in the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico.
All references in this Section C to Section are to sections of the New York Uniform Commercial
Code, as in effect on the date hereof.
D. Acquisitions of Equity Interests or Assets. Except as set forth on Schedule ID
hereto, the Borrower has not acquired the equity interests of another entity or substantially all the
assets of another entity within the five (5) years preceding the date hereof. 

E. Corporate Ownership and Organizational Structure. Attached as Schedule IE
hereto is a true and correct chart showing the ownership relationship of Borrower and its
Subsidiaries.
II. INFORMATION REGARDING CERTAIN COLLATERAL
A. Investment Related Property.
1. Equity Interests. Attached as Schedule IIA1 hereto is a true and correct list
of all Equity Interests (other than Excluded Equity) owned by the Borrower together with the type
of organization which issued such equity interests (e.g. corporation, limited liability company,
partnership or trust) and the certificate number thereof (if certificated).
2. Debt Securities Instruments. Attached as Schedule IIA2 hereto is a true
and correct list of all debt securities and instruments owed to the Borrower (other than checks to
be deposited in the ordinary course of business and any intercompany indebtedness) with an
aggregate principal amount in excess of 1,000,000 and required to be delivered to the
Administrative Agent under the Security Agreement, and to the extent applicable, specifying the
creditor and debtor thereunder and the outstanding principal amount thereof.
B. Intellectual Property. Set forth on Schedule IIB is a true and correct list of US
registered Patents, Trademarks and Copyrights or applications therefore, in each case held by the
Borrower.
C. Real Estate Related UCC Collateral.
1. Attached as Schedule IIC1 hereto is a list of all real property owned by the
Borrower located in the United States having a book value on the Effective Date of greater than
 5,000,000.
2. As Extracted Collateral. Set forth below are all the locations where the
Borrower owns, leases or has an interest in any wellhead or minehead:
3. Timber to be Cut. Set forth below are all locations where the Borrower
owns goods that are timber to be cut:
D. Commercial Tort Claims. Set forth below is a list of all Commercial Tort Claims
in excess of 1,000,000 held by the Borrower, including a brief description thereof.
[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK] 

[SIGNATURE PAGE TO PERFECTION CERTIFICATE]
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned hereto has caused this Certificate to be
executed as of the date first written above by its officer thereunto duly authorized.
MIDWEST HOLDING INC.
By:
Name:
Title: 

SCHEDULE IA
LEGAL NAMES, ORGANIZATIONS, JURISDICTIONS OF ORGANIZATION,
ORGANIZATIONAL IDENTIFICATION NUMBERS, ETC.
Grantor Type of Entity
Jurisdiction of
Organization
Federal Taxpayer
ID Number
Organizational
I.D. #
Midwest Holding Inc. Corporation Delaware 20-0362426 DE File #:
3462332 

SCHEDULE IB1
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICES AND MAILING ADDRESSES
Grantor Address of Chief Executive Office (and
Preferred Mailing Address, if Different)
Midwest Holding Inc. 2900 S 70th St Suite 400
Lincoln, NE 68506 

SCHEDULE ID
RECENT ACQUISITIONS
Entity Midwest Ownership Percentage Date of Acquisition
1505 Capital LLC 100 51 - 4/2/2019
49 - 6/12/2020 

SCHEDULE IE
ORGANIZATIONAL STRUCTURE
See attached. 

Midwest Capital Corp.
(DE)
Midwest Holding Inc.
(DE)
1505
Capital
LLC
(DE)
Investment Adviser
American Life Security
Corp. (ALSC)
(NE)
Seneca
Reinsurance
Company LLC
(VT)
100 100 100 
100 
Class B
Voting
Shares
Insurance Carrier Captive Sponsor
30 
Class B
Non-Voting
Interests
100 
Class B
Non-Voting
Interests
SRC1
(Orix
managed)
SRC3
(1505
managed)
100 
Class A
Voting
Interests
MWH Entity Ownership Structure Chart 2022
Square/Rectangle: Corp.
Triangle: LLC, LP
Legend
Ownership in LLCs shown as interests
Ownership in Corporations shown as shares
100 
Class A Voting
Interests
SRC4
(CoVenture
managed)
100 
Class A
Voting
Interests 

SCHEDULE IIA1
EQUITY INTERESTS
None. 

SCHEDULE IIA2
DEBT SECURITIES INSTRUMENTS
None. 

SCHEDULE IIB
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
None. 

SCHEDULE IIC1
CERTAIN MATERIAL OWNED REAL PROPERTY
None. 

EXHIBIT J
Form of Notice of Prepayment
[DATE]
37
Royal Bank of Canada, as Administrative Agent
for the Lenders party to the Credit Agreement
referred to below
155 Wellington Street W.
Toronto, ON M5V 3k7 8th Floor
Ladies and Gentlemen:
Reference is made to that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of November 22, 2022 (the Credit
Agreement ), among MIDWEST HOLDING INC., a Delaware corporation (the Borrower ), the Lenders, and
ROYAL BANK OF CANADA, as administrative agent (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent and collateral
agent. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Credit
Agreement.
The Borrower hereby notifies the Administrative Agent, pursuant to Section 2.03 of the Credit
Agreement, of the following optional prepayment (collectively, the Prepayment to be made on the terms stated
below:
1. The Prepayment shall be made on the following date: [_____].
2. The principal amount of such Prepayment shall be: [_____].38
3. The Prepayment shall apply to the following Loans: [_____].39
4. [The Prepayment shall be conditioned upon the occurrence of [_____].40 If such condition[s]
[is][are] not satisfied, the Borrower may revoke this notice by delivering notice of such revocation to the
Administrative Agent at any time on or prior to the date of the Prepayment specified above.]
[Signature page follows]
37 To be delivered not later than 11:00 a.m. (A) three Business Days prior to any date of prepayment of Term Benchmark Loans
and (B) on the date of prepayment of Base Rate Loans.
38 AnyPrepayment of (A) Term Benchmark Loans shall be in a principal amount of 1,000,000 or a whole multiple of 1,000,000
in excess thereof and (B) Base Rate Loans shall be in a principal amount of 500,000 or a whole multiple of 100,000 in excess
thereof or, in each case, if less, the entire principal amount thereof then outstanding.
39
Include a description of what Type(s) of Loans to be prepaid, including the Interest Period(s) of any Term Benchmark Loans
to be prepaid.
40 The Prepayment may be conditioned upon the occurrence of one or more events.
J-1
Form of Notice of Prepayment 

EXHIBIT J
J-2
Form of Notice of Prepayment
MIDWEST HOLDING INC.,
as Borrower
By:
Name:
Title: 

</EX-10.34>

<EX-14.1>
 3
 mdwt-20221231xex14d1.htm
 EX-14.1

Exhibit 14.1 CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT AND ETHICS As Revised November 9, 2022 
 Purpose This Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (the Code for Midwest Holding Inc. and its subsidiaries (hereinafter collectively referred to as the Company provides a general statement of the Company s expectations regarding the ethical standards to which each director, officer and employee of the Company should adhere while acting on behalf of the Company. The Company is committed to compliance with applicable laws and regulations and to operating in accordance with the highest standards of business conduct. In some instances, the guidelines and standards of this Code go beyond the requirements of applicable law. Each director, officer and employee is expected to read, become familiar with and adhere to the ethical standards described in this Code. The Code is not intended to be a comprehensive rulebook and does not address every situation that may be encountered in the conduct of the Company s business. Additional guidance on matters addressed in this Code may also be found in topic-specific Company policies or guidelines. Directors, officers and employees who have questions about how to interpret or apply the Code should seek guidance from the Company s General Counsel. Administration The Company s Board of Directors (the Board is responsible for setting the standards of business conduct contained in this Code and updating these standards as it deems appropriate to reflect changes in the legal and regulatory framework applicable to the Company, the business practices within the Company s industry, the Company s own business practices and the prevailing ethical standards of the communities in which the Company operates. While the General Counsel will oversee the procedures designed to implement this Code to ensure that they are operating effectively, it is the individual responsibility of each director, officer and employee of the Company to comply with this Code. Compliance with Laws, Rules and Regulations The Company will comply with all laws and governmental regulations that are applicable to the Company s activities, and expects that all directors, officers and employees acting on behalf of the Company will obey the law. Specifically, the Company is committed to: maintaining a safe and healthy work environment promoting a workplace that is free from discrimination or harassment based on race, color, religion, sex or other factors that are unrelated to the Company s business interests; supporting fair competition and laws prohibiting restraints of trade and other unfair trade practices; conducting its activities in full compliance with all applicable environmental laws; keeping the political activities of the Company s directors, officers and employees separate from the Company s business; prohibiting any illegal payments to any government officials or political party representatives of any country; and complying with all applicable state and federal securities laws. Consistent with the Company s Insider Trading Policy, directors, officers and employees are prohibited from illegally trading the Company s securities while in possession of material, nonpublic inside information about the Company. 
 MIDWEST 11/22 

Guidelines for the Conduct of Directors Each director should seek to use due care in the performance of his or her duties, be loyal to the Company and act in good faith and in a manner the director reasonably believes to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company. A director should: use reasonable efforts to regularly attend meetings of the respective Board of Directors (the Board and their committee meetings; dedicate sufficient time, energy and attention to the Company to ensure diligent performance of his or her duties, including preparing for meetings and decision-making by reviewing in advance any materials distributed and making reasonable inquiries; be aware of and seek to fulfill his or her duties and responsibilities as set forth in the Company s Articles of Incorporation, Bylaws and other corporate governance guidelines; and seek to comply with all applicable laws, regulations, confidentiality obligations and corporate policies. Conflicts of Interest A conflict of interest occurs when an individual s private interests interfere in any way, or even appear to interfere, with the interests of the Company as a whole. A conflict situation can arise when a director, officer or employee takes actions or has interests that can make it difficult to perform his or her Company work objectively and effectively. Conflicts of interest also arise when a director, officer or employee, or a member of his or her family, receives improper personal benefits as a result of his or her position in the Company. Directors, officers and employees should not be involved in any activity which creates or gives the appearance of a conflict of interest between their personal interests and those of the Company. Unless properly disclosed to and approved by the Board, no director, officer or employee shall: be a consultant to, or a director, officer or employee of, or otherwise operate an outside business: 
 o that markets products or services in competition with the Company s current or potential products and services; o that supplies products or services to the Company; or o that purchases products or services from the Company; 
 have any financial interest, including stock ownership, in any such outside business that might create or give the appearance of a conflict of interest; seek or accept any personal loan or services from any such outside business, except from financial institutions or service providers offering similar loans or services to third parties under similar terms in the ordinary course of their respective businesses; be a consultant to, or a director, officer or employee of, or otherwise operate an outside business if the demands of the outside business would interfere with the responsibilities of the director, officer or employee with the Company; accept any personal loan or guarantee of obligations from the Company, except to the extent such arrangements are legally permissible; conduct business on behalf of the Company with immediate family members, which include spouses, children, parents, siblings and persons sharing the same home whether or not legal relatives, who are not directors, officers or employees of the Company; or use the Company s property, information or position for personal gain. Directors, officers and employees shall notify their respective ethics officer (each, an Ethics Officer of the existence of any actual or potential conflict of interest. The notice shall describe the nature of the conflict and all facts known to the individual reporting the conflict that may be material to an understanding of the conflict. For directors, the Ethics Officer is the Chair of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee; for officers, employees and others, it is the General Counsel. If, in either case, it would be inappropriate to present this conflict to the designated Ethics 
 MIDWEST 11/22 pg. 2 

Officer, the Board Chair may serve as an Ethics Officer. The individual may continue in the position giving rise to the conflict only with the approval of the Board. Any director with an actual or potential conflict of interest must recuse himself or herself from any and all deliberations, and must abstain from any vote, relating to the source of the conflict. In addition, directors must obtain approval from the entire Board (with interested directors recusing themselves and abstaining) prior to accepting any position to serve on a board of directors, an advisory board or a committee of any other entity. This approval must be obtained both initially and prior to the individual s acceptance of each re-nomination, re-election and/or re- appointment to such position. The Board may at any time rescind prior approvals to avoid a conflict or appearance of a conflict of interest for any reason deemed to be in the best interests of the Company. The prior approval of the entire Board is not required, however, for membership on boards of charitable or community organizations, so long as such service does not constitute an actual conflict of interest or otherwise conflict or interfere with a director s duties to the Company and does not reflect negatively on the Company. In addition to the foregoing, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee (or, in the absence of such a committee, the Board as a whole) shall consider all actual and potential conflicts of interest of potential nominees for director on an annual basis prior to making any recommendation in favor of the election or re-election of such potential nominees. Prior to making any recommendations for election or re-election to the Board, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee (or, in the absence of such a committee, the Board as a whole) shall solicit from each potential nominee a conflict-of-interest questionnaire and shall consider the responses provided in such questionnaire. In the event that the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee (or, in the absence of such a committee, the Board as a whole) determines that the matters disclosed in the questionnaire are reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on a potential nominee s ability to make decisions based on the Company s best interests without outside influences, such potential nominee shall not be recommended for election or re-election to the Board. Related Person Transactions The Company recognizes that Related Person Transactions (as defined below) may present potential or actual conflicts of interest and create the appearance that Company decisions are based on considerations other than the best interests of the Company and its stockholders. Accordingly, as a general matter, the Company prefers to avoid Related Person Transactions. The Company recognizes, however, that certain situations may arise whereby Related Person Transactions may not be deemed inconsistent with the best interests of the Company or its stockholders. The Company s policy is that all Related Person Transactions shall be reviewed and approved or ratified by the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of the Board. For the purposes of the Code, a Related Person Transaction is a transaction, arrangement or relationship (or any series of similar transactions, arrangements or relationships) in which the Company (including any of its subsidiaries) was, is or will be a participant and in which any Related Person had, has or will have a direct or indirect interest. For purposes of the Code, a Related Person means: Any person who is, or at any time since the beginning of the Company s last fiscal year was, a director, officer or employee of the Company or a nominee to become a director of the Company; Any person who is known to be the beneficial owner of more than five percent (5 of any class of the Company s voting securities; Any immediate family member of any of the foregoing persons, including any child, stepchild, parent, stepparent, spouse, sibling, mother-in-law, father-in-law, son-in-law, daughter-in-law, brother-in-law or sister- in-law of the director, officer, employee, director nominee or more than five percent (5 beneficial owner, and 
 
 MIDWEST 11/22 pg. 3 

any person (other than a tenant or employee) sharing the household of such director, officer, employee, director nominee or more than five percent (5 beneficial owner; and Any firm, corporation or other entity in which any of the foregoing persons is employed or is a partner or principal or in a similar position or in which such person has a beneficial ownership interest. Related Person Transactions that are identified as such prior to the consummation thereof or amendment thereto shall be consummated or amended only after the following steps have been completed: Prior to entering into the Related Person Transaction (a) the Related Person, or (b) the director, officer, employee, director nominee or beneficial owner who is an immediate family member of the Related Person shall provide notice to the appropriate Ethics Officer of the facts and circumstances of the proposed Related Person Transaction, including: (i) the Related Person s relationship to the Company and interest in the transaction; (ii) the material facts of the proposed Related Person Transaction, including the proposed aggregate value of such transaction or, in the case of indebtedness, the amount of principal that would be involved; (iii) the benefits to the Company of the proposed Related Person Transaction; (iv) if applicable, the availability of other sources of comparable products or services; and (v) an assessment of whether the proposed Related Person Transaction is on terms that are comparable to the terms available to an unrelated third party or to employees generally. If the Ethics Officer determines that the proposed transaction is a Related Person Transaction, the proposed Related Person Transaction shall be submitted to the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee for consideration at the next Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee meeting or, in those instances in which the Ethics Officer determines that it is not practicable or desirable for the Company to wait until the next Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee meeting, the Chair of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee may make the required determination. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, or where submitted to the Chair of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, its Chair, shall consider all of the relevant facts and circumstances available to the Committee or the Committee Chair, including (if applicable) but not limited to: the benefits to the Company; the impact on a director s independence in the event the Related Person is a director, an immediate family member of a director or an entity in which a director is a partner, stockholder or officer; the availability of other sources for comparable products or services; the terms of the transaction; and the terms available to unrelated third parties or to employees generally. No member of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee shall participate in any review, consideration or approval of any Related Person Transaction with respect to which such member or any member of his or her immediate family is the Related Person. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee (or the Chair of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, as applicable) shall approve only those Related Person Transactions that are in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders, as the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee (or its Chair, as applicable) determines in good faith. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee or its Chair, as applicable, shall convey the decision to the Ethics Officer, who shall share the decision with the appropriate persons within the Company. If a potential Related Party Transaction is pending, ongoing or completed, it shall be submitted promptly to the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee for the same evaluation. The Chair of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee shall report to the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee at the next Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee meeting any actions taken under this policy pursuant to his or her delegated authority. 
 Corporate Opportunities Directors, officers and employees owe a duty to the Company to advance its legitimate interests when the opportunity to do so arises. Accordingly, directors, officers and employees are prohibited from: 
 MIDWEST 11/22 pg. 4 

taking for themselves opportunities that are discovered through the use of Company property, information or positions; using Company property, information or positions for personal gain; or competing with the Company. 
 In general, and except as provided elsewhere in this Code or in the Company s Employee Handbook, a director, officer or employee may engage in business so long as he or she does not preempt or seize a corporate business opportunity. A corporate business opportunity is (1) an opportunity in the Company s line of business or proposed expansion or diversification of that line of business, (2) which the Company is financially able to undertake and (3) which may be of interest to the Company. A director who learns of such a corporate business opportunity and who wishes to participate in it, directly or indirectly, must first disclose the opportunity to the Board. If the Board determines that the Company does not have an actual or expected interest in the opportunity, then, and only then, may the individual participate in it, provided that the individual has not wrongfully utilized the Company s resources in order to acquire the opportunity. Confidentiality Directors, officers and employees shall maintain the confidentiality of all information entrusted to them by the Company or its suppliers, customers or other business partners, except when disclosure is authorized by the Company or legally required. Confidential information includes (1) information marked Confidential , Private , For Internal Use Only or similar legends; (2) technical information relating to current and future products, services or research; (3) business or marketing plans or projections; (4) earnings and other internal financial data; (5) personnel information; (6) supplier and customer lists; (7) sales agent lists; and (8) other non-public information that, if disclosed, might be of use to the Company s competitors, or harmful to the Company or its suppliers, customers or other business partners. To avoid inadvertent disclosure of confidential information, directors, officers and employees shall not discuss confidential information with or in the presence of any unauthorized persons, including family members and friends. Protection and Proper Use of the Company s Assets Directors, officers and employees are personally responsible for protecting those Company assets that are entrusted to them and for helping to protect the Company s assets in general. Company assets include all written communications and all data and communications transmitted or received to or by, or contained in, the Company s computer, electronic or telephonic systems. Directors, officers and employees shall only use the Company s assets for the Company s legitimate business purposes. Fair Dealing The Company is committed to promoting the values of honesty, integrity and fairness in the conduct of its business and sustaining a work environment that fosters mutual respect, openness and individual integrity. Directors, officers and employees are expected to deal honestly and fairly with the company s customers, suppliers, competitors and other third parties. To this end, directors, officers and employees shall not: make false or misleading statements to customers, suppliers or other third parties; make false or misleading statements about competitors; solicit or accept any fee, commission or other compensation for referring customers to third party vendors; or otherwise take unfair advantage of the Company s customers or suppliers, or other third parties, through manipulation, concealment, abuse of privileged information or any other practice involving unfair dealing. 
 MIDWEST 11/22 pg. 5 

Responding to Inquiries from the Press and Others The Company strives to anticipate and manage its day-to-day business (as well as crisis situations) in order to reduce disruption to its employees and business practices and to maintain the Company s reputation of providing exceptional customer service. Only those persons designated by the Company are permitted to respond to the media and any other press or news inquiries. Requests for information from the press, regulators or the government should be referred to the General Counsel. Gifts and Entertainment Making and receiving gifts is a common business practice. Appropriate business gifts and entertainment are welcome courtesies designed to build relationships and understanding among business partners. However, gifts and entertainment should neither compromise, nor appear to compromise, the ability of directors, officers and employees to make objective and fair business decisions. In addition, it is important to note that making and receiving gifts is subject to a variety of laws, rules and regulations applicable to the Company s operations. These include, without limitation, laws covering the marketing of products, bribery and kickbacks. For purposes of this Code, the term gift refers to items that are accepted from or given to any person primarily as a result of a business relationship. Entertainment means any event, meal or activity whose primary purpose is business-related and is offered by and attended by a person who himself or herself, or through his or her employee, employer or affiliate, has a current or prospective business relationship with the Company. Directors, officers and employees may not give or accept gifts of cash or cash equivalents (such as lottery tickets) of any amount. In addition, directors, officers and employees may not offer, give, provide or accept any gift or entertainment unless it: is consistent with customary business practices; is not excessive in value; cannot be construed as a bribe, payoff or kickback; and does not violate any laws or regulations. 
 Directors, officers and employees who have questions regarding whether a gift or entertainment is appropriate should consult with the General Counsel. Accurate and Timely Periodic Reports The Company is committed to providing investors with full, fair accurate, timely and understandable disclosure in the periodic reports that the Company is required to file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission or other government agency, or that it disseminates to investors or potential investors. To this end, the Company and its directors, officers and employees shall: comply with generally accepted accounting principles at all times; maintain a system of internal accounting controls that will provide reasonable assurances to management that all transactions are properly recorded; maintain books and records that accurately and fairly reflect the Company s transactions; prohibit the establishment of any undisclosed or unrecorded funds or assets; maintain a system of internal controls that will provide reasonable assurances to management that material information about the Company is made known to management, particularly during the periods in which the Company s periodic reports are being prepared; and present information in a clear and understandable manner. 
 MIDWEST 11/22 pg. 6 

Reporting and Compliance Procedures Every director, officer and employee has the responsibility to ask questions, seek guidance, report suspected violations and express concerns regarding compliance with this Code. Any director, officer or employee who knows or believes that any other employee or representative of the Company has engaged or is engaging in conduct that violates applicable law or this Code should report such information to his or her supervisor, to the General Counsel or to the Board Chair. Any supervisor who receives a report of violation of this Code must immediately inform the Board Chair. Directors, officers or employees may report violations of this Code, on a confidential or anonymous basis, by contacting the Board Chair by fax, mail or e-mail based on the Company s contact information. While it may be preferable for the reporting individual to identify himself or herself when reporting violations so that the Company may follow up with the individual, as necessary, for additional information, the individual may choose to deliver messages anonymously via sealed envelope addressed to: Board Chair Midwest Holding Inc. 2900 S 70 th Street, Suite 400 Lincoln, NE 68506 If it would be inappropriate to report a violation of the Code to the Board Chair, a director, officer or employee may, in the alternative, contact the Chair of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee by fax, mail or e-mail using the Company s contact information, including anonymously via sealed envelope addressed to: Committee Chair Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Midwest Holding Inc. 2900 S 70 th Street, Suite 400 Lincoln, NE 68506 Except in the case of an alleged violation by the Chief Executive Officer (the CEO ), if the Board Chair receives information regarding an alleged violation of this Code, he or she shall, as appropriate, (a) evaluate such information; (b) if the alleged violation involves a director or officer, inform the CEO and Board of the alleged violation; (c) determine whether it is necessary to conduct an informal inquiry or a formal investigation and, if so, initiate such inquiry or investigation, together with a recommendation as to disposition of the matter, to the CEO for action, or if the alleged violation involves a director or officer, report the results of any such inquiry or investigation to the Board or appropriate committee thereof. In the case of an alleged violation by the CEO of this Code, the Board Chair shall (a) inform the CEO (as appropriate) and Board of the alleged violation; (b) under the direction of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, determine whether it is necessary to conduct an informal inquiry or a formal investigation and, if so, initiate such inquiry or investigation; and (c) report the results of any such inquiry or investigation to the Board or appropriate committee thereof. Directors, officers and employees are expected to cooperate fully with any inquiry or investigation by the Company regarding an alleged violation of this Code. Failure to cooperate with any such inquiry or investigation may result in disciplinary action, up to and including discharge. The Company shall determine whether violations of this Code have occurred and, if so, shall determine the disciplinary measures to be taken against any employee who has violated this Code. In the event that the alleged violation involves a director or officer (other than the CEO), the CEO and the Board, respectively, shall determine whether a violation of this Code has occurred and, if so, shall determine the disciplinary measures to be taken against 
 MIDWEST 11/22 pg. 7 

such director or officer. If the alleged violation involves the CEO, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee shall review any responses submitted by the CEO and announce its findings and recommendations to the Board. The Board shall determine whether a violation of this Code has occurred and, if so, shall determine the disciplinary measures to be taken against the CEO. If the CEO is also a director, then he or she shall not participate or be present in any meeting of the Board concerning a violation of this Code by such person. Failure to comply with the standards outlined in this Code will result in disciplinary action including, but not limited to, reprimands, warnings, probation or suspension without pay, demotions, reductions in salary, discharge and restitution. Certain violations of this Code may require the Company to refer the matter to the appropriate governmental or regulatory authorities for investigation or prosecution. Moreover, any supervisor who directs or approves of any conduct in violation of this Code, or who has knowledge of such conduct and does not promptly report it, also will be subject to disciplinary action, up to and including discharge. Non-Retaliation The Company prohibits retaliation against a director, officer or employee who, in good faith, seeks help or reports known or suspected violations of this Code. Any reprisal or retaliation against a director, officer or employee because the individual, in good faith, sought help or filed a report will be subject to disciplinary action, up to and including discharge. Dissemination, Certification and Amendment This Code shall be distributed to each new director, officer and employee of the Company upon commencement of his or her employment or other relationship with the Company and shall also be distributed not less than annually to each director, officer and employee of the Company. Each director, officer and employee shall be required to certify that he or she has received, read and understood the Code and has complied with its terms. The Company reserves the right to amend, alter or terminate this Code at any time for any reason. Waivers The provisions of this Code may be waived for directors or officers only by a resolution of the Company s Board. The provisions of this Code may be waived for employees who are not directors or officers by the Board Chair. Any waiver of this Code granted to a director or officer must be promptly disclosed to shareholders. No Rights Created This Code and the matters contained herein are neither a contract of employment nor a guarantee of continuing Company policy. The Code is not intended to and does not create any rights in any director, officer, employee, client, supplier, competitor, stockholder or any other individual or entity. 
 MIDWEST 11/22 pg. 8 

</EX-14.1>

<EX-21.1>
 4
 mdwt-20221231xex21d1.htm
 EX-21.1

EXHIBIT 21.1 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT 1. American Life Security Corp., a Nebraska corporation 2. 1505 Capital LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 3. Seneca Reinsurance Company, LLC a Vermont domestic limited liability company 4. Seneca Incorporated Cell, LLC 2020-01 SRC1 ), a Vermont domestic limited liability company 5. Seneca Incorporated Cell, LLC 2021-03 SRC3 ), a Vermont domestic limited liability company 6. Midwest Capital Corporation, a Delaware corporation 7. Seneca Incorporated Cell, LLC 2022-04 SRC4 ), a Vermont domestic limited liability company 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 mdwt-20221231xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31.1 Certifications of Georgette Nicholas, Chief Executive Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer, Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 I, Georgette Nicholas, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Midwest Holding Inc. (the Company 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Arch 

Date: March 27, 2023 /s/ Georgette Nicholas Georgette Nicholas Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 mdwt-20221231xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 31.2 Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 I, Dan Maloney, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Midwest Holding Inc. (the Company 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Arch 

Date: March 27, 2023 /s/ DAN MALONEY Dan Maloney Executive Vice President of Finance and Accounting, Treasurer, Principal Accounting Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 mdwt-20221231xex32d1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 32.1 Certification Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of Midwest Holding Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 except as to the independent audit requirements relating to our financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2021; and 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. Date: March 27, 2023 /s/ Georgette Nicholas Georgette Nicholas Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 mdwt-20221231xex32d2.htm
 EX-32.2

Exhibit 32.2 Certification Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of Midwest Holding Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 except as to the independent audit requirements relating to our financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2021; and 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 27, 2023 /s/ Dan Maloney Dan Maloney ExecutiveVice President of Finance and Accounting, Treasurer Principal Accounting Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 233
 mdwt-20221231.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 235
 mdwt-20221231_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 236
 mdwt-20221231_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 237
 mdwt-20221231_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

