<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230330_10-K_edgar_data_1930021_0001493152-23-009567.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3364627</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>321404</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>630477</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>956126</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>659083</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>727323</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-009567.hdr.sgml : 20230330
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230329211507
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-009567
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		43
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230330
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230329

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Pono Capital Three, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001930021
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				881263511
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41607
		FILM NUMBER:		23776937

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4348 WAIALAE AVE., #632
		CITY:			HONOLULU
		STATE:			HI
		ZIP:			96816
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8088926611

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4348 WAIALAE AVE., #632
		CITY:			HONOLULU
		STATE:			HI
		ZIP:			96816

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-009567.txt : 20230330

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission
File Number 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

N/A 
 
 (State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 (IRS
 Employer 
 Identification
 No.) 

,

Telephone:

(Address,
including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of registrant s principal executive offices) 

N/A 

 (Former
name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

The
 Stock Market LLC 

The
 Stock Market LLC 

The
 Stock Market LLC 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T (Section 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the registrant was
required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). No 

As
of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the Registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the Registrant s
securities were t publicly traded. The Registrant s units began trading on the Nasdaq Global Market on February 10, 2023, and
the registrant s Class A ordinary shares and public warrants will commence separate public trading on the Nasdaq Global Market
on or about April 3, 2023. 

As
of March 28, 2023, there were 
of the registrant s Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, 
of the registrant s Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, and 12,065,375 units issued and
outstanding. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 PART
 I 

Item
 1. Business 
 
 6 
 
 Item
 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 25 
 
 Item
 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 25 
 
 Item
 2. Properties 
 
 25 
 
 Item
 3. Legal Proceedings 
 
 25 
 
 Item
 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 25 
 
 PART
 II 

Item
 5. Market for Registrant s Ordinary Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 26 
 
 Item
 6. [Reserved] 
 
 27 
 
 Item
 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 27 
 
 Item
 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 31 
 
 Item
 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 31 
 
 Item
 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 31 
 
 Item
 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 
 31 
 
 Item
 9B. Other Information 
 
 31 
 
 Item
 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 31 
 
 PART
 III 

Item
 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 32 
 
 Item
 11. Executive Compensation 
 
 39 
 
 Item
 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 
 
 40 
 
 Item
 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 41 
 
 Item
 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 42 
 
 PART
 IV 

Item
 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 43 
 
 Item
 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 
 43 
 
 Signatures 
 
 45 

2 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS; SUMMARY OF RISK FACTORS 

Some
of the statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K may constitute forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking
statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our management team s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions
or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future
events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words anticipate, believe, 
 continue, could, estimate, expect, intends, may, 
 might, plan, possible, potential, predict, project, 
 should, would and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words
does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K may include, for
example, statements about: 

our
 ability to complete our initial business combination; 

our
 success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business
 combination; 

our
 officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or
 in approving our initial business combination; 

our
 potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; 

our
 pool of prospective target businesses; 

the
 ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential investment opportunities; 

our
 public securities potential liquidity and trading; 

the
 lack of a market for our securities; 

our
 search for a business combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially
 adversely affected by current or anticipated military conflict, including between Russia and Ukraine, terrorism, sanctions or other
 geopolitical events globally, the COVID-19 pandemic, including new variant strains of the underlying virus, and the status of debt
 and equity markets. 

negative
 interest rate for securities in which we invest the funds held in the trust account; 

the
 use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; 

the
 trust account not being subject to claims of third parties; or 

our
 financial performance following the initial public offering. 

3 

The
forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning
future developments and their potential effects on us. Future developments affecting us may not be those that we have anticipated. These
forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that
may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements.
Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may
vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any
forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable
securities laws. 

Summary
of Risk Factors 

An
investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. The occurrence of one or more of the events or circumstances described in
the section titled Risk Factors , alone or in combination with other events or circumstances, may materially adversely
affect our business, financial condition and operating results. In that event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and
you could lose all or part of your investment. Such risks include, but are not limited to: 

Our
 public shareholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed initial business combination, which means we may complete
 our initial business combination even though a majority of our public shareholders do not support such a combination. 

If
 we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our initial shareholders and members of our management team have
 agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination, regardless of how our public shareholders vote. 

Your
 only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to the exercise of your
 right to redeem your shares from us for cash. 

The
 ability of our public shareholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business
 combination targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter into a business combination with a target. 

The
 ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to
 complete the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure. 

The
 ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the
 probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order
 to redeem your shares. 

The
 requirement that we complete an initial business combination within the period to consummate the initial business combination may
 give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a business combination and may limit the time we have in which to
 conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our
 ability to complete our initial business combination on terms that would produce value for our shareholders. 

We
 may not be able to complete an initial business combination within the period to consummate the initial business combination, in
 which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate,
 in which case our public shareholders may only receive 10.25 per unit, or less than such amount in certain circumstances. 

If
 we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our initial shareholders, directors, executive officers, advisors
 and their respective affiliates may elect to purchase shares from public shareholders, which may influence a vote on a proposed business
 combination and reduce the public float of our Class A ordinary shares. 

4 

If
 a shareholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our initial business combination
 or fails to comply with the procedures for tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. 

You
 will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies. 

Subsequent
 to the completion of our initial business combination, we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment
 or other charges that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and our share price,
 which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. 

The
 officers and directors of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The loss of a
 business combination target s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination
 business. 

Our
 management may not be able to maintain control of a target business after our initial business combination. Upon the loss of control
 of a target business, new management may not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate such
 business. 

We
 are dependent upon our executive officers and directors and their loss could adversely affect our ability to operate. 

Our
 ability to successfully effect our initial business combination and to be successful thereafter will be totally dependent upon the
 efforts of our key personnel, some of whom may join us following our initial business combination. The loss of key personnel could
 negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. 

Nasdaq
 may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities
 and subject us to additional trading restrictions. 

Our
 sponsor paid an aggregate of 25,206, or approximately 0.005 per founder share, and, accordingly, you will experience immediate
 and substantial dilution from the purchase of our Class A ordinary shares. 

Since
 our sponsor paid only approximately 0.005 per share for the founder shares, our officers and directors could potentially make a
 substantial profit even if we acquire a target business that subsequently declines in value. 

We
 are a recently incorporated company with no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability
 to achieve our business objective. 

Past
 performance by our sponsor and our management team including their affiliates and including the businesses referred to herein, may
 not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us or in the future performance of any business that we may acquire. 

5 

PART
I 

Item
1. Business. 

In
this Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Form 10-K ), references to the Company and to we, us, 
 our and refer to Pono Capital Three, Inc. 

Overview 

We
are a blank check company incorporated on March 11, 2022, as a Delaware corporation and formed for the purpose of effecting a merger,
capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses.
On October 14, 2022, we redomiciled in the Cayman Islands. We have not selected any business combination target and we have not, nor
has anyone on our behalf, initiated any substantive discussions directly or indirectly, with any business combination target. We intend
to effectuate our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of our Initial Public Offering (the Initial Public
Offering and the private placement of the placement units, the proceeds of the sale of our shares in connection with our initial
business combination, shares issued to the owners of the target, debt issued to bank or other lenders or the owners of the target, or
a combination of the foregoing. 

Our
management team is led by our Chief Executive Officer, Davin Kazama, an entrepreneur with a wealth of experience in the fields of finance,
real estate development, financial advising, and tax-efficient investment strategies. He is a seasoned professional in raising capital
from angel investors and venture capitalists alike. Since 2012, Mr. Kazama has been the Founder and Manager of Driven PV LLC, which develops
and manages clean energy systems. In this position, he educates and consults parties on clean energy products and the benefits of such
products, including tax incentives and business structuring. He also manages relationships with investors and offtakes, oversees maintenance
of the Company, and performs accounting responsibilities. From 2011 to 2013, Mr. Kazama served as an Advisor to Kai Medical, Inc. In
these roles, he was responsible for raising angel and venture capital investment, managing relationships with the investor base, advising
investors on tax-efficient strategies, and preparing financial reports. From 2007 to 2010, Mr. Kazama served as Chief Operating Officer COO of Kai Medical, Inc., an award-winning developer of state-of-the-art medical technology. As the Founder and Manager
of Kai Clothing LLC from 2004 to 2009, Mr. Kazama established numerous strategic partnerships with some of Hawaii s most reputable
companies and ultimately negotiated the sale of the Company in 2009. Mr. Kazama holds a Bachelor of Business Administration degree from
the University of Puget Sound (1998), an Executive Master of Business Administration degree from the University of Hawaii at Manoa (2003),
and a Master of Liberal Arts (ALM) in Extension Studies in Finance at Harvard University (2022). Mr. Kazama s management experience
paired with his entrepreneurial skills in a diverse array of industries makes him a valuable member of our management team and board
of directors. 

The
Company s sponsor is Mehana Capital LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Sponsor ). The registration statement
for the Company s Initial Public Offering was declared effective on February 9, 2023. On February 14, 2023, the Company consummated
its Initial Public Offering of 10,000,000 units (the Units and, with respect to the Class A ordinary shares included in
the Units being offered, the Public Shares ), at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 100,000,000 (see Note 6).
The Company granted the underwriter a 45-day option to purchase up to an additional 1,500,000 Units at the Initial Public Offering price
to cover over-allotments, if any. 

Simultaneously
with the consummation of the closing of the Offering, the Company consummated the private placement of an aggregate of 511,375 units
(the Placement Units to the Sponsor at a price of 10.00 per Placement Unit, generating total gross proceeds of 5,113,750
(the Private Placement ). 

On
February 14, 2023, the underwriters exercised the over-allotment option in full, and the closing of the issuance and sale of the additional
Units occurred (the Over-allotment Option Units ). The total aggregate issuance by the Company of 1,500,000 units at a price
of 10.00 per unit resulted in total gross proceeds of 15,000,000. On February 14, 2023, simultaneously with the sale of the Over-allotment
Option Units, the Company consummated the private sale of an additional 54,000 Placement Units, generating gross proceeds of 540,000.
The Placement Units were issued pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, as the transactions did not involve
a public offering. 

A
total of 117,875,000, comprised of the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering and the proceeds of private placements that closed
on February 14, 2023, net of the underwriting commissions, discounts, and offering expenses, was deposited in a trust account established
for the benefit of the Company s public shareholders. 

6 

Our
Business Strategy 

Our
business strategy is to identify and complete our initial business combination with a company that can benefit from (i) the managerial
and operational experience of our management team, (ii) additional capital, and (iii) access to public securities markets. We plan to
leverage our management team s network of growing companies where we believe a combination of our relationships, knowledge and
experience in the technology sector could effect a positive transformation or augmentation of existing businesses to improve their overall
value. 

The
Company s focus is on emerging growth technology companies that are well positioned for the recent changes in how businesses operate
or how and what consumers buy. These changes have accelerated over the past year. Industries that fit this well, include but are not
limited to, enterprise security and operations applications, cloud-based content and digital streaming services, drone technology and
service, AI companies, consumer healthcare and wellness, biomedical technology, entertainment/gaming companies, distance learning, online
retail and e-sports companies. 

We
believe that the way businesses and consumers operate, make decisions, and spend has forever been changed because of the pandemic. These
changes have accelerated an already growing digital transformation trend in businesses and reshaped consumer behavior. In particular,
we have seen significant changes to distributed work, entertainment, and services that push value points from physical locations to more
distant endpoints, most often homes. 

There
is no geographic limitation to the location of targets, as these types of opportunities are not necessarily bound by geography. We do
believe that there are attractive business combination candidates in East Asia, particularly Japan. There are many growing technology
companies there that are looking to the US for both opportunities and capital. We believe that a US-based company with a listing and
capital would be an ideal fit for one of those companies. Such a connection would unlock value and increase growth opportunities for
the right growing technology company. 

We
have existing relationships with a number of growing companies looking for an opportunity to create liquidity for current investors and
currency to acquire other companies. This provides us numerous opportunities and we would be well positioned given the difficulty in
bridging technology and/or capital opportunities between the East and West. Further, we believe that the management team and board member s
extensive background, careers, reputations, and relationships in cross border business experience gives us the insight and position to
identify the ideal targets for a business combination that creates long-term opportunity and value growth and to complete the business
combination. 

We
believe that many of the companies in our target industries understand the risks of delay and uncertainty in their given markets and
would welcome the opportunity to raise capital and have a US public listing sooner. Further, like in many rapidly growing industries,
many of these companies operate in fragmented markets and see an opportunity to consolidate and grow value within their vertical through
acquisition using their publicly traded stock as a currency. 

Our
Acquisition Criteria 

Our
acquisition philosophy is rooted in several core tenets, consistent with those that have been utilized in the past by members of our
management team as they have evaluated investment opportunities: 

Large
 and Growing Addressable Market : Our management team will prioritize investing in large and growing industries that are poised
 for disruption by new technologies. We look for both large problems amenable to technology solutions as well as businesses able to
 scale to meet the market. 

Proprietary
 Technology Advantage : We seek businesses protected by proprietary technology advantages, especially scientific breakthroughs
 and intellectual property. We believe that significant technology innovation provides for years of durable, compounding growth and
 expanding margins. 

Scaling
 Business with Compelling Growth Opportunity: While we are primarily focused on the topline growth potential, we will seek to
 acquire a company which has achieved sufficient technology and business maturity while still maintaining significant runway to capture
 share in a large addressable market. We look for favorable secular trends and attractive unit economics which can be further enhanced
 as the business grows. 

World
 Class Management Teams: We seek to partner with creative and ambitious management teams that have a track record of success to
 help them execute their vision. 

7 

Our
Acquisition Process 

In
evaluating a potential target business, we expect to conduct a comprehensive due diligence review to seek to determine a company s
quality and its intrinsic value. That due diligence review may include, among other things, financial statement analysis, detailed document
reviews, technology diligence, multiple meetings with management, consultations with relevant industry and academic experts, competitors,
customers and suppliers, as well as a review of additional information that we will seek to obtain as part of our analysis of a target
company. 

We
expect to place significant emphasis on a business combination target s technology and intellectual property as part of our acquisition
evaluation process, consistent with the investment approach of our management team. This due diligence may include the engagement of
multiple technical experts across both industry and academia to review the technology, participation in joint due diligence meetings
with these technical experts and management, as well as detailed intellectual property due diligence, to determine the nature and quality
of a company s technology innovation. 

We
are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a business that is affiliated with our Sponsor, officers or directors.
In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a business that is affiliated with our Sponsor, officers or directors,
we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from either an independent investment banking firm that is a member
of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA or an independent accounting firm that our initial business combination
is fair to our Company from a financial point of view. Furthermore, in the event that we seek such a business combination, we expect
that the independent members of our board of directors would be involved in the process for considering and approving the transaction. 

Members
of our management team, including our officers and directors, directly or indirectly own our securities following the Initial Public
Offering and, accordingly, may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target company is an appropriate business
with which to effectuate our initial business combination. Each of our officers and directors, as well as our management team, may have
a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination, including if the retention or resignation of any
such officers, directors, and management team members was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect
to such business combination. 

Each
of our directors and officers presently have and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations
to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity. Accordingly,
if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or
she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present
such opportunity to such entity. We do not believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers or
directors will materially affect our ability to identify and pursue business combination opportunities or complete our initial business
combination. 

Our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered
to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or
officer of our Company, and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable
for us to pursue, and to the extent the director or officer is permitted to refer that opportunity to us without violating another legal
obligation. 

Our
founder, Sponsor, officers, and directors may sponsor, form or participate in other blank check companies similar to ours during the
period in which we are seeking an initial business combination and their respective participation in any such companies may present additional
conflicts of interest in respect of determining to which such company a particular business combination opportunity should be presented,
particularly in the event there is overlap among the investment mandates of such companies. 

8 

Moreover,
because our management team has significant experience in identifying and executing multiple acquisition opportunities simultaneously
and we are not limited by industry or geography in terms of the acquisition opportunities we can pursue, except with respect to our prohibition
from seeking target acquisitions in China and Hong Kong. In addition, our founder, Sponsor, officers, and directors are not required
to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating management time
among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. 

Initial
Business Combination 

Nasdaq
rules require that we complete one or more initial business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the
value of the assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on interest earned on
the trust account) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. Our board of
directors will make the determination as to the fair market value of our initial business combination. 

If
our board of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of our initial business combination, we will obtain
an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions with respect
to the satisfaction of such criteria. While we consider it unlikely that our board of directors will not be able to make an independent
determination of the fair market value of our initial business combination, it may be unable to do so if it is less familiar or experienced
with the business of a particular target or if there is a significant amount of uncertainty as to the value of a target s assets
or prospects. 

We
anticipate structuring our initial business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public shareholders own shares
will own or acquire 100 of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial
business combination such that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target
business for the post-acquisition company to meet certain objectives of the target management team or shareholders or for other reasons,
but we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting
securities of the target or otherwise acquires an interest in the target or assets sufficient for it not to be required to register as
an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 

Even
if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to the initial
business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the
target and us in the initial business combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number
of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling interest
in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our shareholders immediately prior to our
initial business combination could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination.
If less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction
company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80 of net assets
test. If the initial business combination involves more than one target business, the 80 of net assets test will be based on the aggregate
value of all of the target businesses and we will treat the target businesses together as the initial business combination for the purposes
of a tender offer or for seeking shareholder approval, as applicable. 

The
net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the placement units released to us from the trust account upon the closing
of our initial business combination may be used as consideration to pay the sellers of a target business with which we complete our initial
business combination. If our initial business combination is paid for using equity or debt securities, or not all of the funds released
from the trust account are used for payment of the consideration in connection with our initial business combination or used for redemption
of our public shares, we may use the balance of the cash released to us from the trust account following the closing for general corporate
purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-transaction businesses, the payment of principal or interest
due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital.
In addition, we may be required to obtain additional financing in connection with the closing of our initial business combination to
be used following the closing for general corporate purposes as described above. 

9 

There
is no limitation on our ability to raise funds through the issuance of equity or equity-linked securities or through loans, advances
or other indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we
would only complete such financing simultaneously with the completion of our initial business combination. At this time, we are not a
party to any arrangement or understanding with any third party with respect to raising any additional funds through the sale of securities
or otherwise. None of our Sponsors, officers, directors or shareholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection with
or after our initial business combination. We may also obtain financing prior to the closing of our initial business combination to fund
our working capital needs and transaction costs in connection with our search for and completion of our initial business combination. 

Our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, following the Initial Public Offering and
prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, we will be prohibited from issuing additional securities that would
entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account; or (ii) vote as a class with our public shares: (a) on any
initial business combination, or (b) to approve an amendment to our second amended and restated memorandum of association to: (x)
extend the time we have to consummate a business combination from the closing of the Initial Public Offering, or (y) amend the
foregoing provisions, unless (in connection with any such amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of
association) we offer our public shareholders the opportunity to redeem their public shares. 

Status
as a Public Company 

We
believe our structure will make us an attractive business combination partner to target businesses. As an existing public company on February 14, 2023,
we offer a target business an alternative to the traditional initial public offering through a merger or other business combination
with us. In a business combination transaction with us, the owners of the target business may, for example, exchange their shares of
stock, shares or other equity interests in the target business for our Class A ordinary shares (or shares of a new holding company)
or for a combination of our Class A ordinary shares and cash, allowing us to tailor the consideration to the specific needs of the
sellers. We believe target businesses will find this method a more expeditious and cost-effective method to becoming a public
company than the typical initial public offering. The typical initial public offering process takes a significantly longer period of
time than the typical business combination transaction process, and there are significant expenses in the initial public offering
process, including underwriting discounts and commissions, that may not be present to the same extent in connection with a business
combination with us. 

Furthermore,
once a proposed business combination is completed, the target business will have effectively become public, whereas an initial public
offering is always subject to the underwriters ability to complete the offering, as well as general market conditions, which could
delay or prevent the offering from occurring or could have negative valuation consequences. Once public, we believe the target business
would then have greater access to capital, an additional means of providing management incentives consistent with shareholders 
interests and the ability to use its shares as currency for acquisitions. Being a public company can offer further benefits by augmenting
a company s profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting talented employees. 

While
we believe that our structure and our management team s backgrounds will make us an attractive business partner, some potential
target businesses may view our status as a blank check company, such as our lack of an operating history and our ability to seek shareholder
approval of any proposed initial business combination, negatively. 

We
are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the The Jumpstart Our
Business Startups Act (the JOBS Act .) As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting
requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited
to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure
obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements and exemptions from the requirements of holding
a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved,
If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the
prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

10 

In
addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended
transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other
words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise
apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. 

We
will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of
the completion of the Initial Public Offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.235 billion (as adjusted
for inflation pursuant to SEC rules from time to time), or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the
market value of our Class A ordinary shares that is held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700.0 million as of the prior June 30th,
and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period. 

Additionally,
we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take
advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements.
We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of any fiscal year for so long as either (1) the market value of our Class
A ordinary shares held by non-affiliates did not equal or exceed 250.0 million as of the prior June 30, or (2) our annual revenues did
not exceed 100.0 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our Class A ordinary shares held by non-affiliates
did not equal or exceed 700.0 million as of the prior June 30. 

Financial
Position 

With
funds available after our Initial Business Combination initially in the amount of 114,425,000 after payment of 3,450,000 of deferred
underwriting fees, before fees and expenses associated with our Initial Business Combination (other than deferred underwriting fees),
we offer a target business a variety of options such as creating a liquidity event for its owners, providing capital for the potential
growth and expansion of its operations or strengthening its balance sheet by reducing its debt leverage ratio. Because were able to complete
our initial business combination using our cash, debt or equity securities, or a combination of the foregoing, we have the flexibility
to use the most efficient combination that will allow us to tailor the consideration to be paid to the target business to fit its needs
and desires. However, we have not taken any steps to secure third party financing and there can be no assurance it will be available
to us. 

Effecting
our Initial Business Combination 

We
are not presently engaged in, and we will not engage in, any operations for an indefinite period of time following the Initial Public
Offering. We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of the Initial Public Offering, the private
placements of the placement units, our equity, debt or a combination of these as the consideration to be paid in our initial business
combination. We may seek to complete our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or
in its early stages of development or growth, which would subject us to the numerous risks inherent in such companies and businesses. 

If
our initial business combination is paid for using equity or debt securities, or not all of the funds released from the trust account
are used for payment of the consideration in connection with our initial business combination or used for redemptions of our Class A
ordinary shares, we may apply the balance of the cash released to us from the trust account for general corporate purposes, including
for maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-transaction company, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness
incurred in completing our initial business combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital. 

We
may need to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination, either because the transaction requires more cash
than is available from the proceeds held in our trust account, or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our public
shares upon completion of the initial business combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection
with such business combination. There are no prohibitions on our ability to issue securities or incur debt in connection with our initial
business combination. We are not currently a party to any arrangement or understanding with any third party with respect to raising any
additional funds through the sale of securities, the incurrence of debt or otherwise. 

11 

Sources
of Target Businesses 

Our
process of identifying acquisition targets will leverage our Sponsor and our management team s industry experiences, proven deal
sourcing capabilities and broad and deep network of relationships in numerous industries, including executives and management teams,
private equity groups and other institutional investors, large business enterprises, lenders, investment bankers and other investment
market participants, restructuring advisers, consultants, attorneys and accountants, which we believe should provide us with a number
of business combination opportunities. We expect that the collective experience, capability and network of our Sponsor, our directors
and officers, combined with their individual and collective reputations in the investment community, will help to create prospective
business combination opportunities. 

In
addition, we anticipate that target business candidates may be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including
investment bankers and private investment funds. Target businesses may be brought to our attention by such unaffiliated sources as a
result of being solicited by us through calls or mailings. These sources may also introduce us to target businesses in which they think
we may be interested on an unsolicited basis, since many of these sources will have read the final prospectus for our Initial Public
Offering filed with the SEC and know what types of businesses we are targeting. Our officers and directors, as well as their respective
affiliates, may also bring to our attention target business candidates of which they become aware through their business contacts as
a result of formal or informal inquiries or discussions they may have, as well as attending trade shows or conventions. 

We
also expect to receive a number of proprietary deal flow opportunities that would not otherwise necessarily be available to us as a result
of the business relationships of our officers and directors. While we do not presently anticipate engaging the services of professional
firms or other individuals that specialize in business acquisitions on any formal basis, we may engage these firms or other individuals
in the future, in which event we may pay a finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation to be determined in an arm s
length negotiation based on the terms of the transaction. We will engage a finder only to the extent our management determines that the
use of a finder may bring opportunities to us that may not otherwise be available to us or if finders approach us on an unsolicited basis
with a potential transaction that our management determines is in our best interest to pursue. Payment of finder s fees is customarily
tied to completion of a transaction; in which case any such fee will be paid out of the funds held in the trust account. In no event,
however, will our Sponsor or any of our existing officers or directors, or any entity with which they are affiliated, be paid any finder s
fee, consulting fee or other compensation by the Company prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the completion
of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). None of our Sponsor, executive officers or directors,
or any of their respective affiliates, will be allowed to receive any compensation, finder s fees or consulting fees from a prospective
business combination target in connection with a contemplated acquisition of such target by us. 

We
are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a business that is affiliated with our Sponsor, officers or directors.
In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a business that is affiliated with our Sponsor, officers or directors,
we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from either an independent investment banking firm that is a member
of FINRA or an independent accounting firm that our initial business combination is fair to our Company from a financial point of view.
Furthermore, in the event that we seek such a business combination, we expect that the independent members of our board of directors
would be involved in the process for considering and approving the transaction. 

Each
of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations
to other entities, including entities that are affiliates of our Sponsor, pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required
to present a business combination opportunity to such entity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business
combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he
or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, subject
to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. 

12 

Evaluation
of a Target Business and Structuring of our Initial Business Combination 

Nasdaq
rules require that we consummate an initial business combination with one or more operating businesses or assets with a fair market
value equal to at least 80 of the net assets held in the trust account (net of amounts disbursed to management for working capital
purposes, if permitted, and excluding the amount of any deferred underwriting commissions). The fair market value of our initial
business combination will be determined by our board of directors based upon one or more standards generally accepted by the
financial community, such as discounted cash flow valuation, a valuation based on trading multiples of comparable public businesses
or a valuation based on the financial metrics of merger and acquisition transactions of comparable businesses. If our board of
directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of our initial business combination (including with the
assistance of financial advisors), we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent
entity that commonly renders valuation opinions with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. While we consider it unlikely
that our board of directors will not be able to make an independent determination of the fair market value of our initial business
combination, it may be unable to do so if it is less familiar or experienced with the business of a particular target or if there is
a significant amount of uncertainty as to the value of a target s assets or prospects. We do not intend to purchase multiple
businesses in unrelated industries in conjunction with our initial business combination. Subject to this requirement, our management
will have virtually unrestricted flexibility in identifying and selecting one or more prospective target businesses, although we
will not be permitted to effectuate our initial business combination with another blank check company or a similar company with
nominal operation. 

In
any case, we will only complete an initial business combination in which we own or acquire 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities
of the target or otherwise acquire a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment
company under the Investment Company Act. If we own or acquire less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business
or businesses, the portion of such business or businesses that are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company is what will be
valued for purposes of the 80 of fair market value test. 

To
the extent we effect our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages
of development or growth we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in such company or business. Although our management will endeavor
to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant
risk factors as described in more detail in our Registration Statement filed on SEC Form S-1. 

In
evaluating a prospective target business, we expect to conduct a thorough due diligence review, which will encompass, among other things,
meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspection of facilities,
as well as a review of financial, operational, legal and other information which will be made available to us. If we determine to move
forward with a particular target, we will proceed to structure and negotiate the terms of the initial business combination transaction. 

The
time required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs
associated with this process, are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification
and evaluation of, and negotiation with, a prospective target business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately
completed will result in our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. The Company
will not pay any consulting fees to members of our management team, or any of their respective affiliates, for services rendered to or
in connection with our initial business combination. 

Lack
of Business Diversification 

For
an indefinite period of time after the completion of our initial business combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely
on the future performance of a single business. Unlike other entities that have the resources to complete business combinations with
multiple entities in one or several industries, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate
the risks of being in a single line of business. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of
diversification may: 

subject us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory
developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact on the particular industry in which we operate after our initial
business combination; and 

cause us to depend on the marketing and sale of a single product
or limited number of products or services. 

13 

Limited
Ability to Evaluate the Target s Management Team 

Although
we intend to closely scrutinize the management of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial
business combination with that business, our assessment of the target business s management may not prove to be correct. In addition,
the future management may not have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future
role of members of our management team, if any, in the target business cannot presently be stated with any certainty. The determination
as to whether any of the members of our management team will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial
business combination. While it is possible that one or more of our directors will remain associated in some capacity with us following
our initial business combination, it is unlikely that any of them will devote their full efforts to our affairs subsequent to our initial
business combination. Moreover, we cannot assure you that members of our management team will have significant experience or knowledge
relating to the operations of the particular target business. 

We
cannot assure you that any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with the combined company. The
determination as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business
combination. Following a business combination, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the
target business. We cannot assure you that we will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that additional managers will
have the requisite skills, knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management. 

Shareholders
May Not Have the Ability to Approve our Initial Business Combination 

We
may conduct redemptions without a shareholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC subject to the provisions of our second
amended and restated memorandum of association. However, we will seek shareholder approval if it is required by law or applicable stock
exchange rule, or we may decide to seek shareholder approval for business or other reasons. 

Under
Nasdaq s listing rules, shareholder approval would be required for our initial business combination if, for example: 

we issue Class A ordinary shares that will be equal to or in
excess of 20 of the number of our Class A ordinary shares then outstanding (other than in a public offering); 

any of our directors, officers or substantial shareholders
(as defined by the Nasdaq rules) has a 5 or greater interest (or such persons collectively have a 10 or greater interest), directly
or indirectly, in the target business or assets to be acquired or otherwise and the present or potential issuance of ordinary shares
could result in an increase in outstanding ordinary shares or voting power of 5 or more; or 

the issuance or potential issuance of ordinary shares will
result in our undergoing a change of control. 

The
decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination in those instances in which shareholder approval
is not required by law will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on business and legal reasons, which include a
variety of factors, including, but not limited to: 

the timing of the transaction, including in the event we determine
shareholder approval would require additional time and there is either not enough time to seek shareholder approval or doing so would
place the Company at a disadvantage in the transaction or result in other additional burdens on the Company; 

the expected cost of holding a shareholder vote; 

the risk that the shareholders would fail to approve the proposed
business combination; 

other time and budget constraints of the Company; and 

additional legal complexities of a proposed business combination
that would be time-consuming and burdensome to present to shareholders. 

14 

Permitted
Purchases of Our Securities 

If
we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business
combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our Sponsor, initial shareholders, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates
may purchase public shares or public warrants in privately-negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following
the completion of our initial business combination. There is no limit on the number of shares or warrants our initial shareholders, directors,
officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase in such transactions, subject to compliance with applicable law and Nasdaq rules.
However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions
for any such transactions. If they engage in such transactions, they will not make any such purchases when they are in possession of
any material non-public information not disclosed to the seller or if such purchases are prohibited by Regulation M under the Exchange
Act. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to the tender offer rules under
the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules under the Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers
determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers will comply with such rules.
Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject
to such reporting requirements. None of the funds held in the trust account will be used to purchase shares or public warrants in such
transactions prior to completion of our initial business combination. 

Subsequent
to the consummation of the Initial Public Offering, we have adopted an insider trading policy which requires insiders to: (i) refrain
from purchasing our securities during certain blackout periods when they are in possession of any material non-public information and
(ii) clear all trades of Company securities with a compliance officer prior to execution. We cannot currently determine whether our insiders
will make such purchases pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 plan, as it will be dependent upon several factors, including but not limited to,
the timing and size of such purchases. Depending on such circumstances, our insiders may either make such purchases pursuant to a Rule
10b5-1 plan or determine that such a plan is not necessary. 

The
purpose of any such purchases of shares could be to vote such shares in favor of the initial business combination and thereby increase
the likelihood of obtaining shareholder approval of the initial business combination or to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement
with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination,
where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. The purpose of any such purchases of public warrants could be to reduce
the number of public warrants outstanding or to vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection
with our initial business combination. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our initial business combination
that may not otherwise have been possible. In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our Class A ordinary
shares or warrants may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult
to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. 

Our
Sponsor, officers, directors and/or any of their affiliates anticipate that they may identify the shareholders with whom our Sponsor,
officers, directors or their affiliates may pursue privately-negotiated purchases by either the shareholders contacting us directly or
by our receipt of redemption requests tendered by shareholders following our mailing of proxy materials in connection with our initial
business combination. To the extent that our Sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates enter into a private purchase,
they would identify and contact only potential selling shareholders who have expressed their election to redeem their shares for a pro
rata share of the trust account or vote against our initial business combination, whether or not such shareholder has already submitted
a proxy with respect to our initial business combination. Such persons would select the shareholders from whom to acquire shares based
on the number of shares available, the negotiated price per share and such other factors as any such person may deem relevant at the
time of purchase. The price per share paid in any such transaction may be different than the amount per share a public shareholder would
receive if it elected to redeem its shares in connection with our initial business combination. Our Sponsor, officers, directors, advisors
or their affiliates will only purchase shares if such purchases comply with Regulation M under the Exchange Act and the other federal
securities laws. 

15 

Any
purchases by our Sponsor, officers, directors and/or their respective affiliates who are affiliated purchasers under Rule 10b-18 under
the Exchange Act will only be made to the extent such purchases are able to be made in compliance with Rule 10b-18, which is a safe harbor
from liability for manipulation under Section 9(a)(2) and Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. Rule 10b-18 has certain technical requirements
that must be complied with in order for the safe harbor to be available to the purchaser. Our Sponsor, officers, directors and/or their
respective affiliates will not make purchases of shares if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange
Act. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are
subject to such reporting requirements. Additionally, in the event our Sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates were
to purchase shares or warrants from public shareholders, such purchases would be structured in compliance with the requirements of Rule
14e-5 under the Exchange Act including, in pertinent part, through adherence to the following: 

our
 registration statement/proxy statement filed for our business combination transaction would disclose the possibility that our Sponsor,
 directors, officers, advisors or any of their affiliates may purchase shares, rights or warrants from public shareholders outside
 the redemption process, along with the purpose of such purchases; 

if
 our Sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their affiliates were to purchase shares or warrants from public shareholders,
 they would do so at a price no higher than the price offered through our redemption process; 

our
 registration statement/proxy statement filed for our business combination transaction would include a representation that any of
 our securities purchased by our Sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their affiliates would not be voted in favor of
 approving the business combination transaction; 

our
 Sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their affiliates would not possess any redemption rights with respect to our securities
 or, if they do acquire and possess redemption rights, they would waive such rights; and 

we
 would disclose in a Form 8-K, before our security holder meeting to approve the business combination transaction, the following material
 items: 

the
 amount of our securities purchased outside of the redemption offer by our Sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or any
 of their affiliates, along with the purchase price; 

the
 purpose of the purchases by our Sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or any of their affiliates; 

the
 impact, if any, of the purchases by our Sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or any of their affiliates on the likelihood
 that the business combination transaction will be approved; 

the
 identities of our security holders who sold to our Sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or any of their affiliates (if
 not purchased on the open market) or the nature of our security holders (e.g., 5 security holders) who sold to our Sponsor, directors,
 executive officers, advisors or any of their affiliates; and 

the
 number of our securities for which we have received redemption requests pursuant to our redemption offer. 

16 

Redemption
Rights for Public Shareholders upon Completion of our Initial Business Combination 

We
will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Class A ordinary shares upon the completion
of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust
account calculated as of two business days prior to the completion of the initial business combination, including interest earned on
the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any, divided by the number of then outstanding
public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the trust account is initially 10.25 per public share. The
per-share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions
we will pay to the underwriters. 

The
redemption rights will include the requirement that a beneficial holder must identify itself in order to validly redeem its shares. Our
Sponsor, directors and each member of our management have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed
to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and any public shares held by them in connection with (i) the completion
of our initial business combination and (ii) a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association that would affect the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business
combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we have not completed an initial business combination within the period to consummate
the initial business combination. However, we will only redeem our public shares so long as (after such redemption) our net tangible
assets will be at least 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon consummation of our initial business combination and after payment
of deferred underwriters fees and commissions (so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules).
If this optional redemption right is exercised with respect to an excessive number of public shares such that we cannot satisfy the net
tangible asset requirement (described above), we would not proceed with the amendment or the related redemption of our public shares
at such time. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless
if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the 18-month time period. 

We
expect that all costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will be
funded from amounts remaining out of the approximately 950,000 of proceeds held outside the trust account, although we cannot assure
you that there will be sufficient funds for such purpose. We will depend on sufficient interest being earned on the proceeds held in
the trust account to pay any tax obligations we may owe. However, if those funds are not sufficient to cover the costs and expenses associated
with implementing our plan of dissolution, to the extent that there is any interest accrued in the trust account not required to pay
taxes, we may request the trustee to release to us an additional amount of up to 100,000 of such accrued interest to pay those costs
and expenses. 

Manner
of Conducting Redemptions 

We
will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our
initial business combination either (i) in connection with a shareholder meeting called to approve the initial business combination or
(ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination or conduct
a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction
and whether the terms of the transaction would require us to seek shareholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing
requirement or whether we were deemed to be a foreign private issuer (which would require a tender offer rather than seeking shareholder
approval under SEC rules). Asset acquisitions and share purchases would not typically require shareholder approval while direct mergers
with our Company where we do not survive and any transactions where we issue more than 20 of our outstanding ordinary shares or seek
to amend our second amended and restated memorandum of association would require shareholder approval. We currently intend to conduct
redemptions in connection with a shareholder vote unless shareholder approval is not required by applicable law or stock exchange listing
requirement and we choose to conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC for business or other reasons. So long
as we obtain and maintain a listing for our securities on Nasdaq, we will be required to comply with Nasdaq rules. 

17 

If
we held a shareholder vote to approve our initial business combination, we will, pursuant to our second amended and restated memorandum
of association: 

conduct the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation
pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules;
and 

file proxy materials with the SEC. 

In
the event that we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection
therewith, provide our public shareholders with the redemption rights described above upon completion of the initial business combination. 

If
we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the outstanding ordinary shares
voted are voted in favor of the initial business combination. A quorum for such meeting will consist of the holder present in person
or by proxy of shares of outstanding capital stock of the Company representing a majority of the voting power of all outstanding shares
of capital stock of the Company entitled to vote at such meeting. Our initial shareholders will count towards this quorum and, pursuant
to the terms of a letter agreement entered into with us, our Sponsor and members of our management team have agreed to vote their founder
shares and any public shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering, in favor of our initial business combination. For
purposes of seeking approval of the majority of our outstanding ordinary shares voted, non-votes will have no effect on the approval
of our initial business combination once a quorum is obtained. Additionally, each public shareholder may elect to redeem its public shares
irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. 

These
quorums and voting thresholds, and the voting agreements of our initial shareholders, may make it more likely that we will complete our
initial business combination. Each public shareholder may elect to redeem its public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or
against the proposed transaction or whether they were a shareholder on the record date for the shareholder meeting held to approve the
proposed transaction. In addition, our Sponsor, directors and each member of our management, have entered into a letter agreement with
us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and any public shares held
by them in connection with the completion of a business combination. 

If,
however, shareholder approval of the transaction is required by law or stock exchange listing requirement, or we decide to obtain shareholder
approval for business or other reasons, we will, pursuant to our second amended and restated memorandum of association: 

conduct the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation
14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers; and 

file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing
our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination
and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies. 

Upon
the public announcement of our initial business combination, we or our Sponsor will terminate any plan established in accordance with
Rule 10b5-1 to purchase Class A ordinary shares in the open market if we elect to redeem our public shares through a tender offer, to
comply with Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act. 

In
the event we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days,
in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under the Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial business combination until
the expiration of the tender offer period. In addition, we will not redeem any public shares unless our net tangible assets will be at
least 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon consummation of our initial business combination and after payment of underwriters 
fees and commissions (so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset
or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. If public shareholders tender
more shares than we have offered to purchase, we will withdraw the tender offer and not complete the initial business combination. 

18 

Our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that we may not redeem our public shares unless our net tangible
assets are at least 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon consummation of our initial business combination and after payment
of underwriters fees and commissions (so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater
net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. For example,
the proposed initial business combination may require: (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash to be
transferred to the target for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions
in accordance with the terms of the proposed initial business combination. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be
required to pay for all Class A ordinary shares that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions
pursuant to the terms of the proposed initial business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete
the initial business combination or redeem any shares, and all Class A ordinary shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the
holders thereof. 

Limitation
on Redemption upon Completion of Our Initial Business Combination If We Seek Shareholder Approval 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, if we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with
our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
provide that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is
acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption
rights with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our Initial Public Offering, which we refer to as the Excess
Shares. Such restriction shall also be applicable to our affiliates. We believe this restriction will discourage shareholders
from accumulating large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts by such holders to use their ability to exercise their redemption rights
against a proposed initial business combination as a means to force us or our management to purchase their shares at a significant premium
to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our shareholders ability to redeem no more than 15 
of the shares sold in this our without our prior consent, we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of shareholders to unreasonably
attempt to block our ability to complete our initial business combination, particularly in connection with an initial business combination
with a target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. However, we would not
be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business
combination. 

Tendering
Stock Certificates in Connection with a Tender Offer or Redemption Rights 

Public
shareholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, 
will be required to either tender their certificates (if any) to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the proxy solicitation
or tender offer materials, as applicable, mailed to such holders, or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using
The Depository Trust Company s DWAC (Deposit/ Withdrawal At Custodian) System, at the holder s option, in each case up to
two business days prior to the initially scheduled vote to approve the initial business combination. The proxy solicitation or tender
offer materials, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination
will indicate the applicable delivery requirements, which will include the requirement that a beneficial holder must identify itself
in order to validly redeem its shares. Accordingly, a public shareholder would have from the time we send out our tender offer materials
until the close of the tender offer period, or up to two days prior to the initial vote on the initial business combination if we distribute
proxy materials, as applicable, to tender its shares if it wishes to seek to exercise its redemption rights. Given the relatively short
period in which to exercise redemption rights, it is advisable for shareholders to use electronic delivery of their public shares. 

There
is a nominal cost associated with the above-referenced tendering process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through
the DWAC System. The transfer agent will typically charge the tendering broker a fee of approximately 80.00 and it would be up to the
broker whether or not to pass this cost on to the redeeming holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not
we require holders seeking to exercise redemption rights to tender their shares. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising
redemption rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated. 

19 

The
foregoing is different from the procedures used by many blank check companies. In order to perfect redemption rights in connection with
their business combinations, many blank check companies would distribute proxy materials for the shareholders vote on an initial
business combination, and a holder could simply vote against a proposed business combination and check a box on the proxy card indicating
such holder was seeking to exercise his or her redemption rights. After the initial business combination was approved, the Company would
contact such shareholder to arrange for him or her to deliver his or her certificate to verify ownership. As a result, the shareholder
then had an option window after the completion of the initial business combination during which he or she could monitor
the price of the Company s shares in the market. If the price rose above the redemption price, he or she could sell his or her
shares in the open market before actually delivering his or her shares to the Company for cancellation. As a result, the redemption rights,
to which shareholders were aware they needed to commit before the general meeting, would become option rights surviving
past the completion of the initial business combination until the redeeming holder delivered its certificate. The requirement for physical
or electronic delivery prior to the meeting ensures that a redeeming shareholder s election to redeem is irrevocable once the initial
business combination is approved. 

Any
request to redeem such shares, once made, may be withdrawn at any time up to two business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve
the initial business combination, unless otherwise agreed to by us. Furthermore, if a holder of a public share delivered its certificate
in connection with an election of redemption rights and subsequently decides prior to the applicable date not to elect to exercise such
rights, such holder may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically or electronically). It is anticipated
that the funds to be distributed to holders of our public shares electing to redeem their shares will be distributed promptly after the
completion of our initial business combination. 

If
our initial business combination is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public shareholders who elected to exercise their
redemption rights would not be entitled to redeem their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case,
we will promptly return any certificates delivered by public holders who elected to redeem their shares. 

If
our initial proposed business combination is not completed, we may continue to try to complete a business combination with a different
target until 12 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering (or up to 18 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering
at the election of the Company in six separate one month extensions subject to satisfaction of certain conditions, including the deposit
of up 379,500 0.033 per unit) for each one month extension, into the trust account, or as extended by the Company s shareholders
in accordance with our second amended and restated memorandum of association). 

Redemption
of Public Shares and Liquidation if no Initial Business Combination 

Our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that we will have only 12 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering to complete our initial business combination. We may seek an ordinary resolution of the public shareholders for any extension
beyond 12 months at a meeting called for such purpose. Public shareholders will be offered the opportunity to vote on and/or redeem their
shares in connection with the approval of such extension. Alternatively, or in the event that there is an unsuccessful effort to obtain
public shareholder approval for the proposed extensions(s), we may, but are not obligated to, extend the period in which we must complete
our initial business combination six times, for an additional one month each time, up to 18 months by depositing into the trust account
on or prior to the applicable deadline for each one month extension 379,500 0.033 per unit in either case). Public shareholders, in
this situation, will not be offered the opportunity to vote on and/or redeem their shares in connection with such extension. If we are
unable to complete our initial business combination within such 12-month period (or up to a 18-month period if we choose to extend such
period, as described in more detail in this Annual Report, or as extended by the Company s shareholders in accordance with our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association), we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up,
(ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price,
payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the
trust account and not previously released (which shall be net of taxes payable and less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution
expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders 
rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii)
as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of
directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) above to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to
provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. 

20 

There
will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to complete
our initial business combination within the 12-month time period (or up to a 18-month period if we choose to extend such period, as described
in more detail in this Annual Report, or as extended by the Company s shareholders in accordance with our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association). 

Our
Sponsor, directors and each member of our management have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have waived
their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to their founder shares if we do not complete an initial
business combination within 12 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering (or up to a 18-month period if we choose to extend
such period, as described in more detail in this Annual Report, or as extended by the Company s shareholders in accordance with
our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association). However, if our Sponsor, directors or members of our management team
acquire public shares in or after the Initial Public Offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account
with respect to such public shares if we do not complete an initial business combination within 12 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering (or up to a 18-month period if we choose to extend such period, as described in more detail in this Annual Report, or
as extended by the Company s shareholders in accordance with our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association). 

Our
Sponsor, executive officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment
to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (i) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption
in connection with our initial business combination or certain amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association,
prior thereto or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 12 months from the
Initial Public Offering (or up to a 18-month period if we choose to extend such period, as described in more detail in this Annual Report,
or as extended by the Company s shareholders in accordance with our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association)
or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, unless
we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Class A ordinary shares upon approval of any such amendment at
a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the
funds held in the trust account and not previously released (which shall be net of taxes payable) divided by the number of then outstanding
public shares. However, we may not redeem our public shares unless our net tangible assets are at least 5,000,001 either immediately
prior to or upon consummation of our initial business combination and after payment of underwriters fees and commissions (so that
we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). If this optional redemption right is exercised with respect to
an excessive number of public shares such that we cannot satisfy the net tangible asset requirement (described above), we would not proceed
with the amendment or the related redemption of our public shares at such time. 

We
expect that all costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will be
funded from amounts remaining out of the approximately 950,000 of proceeds held outside the trust account, although we cannot assure
you that there will be sufficient funds for such purpose. We will depend on sufficient interest being earned on the proceeds held in
the trust account to pay any tax obligations we may owe. However, if those funds are not sufficient to cover the costs and expenses associated
with implementing our plan of dissolution, to the extent that there is any interest accrued in the trust account not required to pay
taxes, we may request the trustee to release to us an additional amount of up to 100,000 of such accrued interest to pay those costs
and expenses. 

If
we were to expend all of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering, the sale of the placement units, other than the proceeds deposited
in the trust account, and without taking into account interest, if any, earned on the trust account, the per-share redemption amount
received by shareholders upon our dissolution would be approximately 10.25. The proceeds deposited in the trust account could, however,
become subject to the claims of our creditors which would have higher priority than the claims of our public shareholders. We cannot
assure you that the actual per-share redemption amount received by shareholders will not be substantially less than 10.25. The proceeds
deposited in the trust account could, however, become subject to the claims of our creditors which would have higher priority than the
claims of our public shareholders. We cannot assure you that the actual per-share redemption amount received by shareholders will not
be substantially less than 10.25. While we intend to pay such amounts, if any, we cannot assure you that we will have funds sufficient
to pay or provide for all creditors claims. 

21 

Although
we will seek to have all vendors, service providers (other than our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target
businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any
kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public shareholders, there is no guarantee that they will execute
such agreements or even if they execute such agreements that they would be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account including
but not limited to fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the
enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds
held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account,
our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party
that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial
to us than any alternative. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include
the engagement of a third-party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior
to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider
willing to execute a waiver. 

In
addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising
out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Our Sponsor
has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to us,
or a prospective target business with which we have entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or similar agreement or
business combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below the lesser of (i) 10.25 per public share and
(ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, if less than
 10.25 per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply
to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the trust
account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial
Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. However, we have not asked our Sponsor to
reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our Sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy
its indemnity obligations and believe that our Sponsor s only assets are securities of our Company. Therefore, we cannot assure
you that our Sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third
parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. 

In
the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below (i) 10.25 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public
share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets,
in each case net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, and our Sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy
its indemnification obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors
would determine whether to take legal action against our Sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect
that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our Sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to
us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so if, for example, the
cost of such legal action is deemed by the independent directors to be too high relative to the amount recoverable or if the independent
directors determine that a favorable outcome is not likely. We have not asked our Sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations
and we cannot assure you that our Sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that due to claims
of creditors the actual value of the per-share redemption price will not be less than 10.25 per public share. 

22 

We
will seek to reduce the possibility that our Sponsor will have to indemnify the trust account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring
to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements
with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the trust account. Our Sponsor will also not
be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including
liabilities under the Securities Act. We will have access to up to approximately 950,000 from the proceeds of our Initial Public Offering
and the sale of the placement unit with which to pay any such potential claims (including costs and expenses incurred in connection with
our liquidation, currently estimated to be no more than approximately 100,000). In the event that we liquidate and it is subsequently
determined that the reserve for claims and liabilities is insufficient, shareholders who received funds from our trust account could
be liable for claims made by creditors 

If
we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the
trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of
third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, we cannot
assure you we will be able to return 10.25 per share to our public shareholders. Additionally, if we file a bankruptcy petition or an
involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed
under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. 
As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore, our board of directors
may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and
our Company to claims of punitive damages, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors.
We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. 

Our
public shareholders will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earlier to occur of: (i) the completion of
our initial business combination, (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a shareholder vote to
amend any provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our
obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or certain amendments to our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association, prior thereto or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business
combination within 12 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering (or up to a 18-month period if we choose to extend such
period, as described in more detail in this Annual Report, or as extended by the Company s shareholders in accordance with our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association) or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders 
rights or pre-initial business combination activity, and (iii) the redemption of all of our public shares if we are unable to complete
our business combination within 12 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering (or up to a 18-month period if we choose to
extend such period, as described in more detail in this Annual Report, or as extended by the Company s shareholders in accordance
with our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association), subject to applicable law. In no other circumstances will a shareholder
have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account. In the event we seek shareholder approval in connection with our initial
business combination, a shareholder s voting in connection with the initial business combination alone will not result in a shareholder s
redeeming its shares to us for an applicable pro rata share of the trust account. Such shareholder must have also exercised its redemption
rights as described above. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, like all provisions of
our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, may be amended by special resolution. 

Competition 

In
identifying, evaluating and selecting a target business for our initial business combination, we may encounter competition from other
entities having a business objective similar to ours, including other blank check companies, private equity groups and leveraged buyout
funds, public companies and operating businesses seeking strategic business combinations. Many of these entities are well established
and have extensive experience identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these
competitors possess greater financial, technical, human and other resources than we do. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses
will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the initial business
combination of a target business. Furthermore, our obligation to pay cash in connection with our public shareholders who exercise their
redemption rights may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination and our outstanding warrants, and the
future dilution they potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Either of these factors may place
us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating an initial business combination. 

23 

Employees 

We
currently have three executive officers. These individuals are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters, but
they intend to devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination.
The amount of time they will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial
business combination and the stage of the initial business combination process we are in. We do not intend to have any full-time employees
prior to the completion of our initial business combination. 

Periodic
Reporting and Financial Information 

We
have registered our Class A ordinary shares and warrants under the Exchange Act and have reporting obligations, including the requirement
that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, this annual
report contains financial statements audited and reported on by our independent registered public accounting firm. 

We
will provide shareholders with audited financial statements of the prospective target business as part of the proxy solicitation or tender
offer materials, as applicable, sent to shareholders to assist them in assessing the target business. In all likelihood, these financial
statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or reconciled to, GAAP, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances, and the
historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. These financial statement
requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such statements
in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within
the prescribed time frame. We cannot assure you that any particular target business identified by us as a potential acquisition candidate
will have financial statements prepared in accordance with the requirements outlined above, or that the potential target business will
be able to prepare its financial statements in accordance with the requirements outlined above. To the extent that these requirements
cannot be met, we may not be able to acquire the proposed target business. While this may limit the pool of potential acquisition candidates,
we do not believe that this limitation will be material. 

We
will be required to evaluate our internal control procedures for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2023, as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer, and no longer qualify as an emerging growth
company, will we be required to have our internal control procedures audited. A target business may not be in compliance with the provisions
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity
to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. 

We
filed a Registration Statement on Form 8-A with the SEC to voluntarily register our securities under Section 12 of the Exchange Act.
As a result, we are subject to the rules and regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act. We have no current intention of filing a
Form 15 to suspend our reporting or other obligations under the Exchange Act prior or subsequent to the completion of our initial business
combination. 

We
are a Cayman Islands exempted company. Exempted companies are Cayman Islands companies conducting business mainly outside the Cayman
Islands and, as such, are exempted from complying with certain provisions of the Companies Act. 

As
discussed above, we are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the
JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to
other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply
with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive
compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote
on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our
securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities
may be more volatile. 

24 

In
addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended
transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other
words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise
apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. 

We
will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of
the completion of the Initial Public Offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.235 billion (as adjusted
for inflation pursuant to SEC rules from time to time), or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the
market value of our Class A ordinary shares that is held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700.0 million as of the prior June 30th,
and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period. 

Corporate
Information 

Our
executive offices are located at 643 Ilalo Street, Honolulu, Hawaii 96813 and our telephone number is (808) 892-6611. 

Item
1A. Risk Factors. 

As
a smaller reporting company, as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act, we are not required to provide the information required by
this Item. Factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those in this Annual Report are any of the risks described
in our final prospectus for our Initial Public Offering filed with the SEC. Any of these factors could result in a significant or material
adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. Additional risk factors not presently known to us or that we currently
deem immaterial may also impair our business or results of operations. As of the date of this Annual Report, there have been no material
changes to the risk factors disclosed in our final prospectus for our Initial Public Offering filed with the SEC and declared effective
by the SEC on February 9, 2023. We may disclose changes to such factors or disclose additional factors from time to time in our future
filings with the SEC. 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

Not
applicable. 

Item
2. Properties. 

Our
executive offices are located at 643 Ilalo Street, Honolulu, Hawaii 96813 and our telephone number is (808) 892-6611. After the Initial
Public Offering, we have agreed to pay Mehana Capital LLC, our Sponsor, a total of 10,000 per month for office space, utilities and
secretarial and administrative support and the use of this office location is included in such 10,000 monthly payment. Upon completion
of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees. We consider our current office space
adequate for our current operations. 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings. 

From
time to time, we may become involved in legal proceedings relating to claims arising from the ordinary course of business. Our management
believes that there are currently no claims or actions pending against us, the ultimate disposition of which could have a material adverse
effect on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not
Applicable. 

25 

PART
II 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Market
Information 

Our
units are each traded on the Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol PTHRU . Our units commenced public trading on February
10, 2023. 

Holders 

On
March 28, 2023, there were two holders of record of our units, three holders of record of our Class
A ordinary shares, 1 holder of record of our Class B ordinary shares and 0 holders of record of our warrants (on a stand-alone basis,
apart from our units). 

Dividends 

We
have not paid any cash dividends on our ordinary shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our
initial business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital
requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends
subsequent to our initial business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. In addition, our
board of directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any stock dividends in the foreseeable future. Further,
if we incur any indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by
restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

None. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

Simultaneously
with the closing of our Initial Public Offering, pursuant to the Private Units Purchase Agreement, we completed the private sale of an
aggregate of 565,375 private units, including 54,000 private units issued in connection with the exercise in full of the underwriters 
over-allotment option (the Private Units ), to our Sponsor and the underwriters at a purchase price of 10.00 per Private
Unit, generating gross proceeds to us of 5,653,750. A total of 565,375 Private Units were purchased by our Sponsor pursuant to that
certain Private Units Purchase Agreement. The Private Units are identical to the units sold as part of the units in our Initial Public
Offering, except as otherwise disclosed in our prospectus, dated February 9, 2023 (the Prospectus ), filed with the SEC
pursuant to Rule 424(b) of the Securities Act, on February 10, 2023. The issuance of the Private Units was made pursuant to an exemption
from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 

Purchases
of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

Use
of Proceeds from the Initial Public Offering 

As
previously reported, on February 14, 2023, Pono Capital Three, Inc. (the Company completed its initial public offering
(the Offering of 10,000,000 units Units ). Each Unit consists of one share of Class A ordinary shares, par
value 0.0001 per share Class A ordinary shares ), and one redeemable warrant Warrant ), each whole Warrant
entitling the holder thereof to purchase one share of Class A ordinary shares at an exercise price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment,
pursuant to the Company s registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-268283). The Units were sold at an offering price of
 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 100,000,000. 

26 

Subsequently,
on February 14, 2023, the underwriters exercised the over-allotment option in full and the closing of the issuance and sale of the additional
Units occurred (the Overallotment Option Units ). The total aggregate issuance by the Company of 1,500,000 units at a price
of 10.00 per unit resulted in total gross proceeds of 15,000,000. On February 14, 2023, simultaneously with the sale of the Overallotment
Option Units, the Company consummated the private sale of an additional 54,000 Placement Units, generating gross proceeds of 540,000.
The Placement Units were issued pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, as the transactions did not involve
a public offering. 

No
payments for our expenses were made in the Offering described above directly or indirectly to (i) any of our directors, officers or their
associates, (ii) any person(s) owning 10 or more of any class of our equity securities or (iii) any of our affiliates, except in connection
with the repayment of outstanding loans and pursuant to the administrative support agreement disclosed herein which we entered into with
our Sponsor. There has been no material change in the planned use of proceeds from our Offering as described in our final prospectus
filed with the SEC pursuant to Rule 424(b) related to the Initial Public Offering. 

Item
6. Reserved. 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

References
in this report (the Annual Report to we, us or the Company refer to Pono Capital
Three, Inc. References to our management or our management team refer to our officers and directors, and
references to the Sponsor refer to Mehana Capital LLC. The following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial
condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere
in this Annual Report. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements
that involve risks and uncertainties. 

Overview 

We
are a blank check company incorporated in Delaware on March 11, 2022 (subsequently redomiciled in the Cayman Islands on October 14, 2022)
formed for the purpose of entering into a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business
combination with one or more businesses. We have not selected any business combination target and we have not, nor has anyone on our
behalf, initiated any substantive discussions, directly or indirectly, with any business combination target. We intend to effectuate
our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of our initial public offering (the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, the proceeds of the sale of our shares in connection with our initial business combination
pursuant to the forward purchase agreements (or backstop agreements we may enter into or otherwise), shares issued to the owners of the
target, debt issued to bank or other lenders or the owners of the target, or a combination of the foregoing or other sources. 

Results
of Operations 

We
have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenues to date. Our only activities for the period from March 11, 2022 (inception)
through December 31, 2022 were organizational activities and those necessary to prepare for our Initial Public Offering, described below.
We do not expect to generate any operating revenues until after the completion of our initial business combination. We will generate
non-operating income in the form of interest income on investments held in our trust account after the Initial Public Offering. We incur
expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due
diligence expenses after the Initial Public Offering. 

For
the for the period from March 11, 2022 (inception) through December 31, 2022, we had a net loss of 8,687, which consisted of formation
and operating costs of 8,687. 

27 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

For
the period from March 11, 2022 (inception) through December 31, 2022, net cash used in operating activities was 10,059, which was due
to our net loss of 8,687 and prepaid expenses of 1,372. 

For
the period from March 11, 2022 (inception) through December 31, 2022, net cash provided by financing activities was 98,336, which was
due to the proceeds from the promissory note - related party of 300,000 and the proceeds from the issuance of Class B ordinary shares
to the Sponsor of 25,000, partially offset by the payment of offering costs of 226,664. 

The
registration statement for the Company s Initial Public Offering was declared effective on February 9, 2023. On February 14, 2023,
the Company consummated the Initial Public Offering of 11,500,000 units, (the Units and, with respect to the Class A ordinary
shares included in the Units sold, the Public Shares ), including 1,500,000 Units issued pursuant to the exercise of the
underwriter s over-allotment option in full, generating gross proceeds of 115,000,000, which is discussed in Note 3. 

Simultaneously
with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of 565,375 units (the Placement Units at a price of 10.00 per Placement Unit in a private placement to Mehana Capital LLC (the Sponsor ), including 54,000 Placement
Units issued pursuant to the exercise of the underwriter s over-allotment option in full, generating gross proceeds of 5,653,750,
which is described in Note 4. 

Following
the closing of the Initial Public Offering on February 14, 2023, an amount of 117,875,000 10.25 per Unit) from the net proceeds of
the sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Placement Units was placed in a trust account. 

We
intend to use substantially all of the funds held in the trust account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the funds
held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (which interest shall be net of taxes payable and excluding
deferred underwriting commissions) to complete our initial business combination. We may withdraw interest to pay our taxes, if any. Our
annual income tax obligations will depend on the amount of interest and other income earned on the amounts held in the trust account.
We expect the interest earned on the amount in the trust account will be sufficient to pay our taxes. We expect the only taxes payable
by us out of the funds in the trust account will be income and franchise taxes, if any. To the extent that our ordinary shares or debt
is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete our initial business combination, the remaining proceeds held in the trust
account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue
our growth strategies. 

We
do not believe we will need to raise additional funds following the offering in order to meet the expenditures required for operating
our business. However, if our estimates of the costs of identifying a target business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating
an initial business combination are less than the actual amount necessary to do so, we may have insufficient funds available to operate
our business prior to our initial business combination. Moreover, we may need to obtain additional financing either to complete our initial
business combination or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our public shares upon completion of our initial
business combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such business combination. 

28 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America GAAP ), which contemplates continuation of the Company as a going concern and the realization of assets and
the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company has incurred and expects to continue to incur significant
costs in pursuit of the Company s financing and acquisition plans. Management plans to address this uncertainty with the successful
closing of the Business Combination. The Company will have until February 14, 2024 (or up to August 14, 2024, as applicable) to consummate
a Business Combination. If a Business Combination is not consummated by February 14, 2024, less than one year after the date these financial
statements are issued, there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution of the Company. Management has determined that
the mandatory liquidation, should a Business Combination not occur, and potential subsequent dissolution, raises substantial doubt about
the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities
should the Company be required to liquidate after February 14, 2024. The Company intends to complete the initial Business Combination
before the mandatory liquidation date. However, there can be no assurance that the Company will be able to consummate any Business Combination
by February 14, 2024. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

As
of December 31, 2022, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements. 

Contractual
Obligations 

Registration
Rights 

The
holders of the Founder Shares and Placement Units (including securities contained therein) and Units (including securities contained
therein) that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans and extension loans, and any Class A ordinary shares issuable upon
the exercise of the Placement Warrants and any Class A ordinary shares and warrants (and underlying Class A ordinary shares) that may
be issued upon conversion of the Units issued as part of the working capital loans and extension loans and Class A ordinary shares issuable
upon conversion of the Founder Shares, will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement signed prior
on the effective date of the Initial Public Offering, requiring the Company to register such securities for resale (in the case of the
Founder Shares, only after conversion to the Class A ordinary shares). The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to two
demands, excluding short form demands, that the Company registers such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back 
registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the completion of the initial Business Combination and
rights to require the Company to register for resale such securities pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. 

Promissory
Notes - Related Party 

On
April 25, 2022, the Sponsor agreed to loan the Company an aggregate of up to 300,000 to cover expenses related to the Initial Public
Offering pursuant to a promissory note (the Promissory Note ). This loan is non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier
of (i) March 31, 2023 or (ii) the date on which Company consummates the Initial Public Offering. Prior to the Initial Public Offering,
the Company had borrowed 300,000 under the Promissory Note. As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding balance under the Promissory Note
was 300,000. On February 15, 2023, the outstanding balance under the Promissory Note of 300,000 was repaid. 

Underwriters
Agreement 

Simultaneously
with the Initial Public Offering, the underwriters fully exercised the over-allotment option to purchase an additional 1,500,000 Units
at an offering price of 10.00 per Unit for an aggregate purchase price of 15,000,000. 

The
underwriters were paid a cash underwriting discount of 0.11 per Unit, or 1,265,000 in the aggregate, upon the closing of the Initial
Public Offering. In addition, 0.30 per unit, or 3,450,000 in the aggregate will be payable to the underwriters for deferred underwriting
commissions. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event
that the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

29 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

The
preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual
results could materially differ from those estimates. We have identified the following critical accounting policies : 

Derivative
Financial Instruments 

The
Company evaluates its financial instruments to determine if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded
derivatives in accordance with ASC Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging ASC 815 ). For derivative financial instruments
that are accounted for as liabilities, the derivative instrument is initially recorded at its fair value on the grant date and is then
re-valued at each reporting date, with changes in the fair value reported in the statements of operations. For derivative instruments
that are classified as equity, the derivative instruments are initially measured at fair value (or allocated value), and subsequent changes
in fair value are not recognized as long as the contracts continue to be classified in equity. 

Ordinary
Shares Subject to Possible Redemption 

All
of the Class A ordinary shares sold as part of the Units in the Initial Public Offering contain a redemption feature which allows for
the redemption of such Public Shares in connection with the Company s liquidation, if there is a shareholder vote or tender offer
in connection with the Business Combination and in connection with certain amendments to the Company s Amended and Restated Articles
of Association. In accordance with ASC 480, conditionally redeemable Class A ordinary shares (including Class A ordinary shares that
feature redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain
events not solely within the Company s control) are classified as temporary equity. Ordinary liquidation events, which involve
the redemption and liquidation of all of the entity s equity instruments, are excluded from the provisions of ASC 480. Although
the Company did not specify a maximum redemption threshold, its charter provides that currently, the Company will not redeem its Public
Shares in an amount that would cause its net tangible assets (shareholders equity) to be less than 5,000,001. However, the threshold
in its charter would not change the nature of the underlying shares as redeemable and thus Public Shares would be required to be disclosed
outside of permanent equity. The Company recognizes changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and adjusts the carrying value
of redeemable ordinary shares to equal the redemption value 10.25 per share) at the end of each reporting period. Such changes are
reflected in additional paid-in capital, or in the absence of additional paid-in capital, in accumulated deficit. 

Net
Loss Per Share 

Net
loss per share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding for the period. The calculation
of diluted net loss per share does not consider the effect of the warrants issued in connection with the Initial Public Offering and
Placement Warrants since the exercise of the warrants are contingent upon the occurrence of future events. 

Recent
Accounting Standards 

In
August 2020, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU 2020-06, Debt - Debt with Conversion and Other Options
(Subtopic 470-0) and Derivatives and Hedging - Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40) ASU 2020-06 to simplify accounting for certain financial instruments. ASU 2020-06 eliminates the current models that require separation of beneficial
conversion and cash conversion features from convertible instruments and simplifies the derivative scope exception guidance pertaining
to equity classification of contracts in an entity s own equity. The new standard also introduces additional disclosures for convertible
debt and freestanding instruments that are indexed to and settled in an entity s own equity. ASU 2020-06 amends the diluted earnings
per share guidance, including the requirement to use the if-convened method for all convertible instruments. ASU 2020-06 is effective
for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023 and should be applied on a full or modified retrospective basis, with early adoption
permitted for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2020. The Company adopted ASU 2020-06 effective March 11, 2022 (inception). The
adoption of ASU 2020-06 did not have a material impact on the financial statements. 

Management
does not believe that any other recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material
effect on the Company s financial statements. 

30 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. 

Not
required for smaller reporting companies. 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

This
information appears following Item 15 of this Report and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

None. 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure
controls and procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our
reports filed or submitted under Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act is recorded, processed,
summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include,
without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted
under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer,
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

As
required by Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer carried out an evaluation
of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. Based upon their
evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Rules 13a-15 (e) and 15d-15 (e) under the Exchange Act) were effective. 

Changes
in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

There
was no change in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during
the period from March 11, 2022 (inception) through December 31, 2022 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Management s
Report on Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include a report of management s assessment regarding internal control over financial reporting
or an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm due to a transition period established by rules of the
SEC for newly public companies. 

Item
9B. Other Information. 

Not
applicable. 

Item
9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 

Not
applicable. 

31 

PART
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

Directors
and Executive Officers 

Our
current directors and executive officers are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 

Davin
 Kazama 
 
 46 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and Director 
 
 Gary
 Miyashiro 
 
 54 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 Dustin
 Shindo 
 
 49 
 
 Chairman
 of the Board 
 
 Kotaro
 Chiba 
 
 48 
 
 Independent
 Director 
 
 Mike
 Sayama 
 
 68 
 
 Independent
 Director 
 
 Trisha
 Nomura 
 
 43 
 
 Independent
 Director and Chairwoman of the Audit Committee 

Davin
Kazama, Chief Executive Officer and Director 

Mr.
Kazama is an entrepreneur with a wealth of experience in the fields of finance, real estate development, financial advising, and tax-efficient
investment strategies. He is a seasoned professional in raising capital from angel investors and venture capitalists alike. Since 2012,
Mr. Kazama has been the Founder and Manager of Driven PV LLC, which develops and manages clean energy systems. In this position, he educates
and consults parties on clean energy products and the benefits of such products, including tax incentives and business structuring. He
also manages relationships with investors and offtakes, oversees maintenance of the company, and performs accounting responsibilities.
From 2011 to 2013, Mr. Kazama served as an Advisor to Kai Medical, Inc. In these roles, he was responsible for raising angel and venture
capital investment, managing relationships with the investor base, advising investors on tax-efficient strategies, and preparing financial
reports. From 2007 to 2010, Mr. Kazama served as Chief Operating Officer COO of Kai Medical, Inc., an award-winning developer
of state-of-the-art medical technology. As the Founder and Manager of Kai Clothing LLC from 2004 to 2009, Mr. Kazama established numerous
strategic partnerships with some of Hawaii s most reputable companies and ultimately negotiated the sale of the company in 2009.
Mr. Kazama holds a Bachelor of Business Administration degree from the University of Puget Sound (1998), an Executive Master of Business
Administration degree from the University of Hawaii at Manoa (2003), and a Master of Liberal Arts (ALM) in Extension Studies in Finance
at Harvard University (2022). Mr. Kazama s management experience paired with his entrepreneurial skills in a diverse array of industries
makes him a valuable member of our management team and board of directors. 

Gary
Miyashiro, Chief Financial Officer 

Mr.
Miyashiro is a skilled Certified Public Accountant CPA with over 30 years of experience. Since January 2011, Mr. Miyashiro
has served as a President at MC Group Hawaii, Inc., Manoa Consulting Group s successor, where he performs professional services
to the public in the areas of assurance, taxation, and accounting. He also served as a Member of Manoa Consulting Group, LLC from November
2002 to December 2010, where Mr. Miyashiro performed the same functions. From May 2001 to October 2002, Mr. Miyashiro served as CFO and
Treasurer of Island Title Corporation, during which he directed all financial operations and maintained the internal control structure.
From March 1999 to April 2001, Mr. Miyashiro then served as Vice President of GE Capital Hawaii, Inc., where he was responsible for planning,
organizing, and directing the company s financial reporting, accounting, and tax operations. From August 1990 to March 1999, Mr.
Miyashiro began his career with Grant Thornton LLP where he performed and coordinated financial statement attest services, supervised
audits, performed multiple-level consolidations, tax accruals, and the presentation of financial statements. Mr. Miyashiro holds a Bachelor
of Business Administration degree from the University of Hawaii at Manoa. He is a member of the American Institute of Certified Public
Accountants, the Hawaii Association of Public Accountants, the Hawaii Society of Public Accountants, the National Society of Accountants,
and the State of Hawaii Board of Public Accountancy. Mr. Miyashiro s accounting experience makes him an invaluable asset to the
management team. 

32 

Dustin
Shindo, Chairman of the Board 

Mr.
Shindo is an entrepreneur, executive, technologist, and a seasoned advisor with more than 25 years of industry experience. Mr. Shindo
currently serves as the management member of our Sponsor. Mr. Shindo also currently serves as the managing member of Pono Capital Corp s
Sponsor, Mehana Equity LLC. Mr. Shindo has also been retained for a number of consulting positions since July 2014 for companies working
in the health care, travel, technology, construction, and non-profit industries through Mehana LLC. Recently, Mr. Shindo started Joynable
Corporation, a software company. Mr. Shindo is also the Vice President and director of Perfect Game Hawaii, a non-profit entity supporting
baseball. Mr. Shindo served as the Chief Executive Officer and co-founder of Junify Corporation from September 2016 to June 2022, a company
operating in California and Japan to offer zero trust network access software (software defined border) to help companies better secure
their cloud resources. From December 2012 to December 2018, Mr. Shindo served as the Chief Executive Officer of Pono Health based in
California, Washington, and Hawaii, where he provided consulting, data management, analytics, and software development services. Pono
Health was the primary entity of Pono Corporation, founded in December 2012. Mr. Shindo managed healthcare data for individuals in Hawaii
and for clinics in Washington, Oregon and Arizona. Mr. Shindo also developed an analytics platform used to calculate gaps in care, cost
savings, and other health metrics. 

From
March 2001 to March 2010, Mr. Shindo served as the Chief Executive Officer of Hoku Scientific based in Honolulu, Hawaii, where he led
the company through an initial public offering on the NASDAQ Global Market and signed customer contracts totaling 2+ billion. From December
1995 to August 1997, Mr. Shindo served as the President of Mehana Brewing Company based in Hilo, Hawaii. In June 1995, Mr. Shindo received
his Bachelor of Art s degree in Accounting/Finance/Marketing at University of Washington based in Seattle, Washington. In May 1999,
Mr. Shindo received his Master s in Business Administration at Darden Graduate School of Business Administration, University of
Virginia based in Charlottesville, Virginia. In August 2015, Mr. Shindo completed the SEP program at Stanford Graduate School of Business,
Stanford University. Mr. Shindo s entrepreneurial, executive, and advising experience, paired with his public company experience
through Pono Capital Corp, Pono Capital Two, Inc. and Hoku Scientific, make him a valuable member of our board of directors. 

Our
Independent Directors 

Our
efforts to seek a suitable business combination target will be complemented and augmented by the expertise and network of relationships
of our directors, who each have extensive experience in business and financial matters. In addition to our seasoned executive team, we
have assembled a strong group of directors. The board is comprised of five individuals. These individuals bring together a breadth of
operating experience, industry connectivity and proprietary access to leading companies that enhance our value proposition. Our board
will be a driving force in our efforts to identify a target and effect a business combination and may invest personal capital in the
transaction. The Company s independent director bios are presented here. 

Kotaro
Chiba, Independent Director 

Kotaro
Chiba currently serves as an Independent Director of Pono Capital Two, Inc. (NASDAQ: PTWO). Mr. Chiba is also the founder and General
Partner of Chiba Dojo Fund, a venture capital based fund in Tokyo focusing its investing on Internet and IOT related start-ups since
September 2019. Before launching the Chiba Dojo Fund, Mr. Chiba founded and continues to serve as the General Partner of the Drone Fund
since in June 2017. The Drone Fund is a venture capital-based fund in Tokyo focusing its investment on drones and air mobility start-ups.
The Drone Fund aims to create a drone and air-mobility enabled society. One of the Drone Fund s portfolio companies went public
on the Tokyo Mothers Market in December 2019 the first drone company to make an initial public offering in Japan. As an angel investor,
Mr. Chiba has invested in more than 60 startups and 40 VC funds in Internet markets and other fields. Mr. Chiba also currently serves
as Director of various mobility and technology companies, including: Aeronext since April 2017, A.L.I. Technologies, Inc. since December
2017, Prodrone Co. Ltd. since October 2020, teTra aviation since May 2020, and VFR since October 2021. 

33 

Prior
to that, Mr. Chiba was the co-founder, Executive Vice President and director from January 2009 to July 2016 with COLOPL Inc., which focused
on mobile gaming services on smartphone applications as well as VR services and location data analysis consulting services, research
service dedicated to smartphones. In 2012, he helped lead the company s listing on the Tokyo Stock Exchange (Mothers) and then
in 2014 led the company to a US 4 billion initial public offering on the Tokyo Exchange market (first section). Prior to that, Mr. Chiba
was the founder and director from January 2000 to March 2007 for K Laboratory Inc. (now KLab Inc.) that develops mobile games and online
games. Before joining KLab Inc., Mr. Chiba was a mobile web media planner from April 1997 to December 1999 for Recruit Co. Ltd., which
is Japan s largest recruitment company and provides services such as job advertising, temporary staffing, sales promotion, and
IT solution. 

Since
April 2019, Mr. Chiba has been a guest Professor at Keio University, a research-oriented campus located in the city of Fujisawa, Kanagawa
Prefecture, Japan where he teaches students to become technology innovators. Mr. Chiba is Keio University, SFC Campus graduate, in March
1997, with a Bachelor of Arts in Environment and Information Studies. He is also the first domestic customer of Honda Jet in Japan and
holds a private pilot license (FAA Japan). Mr. Chiba s extensive experience and knowledge in developing start-ups and working in
venture capital provides him with a unique perspective and makes him a valuable addition to our board of directors. 

Mike
Sayama, Ph.D., Independent Director 

Dr.
Mike Sayama currently serves as an independent director of AERWINS Technologies Inc. (NASDAQ: AWIN). Dr. Samaya was formerly the Executive
Director of Community First since it was established in July 2016 until January 2021. As the founding executive director, he was responsible
for operations, developing a strategic plan for an accountable health community in East Hawaii, community relations, and fund raising.
From January 2021 to June 2021, he served as the Director of Strategy to facilitate the transition to a new management team. 

From
October 2013 to December 2018, Dr. Sayama served as a Vice President at Pono Health and was Director of Learning Health Homes, a project
where he was responsible for managing the East Hawaii Independent Physicians Association and implementing a data platform integrating
health plan, hospital, and physician data. Dr. Sayama also facilitated the reorganization of EHI and development of its strategic direction.
Community First, a 501(c)3 non-profit, which serves as a neutral forum for healthcare stakeholders in East Hawaii, grew out of the Learning
Health Homes Initiative. 

From
August 1997 to October 2013, Dr. Sayama served as a Vice President of the Hawaii Medical Service Association, first in Health Benefits
Management and then in Customer Relations. In the first position, he streamlined preauthorization and appeal processes, including the
elimination of preauthorization for inpatient admissions without increase in inpatient utilization. In his second position he established
call centers in Hilo which stabilized the call center work force and improved the timeliness and accuracy of customer service. 

From
April 2001 to April 2005, Dr. Sayama was a Director on the City Bank Board, and from April 2005 to April 2009, was a Director on the
Boards of Central Pacific Bank and Central Pacific Financial Corporation. He currently serves on the board of Pono Capital Corp. 

Regarding
education: In May 1975, he received his Bachelor of Arts degree in Psychology from Yale University, and in August 1979, his Master of
Arts degree in Clinical Psychology from University of Michigan. In August 1982, Dr. Sayama received his Ph.D. degree in Clinical Psychology
from University of Michigan. He is the author of several books on psychotherapy and Zen Buddhism. 

His
community service includes having been a Director on the Bay Clinic Board (the Federally Qualified Health Center in East Hawaii) and
currently serving as the Abbot of Chozen-ji, International Zen Dojo. Mr. Sayama brings broad knowledge of the healthcare technology industry,
as well as prior experience serving as a founding executive director, which makes him a valuable addition to our board of directors. 

34 

Trisha
Nomura, Independent Director and Chairperson of the Board s Audit Committee 

Trisha
Nomura currently serves as an independent director of Pono Capital Two, Inc. (NASDAQ: PTWO). Since July 2018, Ms. Nomura has owned a
consulting firm, Ascend Consulting, LLC. Prior to opening her own firm, Ms. Nomura worked in both public accounting and private industry.
Ms. Nomura was the Chief Operating Officer of HiHR from July 2015 to December 2016, and the Vice President of Strategic Services from
May 2014 to July 2015. Ms. Nomura also served as the Chief People Officer of ProService Hawaii from January 2017 to June 2018. Ms. Nomura
began volunteering with the HSCPA since 2010 through the YCPA Squad, has been the Treasurer of Kaneohe Little League since 2013, and
is a member of the AICPA, where she was selected to attend the Leadership Academy, has served as an at-large Council member and is now
proudly serving on the Association Board of Directors. Ms. Nomura is a CPA, not in public practice, and a CGMA. She is a graduate of
Creighton University, where she obtained her Bachelor of Science in Business Administration in accounting, and of the University of Hawaii
at Manoa, where she earned her Master of Accountancy degree. Ms. Nomura s consulting, accounting and management skills and knowledge
make her an important addition to our board of directors. 

Number
and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors 

We
have five directors upon completion of the initial Public Offering. Our board of directors is divided into three classes, with only one
class of directors being elected in each year and with each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual meeting
of shareholders) serving a three-year term. In accordance with the Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold
an annual meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. 

The
term of office of the first class of directors, consisting of Kotaro Chiba, will expire at our first annual meeting of shareholders.
The term of office of the second class of directors, consisting of Davin Kazama and Mike Sayama, will expire at our second annual meeting
of the shareholders. The term of office of the third class of directors, consisting of Trisha Nomura and Dustin Shindo, will expire at
our third annual meeting of shareholders. We may not hold an annual meeting of shareholders until after we complete our initial business
combination. 

Prior
to the completion of an initial business combination, any vacancy on the board of directors may be filled by a nominee chosen by holders
of a majority of our founder shares. In addition, prior to the completion of an initial business combination, holders of a majority of
our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. Pursuant to an agreement to be entered into concurrently
with the issuance and sale of the securities in the Initial Public Offering, our Sponsor, upon completion of an initial business combination,
will be entitled to nominate individuals for election to our board of directors, as long as our Sponsor holds any securities covered
by the registration rights agreement. 

Our
officers are appointed by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms
of office. Our board of directors is authorized to nominate persons to the offices set forth in our second amended and restated memorandum
of association as it deems appropriate. Our second amended and restated memorandum of association provides that our officers may consist
of one or more chairman of the board of directors, chief executive officer, president, chief financial officer, vice presidents, secretary,
treasurer and such other offices as may be determined by the board of directors. 

Director
Independence 

Nasdaq
listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. An independent director is defined
generally as a person other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship
which in the opinion of the company s board of directors, would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment
in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. Kotaro Chiba, Mike Sayama and Trisha Nomura are independent directors 
as defined in Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules prior to completion of the Initial Public Offering. 

35 

Executive
Officer and Director Compensation 

After
the completion of our initial business combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting or management
fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation
materials or tender offer materials furnished to our shareholders in connection with a proposed business combination. We have not established
any limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our members of management. It is unlikely the amount
of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed business combination because the directors of the post-combination business
will be responsible for determining executive officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our executive officers
will be determined, or recommended to the board of directors for determination, either by a compensation committee constituted solely
by independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors on our board of directors. 

We
do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the completion
of our initial business combination, although it is possible that some or all of our executive officers and directors may negotiate employment
or consulting arrangements to remain with us after our initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or
consulting arrangements to retain their positions with us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting
a target business but we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the completion of our initial business
combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any
agreements with our executive officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. 

Committees
of the Board of Directors 

Our
board of directors has three standing committees: an audit committee, a compensation committee and a corporate governance and nominating
committee. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, the rules of Nasdaq and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act require that the
audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception,
the rules of Nasdaq require that the compensation committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. 

Audit
Committee 

We
have established an audit committee of the board of directors. Kotaro Chiba, Mike Sayama and Trisha Nomura will serve as members of our
audit committee. Our board of directors has determined that each of Kotaro Chiba, Mike Sayama and Trisha Nomura meet the independent
director standard under Nasdaq listing standards and under Rule 10-A-3(b)(1) of the Exchange Act. Trisha Nomura will serve as the chairwoman
of the audit committee. Each member of the audit committee is financially literate, and our board of directors has determined that Ms.
Nomura qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules. We have adopted an audit committee
charter, which details the principal functions of the audit committee, including: 

appointing, compensating and overseeing our independent registered
public accounting firm; 

reviewing and approving the annual audit plan for the Company; 

overseeing the integrity of our financial statements and our
compliance with legal and regulatory requirements; 

discussing the annual audited financial statements and unaudited
quarterly financial statements with management and the independent registered public accounting firm; 

pre-approving all audit services and permitted non-audit services
to be performed by our independent registered public accounting firm, including the fees and terms of the services to be performed; 

appointing or replacing the independent registered public accounting
firm; 

establishing procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment
of complaints (including anonymous complaints) we receive concerning accounting, internal accounting controls, auditing matters or potential
violations of law; 

36 

monitoring our environmental sustainability and governance
practices; 

establishing procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment
of complaints received by us regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or reports which raise material issues regarding our
financial statements or accounting policies; 

approving audit and non-audit services provided by our independent
registered public accounting firm; 

discussing earnings press releases and financial information
provided to analysts and rating agencies; 

discussing with management our policies and practices with
respect to risk assessment and risk management; 

reviewing any material transaction between our Chief Financial
Officer that has been approved in accordance with our Code of Ethics for our officers, and providing prior written approval of any material
transaction between us and our President; and 

producing an annual report for inclusion in our proxy statement,
in accordance with applicable rules and regulations. 

The
audit committee is a separately designated standing committee established in accordance with Section 3(a)(58)(A) of the Exchange Act. 

Compensation
Committee 

We
have established a compensation committee of our board of directors. The members of our compensation committee are Kotaro Chiba, Mike
Sayama, and Trisha Nomura. Mike Sayama will serve as chairman of the compensation committee. Under Nasdaq listing standards and applicable
SEC rules, we are required to have at least two members of the compensation committee, all of whom must be independent directors. Our
board of directors has determined that each of each of Messrs. Chiba and Sayama and Ms. Nomura is independent. We have adopted a compensation
committee charter, which details the principal functions of the compensation committee, including: 

reviewing and approving corporate goals and objectives relevant
to our President s compensation, evaluating our President s performance in light of those goals and objectives, and setting
our President s compensation level based on this evaluation; 

setting salaries and approving incentive compensation and equity
awards, as well as compensation policies, for all other officers who file reports of their ownership, and changes in ownership, of the
Company s ordinary shares under Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act (the Section 16 Officers ), as designated by our
board of directors; 

making recommendations to the board of directors with respect
to incentive compensation programs and equity-based plans that are subject to board approval; 

approving any employment or severance agreements with our Section
16 Officers; 

granting any awards under equity compensation plans and annual
bonus plans to our President and the Section 16 Officers; 

approving the compensation of our directors; and 

producing an annual report on executive compensation for inclusion
in our proxy statement, in accordance with applicable rules and regulations. 

37 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, as indicated above, other than the payment to Mehana Capital LLC, our Sponsor, of 10,000 per month, for up to 12 months
(or up to 18 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering at the election of the Company in six separate one month extensions
subject to satisfaction of certain conditions, including the deposit of up to 379,500 0.033 per unit) for each one month extension,
into the trust account, or as extended by the Company s shareholders in accordance with our second amended and restated memorandum
of association), for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support, no compensation of any kind, including finders,
consulting or other similar fees, will be paid to any of our existing shareholders, officers, directors or any of their respective affiliates,
prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate the consummation of an initial business combination. Accordingly, it
is likely that prior to the consummation of an initial business combination, the compensation committee will only be responsible for
the review and recommendation of any compensation arrangements to be entered into in connection with such initial business combination. 

Compensation
Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 

None
of our executive officers currently serves, and in the past year has not served, as a member of the compensation committee of any entity
that has one or more executive officers serving on our board of directors. 

Corporate
Governance and Nominating Committee 

We
have established a corporate governance and nominating committee of our board of directors. The members of our corporate governance and
nominating committee are Kotaro Chiba, Mike Sayama and Trisha Nomura. Kotaro Chiba will serve as chairman of the corporate governance
and nominating committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards, we are required to have a corporate governance and nominating committee
composed entirely of independent directors. Our board of directors has determined that each of Messrs. Chiba and Sayama and Ms. Nomura
is independent. 

The
primary function of the corporate governance and nominating committee include: 

identifying individuals qualified to become members of the
board of directors and making recommendations to the board of directors regarding nominees for election; 

reviewing the independence of each director and making a recommendation
to the board of directors with respect to each director s independence; 

developing and recommending to the board of directors the corporate
governance principles applicable to us and reviewing our corporate governance guidelines at least annually; 

making recommendations to the board of directors with respect
to the membership of the audit, compensation and corporate governance and nominating committees; 

overseeing the evaluation of the performance of the board of
directors and its committees on a continuing basis, including an annual self-evaluation of the performance of the corporate governance
and nominating committee; 

considering the adequacy of our governance structures and policies,
including as they relate to our environmental sustainability and governance practices; 

considering director nominees recommended by shareholders;
and 

reviewing our overall corporate governance and reporting to
the board of directors on its findings and any recommendations. 

38 

Guidelines
for Selecting Director Nominees 

The
guidelines for selecting director nominees, which is specified in the charter adopted by us, generally provides that person to be nominated: 

should possess personal qualities and characteristics, accomplishments
and reputation in the business community; 

should have current knowledge and contacts in the communities
in which we do business and, in our industry, or other industries relevant to our business; 

should have the ability and willingness to commit adequate
time to the board of directors and committee matters; 

should demonstrate ability and willingness to commit adequate
time to the board of directors and committee matters; 

should possess the fit of the individual s skills and
personality with those of other directors and potential directors in building a board of directors that is effective, collegial and responsive
to our needs; and 

should demonstrate diversity of viewpoints, background, experience,
and other demographics, and all aspects of diversity in order to enable the board of directors to perform its duties and responsibilities
effectively, including candidates with a diversity of age, gender, nationality, race, ethnicity, and sexual orientation. 

Each
year in connection with the nomination of candidates for election to the board of directors, the corporate governance and nominating
committee will evaluate the background of each candidate, including candidates that may be submitted by our shareholders. 

Code
of Ethics 

We
have adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees. We have filed a copy of our Code of Ethics and our
audit committee charter as exhibits to the registration statement. You are able to review these documents by accessing our public filings
at the SEC s web site at www.sec.gov. In addition, a copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided without charge upon request from
us. 

Item
11. Executive Compensation. 

None
of our executive officers or directors have received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. We may pay consulting, finder
or success fees to our initial shareholders, officers, directors or their affiliates for assisting us in consummating our initial business
combination. In addition, our initial shareholders, executive officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates will be reimbursed
for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and
performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. There is no limit on the amount of out-of-pocket expenses reimbursable by
us. 

After
our initial business combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management, or other fees
from the combined company with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation
materials furnished to our shareholders. The amount of such compensation may not be known at the time of a shareholder meeting held to
consider an initial business combination, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and
director compensation. In this event, such compensation will be publicly disclosed at the time of its determination in a Current Report
on Form 8-K, as required by the SEC. 

Since
our formation, we have not granted any stock options or stock appreciation rights or any other awards under long-term incentive plans
to any of our executive officers or directors. 

39 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters. 

The
following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our ordinary shares, and as adjusted to reflect the sale
of our Class A ordinary shares, and assuming no purchase of public shares in the Initial Public Offering, by: 

each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more
than 5 of our outstanding ordinary shares; 

each of our executive officers and directors that beneficially
owns ordinary shares; and 

all our executive officers and directors as a group. 

Unless
otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all of our
ordinary shares beneficially owned by them. 

Our
Sponsor paid an aggregate of 25,206, or approximately 0.005 per share, in exchange for the issuance of 2,875,000 founder shares on
May 17, 2022 and for the issuance of an additional 2,060,622 founder shares on December 22, 2022. Prior to the initial investment in
the Company of 25,000 by our Sponsor, the Company had no assets, tangible or intangible. The per unit price of the founder shares was
determined by dividing the amount contributed to the Company by the number of founder shares issued. 

Class
 A Ordinary Shares 
 Class
B Ordinary Shares 
 Approximate 
 Percentage 
 
 Name
 and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Number
 of Shares Beneficially Owned(2) 
 Approximate Percentage of
 Class 
 Number
 of Shares Beneficially Owned(2) 
 Approximate Percentage of
 Class 
 
 of Outstanding Ordinary
 Shares 
 
 Mehana
 Capital LLC(3) 
 565,375 
 4.60 
 4,935,622 
 100 
 3.86 
 
 Davin
 Kazama 

Gary
 Miyashiro 

Dustin Shindo(3) 
 565,375 
 4.60 
 4,935,622 
 100 
 3.86 
 
 Kotaro
 Chiba 

Mike
 Sayama 

Trisha
 Nomura 

All
 executive officers and directors as a group (6 individuals) 
 565,375 
 4.60 
 4,935,622 
 100 
 28.86 
 
 Space
 Summit Capital LLC (4) 
 670,000 
 5.83 
 - 
 - 
 3.91 
 
 Wealthspring
 Capital LLC (5) 
 1,488,835 
 12.3 

8.70 
 
 Matthew
 Simpson (5) 
 1,488,835 
 12.3 

8.70 
 
 David
 Gallers (5) 
 1,488,835 
 12.3 

8.70 

(1)
Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of these entities and individuals is 643 Ilalo Street, #102, Honolulu, Hawaii 96813. 

(2)
Interests shown consist solely of founder shares, classified as shares of Class B ordinary shares, as well as private placement shares
after the Initial Public Offering. Founder shares are convertible into shares of Class A ordinary shares on a one-for-one basis, subject
to adjustment. 

(3)
Mehana Capital LLC, our Sponsor, is the record holder of the securities reported herein. Dustin Shindo is the control person of our Sponsor,
and possesses all voting power and dispositive control. By virtue of this relationship, Dustin Shindo may be deemed to share beneficial
ownership of the securities held of record by our Sponsor. Dustin Shindo disclaims any such beneficial ownership except to the extent
of his respective pecuniary interest. 

(4)
The beneficial ownership is based on the latest available filing made with the SEC on Schedule 13G on March 2, 2023 and consists of 671,100
shares of Pono Three s Class A ordinary shares. To the best of Pono Three s knowledge, Space Summit Capital LLC, owns and
controls 5.83 of the outstanding Public Shares. The address of Space Summit Capital LLC is 15455 Albright Street, Pacific Palisades,
CA 90272. 

(5)
The beneficial ownership is based on the latest available filing made with the SEC on Schedule 13G on March 9, 2023 and consists of 1,488,835
shares of the Company s Class A ordinary shares. To the best of Pono Three s knowledge, Wealthspring Capital LLC, Matthew
Simpson, and David Gallers own and control 12.3 of the outstanding Public Shares. The address of Wealthspring Capital LLC, Matthew Simpson,
and David Gallers is 2 Westchester Park Drive, Suite 108, West Harrison, NY 10604. 

40 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

On
May 17, 2022, our Sponsor acquired 2,875,000 founder shares, and on December 22, 2022, our Sponsor acquired an additional 2,060,622 founder
shares for an aggregate purchase price of 25,206, or approximately 0.005 per share. Such Class B ordinary shares includes an aggregate
of up to 643,777 shares that were subject to forfeiture by the Sponsor to the extent that the underwriters over-allotment was
not exercised in full or in part, so that the Sponsor would collectively own at least 30 of the Company s issued and outstanding
shares after the Offering (assuming the initial shareholders did not purchase any Public Shares in the Offering and excluding the Placement
Units and underlying securities). The underwriters exercised the over-allotment option in full so those shares are no longer subject
to forfeiture. 

The
initial shareholders have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the Class B ordinary shares (except to certain permitted transferees)
until, with respect to any of the Class B ordinary shares, the earlier of (i) six months after the date of the consummation of a Business
Combination, or (ii) the date on which the closing price of the Company s ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as
adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day
period commencing after a Business Combination, with respect to the remaining any of the Class B ordinary shares, upon six months after
the date of the consummation of a Business Combination, or earlier, in each case, if, subsequent to a Business Combination, the Company
consummates a subsequent liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of the Company s
shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. 

On
April 25, 2022, the Sponsor committed to loan the Company an aggregate of up to 300,000 to cover expenses related to the Initial Public
Offering pursuant to a promissory note (the Note ). The Note was non-interest bearing and was payable on the earlier of
March 31, 2023 or the completion of the Initial Public Offering. As of December 31, 2022, there was 300,000 in borrowings outstanding
under the Note. Upon Initial Public Offering, the Company had repaid the full amount of 300,000 under the Note. 

In
order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor may provide us with a loan to the Company up
to 1,500,000 as may be required Working Capital Loans ). Such Working Capital Loans would either be repaid upon consummation
of a Business Combination, without interest, or, at the lender s discretion, up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be converted upon
consummation of a Business Combination into additional Placement Units at a price of 10.00 per Unit. In the event that a Business Combination
does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans, but no proceeds
held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. As of December 31, 2022, there were no amounts outstanding
under any Working Capital Loans. 

If
the Company anticipates that it may not be able to consummate the initial Business Combination within 12 months of the closing of the
Initial Public Offering, the Company may, by resolution of the board if requested by the Sponsor, extend the period of time to consummate
a Business Combination up to six times, each by an additional one month (for a total of up to 18 months to complete a Business Combination),
subject to the Sponsor depositing additional funds into the trust account as set out below. Pursuant to the terms of the Second Amended
and Restated Memorandum of Association and the trust agreement entered into between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer 
Trust Company, in order for the time available for the Company to consummate the initial Business Combination to be extended, the Sponsor
or its affiliates or designees, must deposit into the Trust Account 379,500 with the underwriters over-allotment option exercised
in full 0.033 per unit in either case), on or prior to the date of the applicable deadline, for each of the available six month extensions,
providing a total possible Business Combination period of 18 months at a total payment value of 2,277,000 with the underwriters 
over-allotment option exercised in full 0.033 per unit). Any such payments would be made in the form of a loan. Any such loans will
be non-interest bearing and payable upon the consummation of a Business Combination out of the proceeds of the trust account released
to it. 

41 

Item
14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 

The
following is a summary of fees paid or to be paid to Marcum LLP, or Marcum, for services rendered. 

Audit
Fees . Audit fees consist of fees for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and services
that are normally provided by Marcum in connection with regulatory filings. The aggregate fees of Marcum for professional services rendered
for the audit of our annual financial statements, review of the financial information included in our Form S-1 for the respective periods
and other required filings with the SEC for the period from March 11, 2022 (date of inception) to the Initial Public Offering totaled
approximately 99,910. The aggregate fees of Marcum for professional services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements
and other required filings with the SEC for the period from March 11, 2022 (inception) to December 31, 2022 totaled approximately 46,350.
The above amounts include interim procedures and audit fees, as well as attendance at audit committee meetings. 

Audit-Related
Fees . Audit-related fees consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of
the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services
that are not required by statute or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. During the
period from March 11, 2022 (inception) to December 31, 2022, we did not pay Marcum any audit-related fees. 

Tax
Fees . We did not pay Marcum for tax return services, planning and tax advice for the period from March 11, 2022 (inception) to December
31, 2022. 

All
Other Fees . We did not pay Marcum for any other services for the period from March 11, 2022 (inception) to December 31, 2022. 

Pre-Approval
Policy 

Our
audit committee was formed upon the consummation of our Initial Public Offering. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve
all of the foregoing services, although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board
of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve
all auditing services and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject
to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to
the completion of the audit). 

42 

PART
IV 

Item
15. Exhibits, Financial Statements, and Schedules. 

(a)
The following documents are filed as part of this report: 

(1)
Financial Statements: 

Page(s) 
 
 Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 688) 
 
 F-2 
 
 Balance
 Sheet as of December 31, 2022 
 
 F-3 
 
 Statement
 of Operations for the period from March 11, 2022 (inception) through December 31, 2022 
 
 F-4 
 
 Statement
 of Changes in Shareholders Equity for the period from March 11, 2022 (inception) through December 31, 2022 
 
 F-5 
 
 Statement
 of Cash Flows for the period from March 11, 2022 (inception) through December 31, 2022 
 
 F-6 
 
 Notes
 to the Financial Statements 
 
 F-7
 - F-18 

(2)
Financial Statement Schedules: 

All
financial statement schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or the amounts are immaterial and not required, or the required
information is presented in the financial statements and notes beginning on F-1 on this Report. 

(3)
Exhibits 

We
hereby file as part of this Report the exhibits listed in the attached Exhibit Index. Exhibits which are incorporated herein by reference
can be obtained from the SEC website at www.sec.gov. 

Item
16. Form 10-K Summary 

Not
applicable. 

43 

EXHIBIT
INDEX 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 
 
 1.1 
 
 Underwriting Agreement, dated February 9, 2023, between the Company and EF Hutton, division of Benchmark Investments, LLC, as representative of the underwriters named therein. (2) 
 
 3.1 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association dated February 9, 2023. (2) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Specimen Unit Certificate. (1) 
 
 4.2 
 
 Specimen Class A ordinary shares Certificate. (1) 
 
 4.4 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated February 9, 2023, between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. (2) 
 
 4.5 
 
 Description of Registered Securities. 
 
 10.1 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated February 9, 2023, among the Company, its officers and directors and the Company s Sponsor, Mehana Capital LLC. (2) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Promissory
 Note, dated April 25, 2022, issued to Mehana Capital LLC (1) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated February 9, 2023 between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. (2) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated February 9, 2023, by and among the Company and certain securityholders. (2) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Administrative Support Agreement, dated February 9, 2023, by and between the Company and Mehana Capital LLC. (2) 
 
 10.6 
 
 Placement Unit Purchase Agreement, dated February 9, 2023, by and between the Company and the Sponsor. (2) 
 
 10.7 
 
 Form of Indemnity Agreement. (2) 
 
 10.8 
 
 Amended and Restated Securities Subscription Agreement, dated May 17, 2022, between the Registrant and Mehana Capital LLC. (1) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a). 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a). 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350. 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350. 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Filed
 herewith. 

Furnished
 herewith. 
 
 (1) 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Company s Form S-1, filed with the SEC on November 10, 2022. 
 
 (2) 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Company s Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on February 15, 2023. 

44 

PONO
CAPITAL THREE, INC. 

INDEX
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page(s) 
 
 Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 
 F-2 
 
 Financial
 Statements: 

Balance
 Sheet as of December 31, 2022 
 
 F-3 
 
 Statement
 of Operations for the period from March 11, 2022 (inception) through December 31, 2022 
 
 F-4 
 
 Statement
 of Changes in Shareholders Equity for the period from March 11, 2022 (inception) through December 31, 2022 
 
 F-5 
 
 Statement
 of Cash Flows for the period from March 11, 2022 (inception) through December 31, 2022 
 
 F-6 
 
 Notes
 to the Financial Statements 
 
 F-7
 - F-18 

F- 1 

R eport
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors
of 

 Pono
Capital Three, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheet of Pono Capital Three, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022, the related
statements of operations, shareholders equity and cash flows for the period from March 11, 2022 (inception) through December 31,
2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements
present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022, and the results of its operations
and its cash flows for the period from March 11, 2022 (inception) through December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Explanatory
Paragraph Going Concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described
in Note 1 to the financial statements, if the Company is unable to complete a business combination by February 14, 2024, then the Company
will cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. The date for mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raises
substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters
are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or
fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/
Marcum LLP 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2022. 

 PCAOB
ID Number: 688 

March 29, 2023 

F- 2 

PONO
CAPITAL THREE, INC. 

 BALANCE
SHEET 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 

Assets: 

Current
 assets: 

Cash 

Prepaid
 expenses 

Total
 current assets 

Deferred
 offering costs 

Total
 Assets 

Liabilities
 and Shareholders Equity: 

Current
 liabilities: 

Accrued
 offering costs 

Promissory
 note - related party 

Total
 Liabilities 

Commitments
 and Contingencies (Note 6) 
 - 

Shareholders 
 Equity: 

Preference
 shares, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding 

Class
 A ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding 

Class
 B ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; issued and outstanding (1) 

Ordinary
 shares 

Additional
 paid-in capital 

Subscription
 receivable 

Accumulated
 deficit 

Total
 shareholders equity 

Total
 Liabilities and Shareholders Equity 

(1) Class B ordinary shares subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option is not exercised in full or in part by the underwriter
(see Note 5). The underwriters exercised their over-allotment option in full on February 14, 2023; thus, no ordinary shares remain subject
to forfeiture as of February 14, 2023 (see Note 6). 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 3 

PONO
CAPITAL THREE, INC. 

 STATEMENT
OF OPERATIONS 

 FOR
THE PERIOD FROM MARCH 11, 2022 (INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Formation
 costs and operating costs 

Net
 loss 

Weighted
 average shares outstanding, basic and diluted (1) 

Basic
 and diluted net loss per ordinary share 

(1) Class B ordinary shares subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option is not exercised in full or in part by the underwriter
(see Note 5). The underwriters exercised their over-allotment option in full on February 14, 2023; thus, no ordinary shares remain subject
to forfeiture as of February 14, 2023 (see Note 6). 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 4 

PONO
CAPITAL THREE, INC. 

 STATEMENT
OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

 FOR
THE PERIOD FROM MARCH 11, 2022 (INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Receivable 
 Deficit 
 Equity 

Class
 B Ordinary Shares 
 Additional
 Paid-in 
 Subscription 
 Accumulated 
 Total Shareholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Receivable 
 Deficit 
 Equity 
 
 Balance
 at March 11, 2022 (inception) 

Issuance
 of Class B ordinary shares to Sponsor (1) 

Net
 loss 

Balance
 at December 31, 2022 

(1) Class B ordinary shares subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option is not exercised in full or in part by the underwriter
(see Note 5). The underwriters exercised their over-allotment option in full on February 14, 2023; thus, no ordinary shares remain subject
to forfeiture as of February 14, 2023 (see Note 6). 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 5 

PONO
CAPITAL THREE, INC. 

 STATEMENT
OF CASH FLOWS 

 FOR
THE PERIOD FROM MARCH 11, 2022 (INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Cash
 Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net
 loss 

Changes
 in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid
 expenses 

Net
 cash used in operating activities 

Cash
 Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds
 from issuance of Class B ordinary shares to Sponsor 

Proceeds
 from promissory note - related party 

Advance
 from Sponsor for payment of formation costs 

Repayment
 to Sponsor for payment of formation costs 

Payment
 of offering costs 

Net
 cash provided by financing activities 

Net
 Change in Cash 

Cash
 - Beginning of period 

Cash
 - End of period 

Non-cash
 investing and financing activities: 

Deferred
 offering costs included in accrued offering costs 

Issuance
 of Class B ordinary shares to Sponsor for subscription receivable 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 6 

PONO
 CAPITAL THREE, INC. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

. On October 14, 2022,
the Company redomiciled in the Cayman Islands. The Company was formed for the purpose of entering into a merger, share exchange, asset
acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses (a Business Combination ).
The Company is not limited to a particular industry or geographic region for purposes of consummating a Business Combination. The Company
is an early stage and emerging growth company and, as such, the Company is subject to all of the risks associated with early stage and
emerging growth companies. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had not commenced any operations. All activity for the period from March 11, 2022 (inception) through
December 31, 2022 relates to the Company s formation and initial public offering Initial Public Offering ), which
is described below. The Company will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of a Business Combination, at the
earliest. The Company will generate non-operating income in the form of interest income from the proceeds derived from the Initial Public
Offering. The Company has selected December 31 as its fiscal year end. 

The
registration statement for the Company s Initial Public Offering was declared effective on February 9, 2023. On February 14, 2023,
the Company consummated the Initial Public Offering of units, (the Units and, with respect to the Class A ordinary
shares included in the Units sold, the Public Shares ), including Units issued pursuant to the exercise of the
underwriter s over-allotment option in full, generating gross proceeds of , which is discussed in Note 3. 

Simultaneously
with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of units (the Placement Units at a price of per Placement Unit in a private placement to Mehana Capital LLC (the Sponsor ), including Placement
Units issued pursuant to the exercise of the underwriter s over-allotment option in full, generating gross proceeds of ,
which is described in Note 4. 

Following
the closing of the Initial Public Offering on February 14, 2023, an amount of per Unit) from the net proceeds of
the sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Placement Units was placed in a trust account (the Trust
Account ), and will be invested only in U.S. government treasury obligations with maturities of 185 days or less or in money market
funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act, which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury
obligations, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the funds held in the Trust
Account, as described below. 

Transaction
costs related to the issuances described above amounted to , consisting of of cash underwriting fees, 
of deferred underwriting fees and of other offering costs. 

The
Company s management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering
and the sale of the Placement Units, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating
a Business Combination. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to complete a Business Combination successfully. The Company
must complete a Business Combination with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least
 of the value of the Trust Account (as defined below) (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on income
earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the agreement to enter into an initial Business Combination. The Company will only complete
a Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target
or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company
under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ). 

PONO
CAPITAL THREE, INC. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The
Company will provide its holders of the outstanding Public Shares (the Public Shareholders with the opportunity to redeem
all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion of a Business Combination either (i) in connection with a shareholder meeting
called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company will seek shareholder
approval of a Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely in its discretion. The Public Shareholders
will be entitled to redeem their Public Shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then in the Trust Account (initially anticipated
to be per Public Share, plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to
the Company to pay its tax obligations). There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of a Business Combination with respect
to the Company s warrants. With the completion of the Initial Public Offering, the Public Shares subject to redemption are recorded
at redemption value and classified as temporary equity in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board s FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity ASC 480 ). 

The
Company will proceed with a Business Combination if the Company has net tangible assets of at least upon consummation of such
Business Combination and a majority of the shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. If the Company seeks shareholder
approval of a Business Combination and it does not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, the amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association (the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association provides that a Public Shareholder,
together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group 
(as defined under Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )), will be restricted
from seeking redemption rights with respect to 15 or more of the Public Shares without the Company s prior written consent. 

If
a shareholder vote is not required and the Company does not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other legal reasons, the
Company will offer such redemption pursuant to the tender offer rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ),
and file tender offer documents containing substantially the same information as would be included in a proxy statement with the SEC
prior to completing a Business Combination. 

The
Sponsor has agreed (a) to vote its Class B ordinary shares, the ordinary shares included in the Placement Units and the Public Shares
purchased in the Initial Public Offering in favor of a Business Combination, (b) not to propose an amendment to the Amended and Restated
Memorandum and Articles of Association with respect to the Company s pre-Business Combination activities prior to the consummation
of a Business Combination unless the Company provides dissenting Public Shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares
in conjunction with any such amendment; (c) not to redeem any shares (including the Class B ordinary shares) and Placement Units (including
underlying securities) into the right to receive cash from the Trust Account in connection with a shareholder vote to approve a Business
Combination (or to sell any shares in a tender offer in connection with a Business Combination if the Company does not seek shareholder
approval in connection therewith) or a vote to amend the provisions of the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association
relating to shareholders rights of pre-Business Combination activity and (d) that the Class B ordinary shares and Placement Units
(including underlying securities) shall not participate in any liquidating distributions upon winding up if a Business Combination is
not consummated. However, the Sponsor will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any Public
Shares purchased in the Initial Public Offering if the Company fails to complete its Business Combination. 

PONO
CAPITAL THREE, INC. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

0.033
per unit) for each such one month extension, into the Trust Account, or as extended by the Company s shareholder in accordance
with the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association) from the closing of the Initial Public Offering to consummate
a Business Combination (the Combination Period ). If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within
the Combination Period, the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as
reasonably possible but no more than five business days thereafter, redeem 100 of the outstanding Public Shares, at a per-share
price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned (net of taxes
payable and less interest to pay dissolution expenses up to ),
divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish Public Shareholders 
rights as shareholder (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and
(iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining shareholders and the
Company s board of directors, proceed to commence a voluntary liquidation and thereby a formal dissolution of the Company,
subject in each case to its obligations to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of applicable law. The underwriter
has agreed to waive its rights to the deferred underwriting commission held in the Trust Account in the event the Company does not
complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period and, in such event, such amounts will be included with the funds held
in the Trust Account that will be available to fund the redemption of the Public Shares. In the event of such distribution, it is
possible that the per share value of the assets remaining available for distribution will be less than the Initial Public Offering
price per Unit ). 

The
Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to the Company, if and to the extent any claims by a vendor for services rendered or products
sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce
the amounts in the Trust Account to below per share, except as to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and
all rights to seek access to the Trust Account and except as to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriter of
the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act ). In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible
to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have
to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (except for the Company s
independent registered accounting firm), prospective target businesses or other entities with which the Company does business, execute
agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. 

Going
Concern and Liquidity 

Prior
to the completion of the Initial Public Offering, the Company lacked the liquidity it needed to sustain operations for a reasonable period
of time, which is considered to be one year from the issuance date of the financial statements. The Company has since completed its Initial
Public Offering at which time capital in excess of the funds deposited in the Trust Account and/or used in fund offering expenses was
released to the Company for general working capital purposes. In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with a
Business Combination, the Sponsor may provide us up to under Working Capital Loans (see Note 5.) 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America GAAP ), which contemplates continuation of the Company as a going concern and the realization of assets and
the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company has incurred and expects to continue to incur significant
costs in pursuit of the Company s financing and acquisition plans. Management plans to address this uncertainty with the successful
closing of the Business Combination. The Company will have until February 14, 2024 (or up to August 14, 2024, as applicable) to consummate
a Business Combination. If a Business Combination is not consummated by February 14, 2024, less than one year after the date these financial
statements are issued, there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution of the Company. Management has determined that
the mandatory liquidation, should a Business Combination not occur, and potential subsequent dissolution, raises substantial doubt about
the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities
should the Company be required to liquidate after February 14, 2024. The Company intends to complete the initial Business Combination
before the mandatory liquidation date. However, there can be no assurance that the Company will be able to consummate any Business Combination
by February 14, 2024. 

PONO
CAPITAL THREE, INC. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Risks
and Uncertainties 

Management
continues to evaluate the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the industry and has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that
the virus could have a negative effect on the Company s financial position, results of its operations and/or search for a target
company, the specific impact is not readily determinable as of the date of these financial statements. These financial statements do
not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Additionally,
as a result of the military action commenced in February 2022 by the Russian Federation and Belarus in the country of Ukraine and related
economic sanctions, the Company s ability to consummate a Business Combination, or the operations of a target business with which
the Company ultimately consummates a Business Combination, may be materially and adversely affected. Further, the Company s ability
to consummate a transaction may be dependent on the ability to raise equity and debt financing which may be impacted by these events,
including as a result of increased market volatility, or decreased market liquidity in third-party financing being unavailable on terms
acceptable to the Company or at all. The impact of this action and related sanctions on the world economy and the specific impact on
the Company s financial position, results of operations and/or ability to consummate a Business Combination are not yet determinable.
The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

PONO
CAPITAL THREE, INC. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

, consisting of 
of cash underwriting fees, of deferred underwriting fees and of other offering costs. As such, the Company recorded
 of offering costs as a reduction of temporary equity and of offering costs as a reduction
of permanent equity. 

PONO
CAPITAL THREE, INC. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The
Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. There were unrecognized
tax benefits and amounts accrued for interest and penalties as of December 31, 2022. The Company is currently not aware of any issues
under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position. The Company is considered an
exempted Cayman Islands Company and is presently not subject to income taxes or income tax filing requirements in the Cayman Islands
or the United States. Consequently, income taxes are not reflected in the Company s financial statements. 

. However, the threshold
in its charter would not change the nature of the underlying shares as redeemable and thus Public Shares would be required to be disclosed
outside of permanent equity. Subsequent to year end, the Company recognizes changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and adjusts the carrying value
of redeemable ordinary shares to equal the redemption value per share) at the end of each reporting period. Such changes are
reflected in additional paid-in capital, or in the absence of additional paid-in capital, in accumulated deficit. 

. The Company has not experienced losses on this account
and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such account. 

PONO
CAPITAL THREE, INC. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

PONO
CAPITAL THREE, INC. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Units, including Units issued pursuant to the exercise of the
underwriters over-allotment option in full, generating gross proceeds of . Each Unit consisted of one Class A ordinary
share and one redeemable warrant Public Warrant ). Each Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary
share at an exercise price of per whole share (see Note 7). 

Placement Units at a price of per
Placement Units, in a private placement to the Sponsor, including Placement Units issued pursuant to the exercise of the underwriters 
over-allotment option in full, generating gross proceeds of . Each Placement Unit consists of one Class A ordinary share Placement
Share and one warrant Placement Warrant ). The proceeds from the sale of the Placement Units were added to the
net proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within
the Combination Period, the proceeds from the sale of the Placement Units held in the Trust Account will be used to fund the redemption
of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law) and the Placement Units will expire worthless. 

to cover certain expenses on behalf of the Company in exchange for the issuance
of Class B ordinary shares (the Founder Shares ). On December 22, 2022, the Sponsor subscribed for additional
Founder Shares resulting in the issuance of Class B ordinary shares to the Sponsor for consideration of , which remains
outstanding as of the date of these financial statements. The Founder Shares included an aggregate of up to Class B ordinary
shares subject to forfeiture by the Sponsor to the extent that the underwriters over-allotment option is not exercised in full
or in part, so that the Sponsor will own, on an as-converted basis, of the Company s issued and outstanding shares after the
Initial Public Offering. The underwriters exercised the over-allotment option in full, so those shares are no longer subject to forfeiture. 

The
Sponsor has agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the Class B ordinary shares (except to certain permitted transferees as disclosed
herein) until, with respect to any of the Class B ordinary shares, the earlier of (i) six months after the date of the consummation of
a Business Combination, or (ii) the date on which the closing price of the Company s ordinary shares equals or exceeds per
share (as adjusted for share splits, share dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading
day period commencing after a Business Combination, with respect to the remaining any of the Class B ordinary shares, upon six months
after the date of the consummation of a Business Combination, or earlier, in each case, if, subsequent to a Business Combination, the
Company consummates a subsequent liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of the Company s
shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. 

PONO
CAPITAL THREE, INC. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Promissory
Note - Related Party 

On
April 25, 2022, the Sponsor agreed to loan the Company an aggregate of up to to cover expenses related to the Initial Public
Offering pursuant to a promissory note (the Promissory Note ). This loan is non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier
of (i) March 31, 2023 or (ii) the date on which Company consummates the Initial Public Offering. Prior to the Initial Public Offering,
the Company had borrowed under the Promissory Note. As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding balance under the Promissory Note
was (see Note 8). 

Administrative
Support Agreement 

The
Company s Sponsor has agreed, commencing from the date of the Initial Public Offering through the earlier of the Company s
consummation of a Business Combination and its liquidation, to make available to the Company certain general and administrative services,
including office space, utilities and administrative services, as the Company may require from time to time. The Company has agreed to
pay to Mehana Capital LLC, the Sponsor, per month for these services during the 12-month period to complete a Business Combination. 

Related
Party Loans 

In
order to finance transaction costs in connection with the initial Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor or
certain of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required. If the
Company completes the initial Business Combination, the Company will repay such loaned amounts. In the event that the initial Business
Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay such loaned
amounts, including the repayment of loans from the Sponsor to pay for any amount deposited to pay for any extension of the time to complete
the initial Business Combination, but no proceeds from the Trust Account would be used for such repayment. Up to of such loans
may be convertible into Units, at a price of per Unit at the option of the lender, upon consummation of the initial Business Combination.
The Units would be identical to the Placement Units. The terms of such loans by the Company s officers and directors, if any, have
not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. 

PONO
CAPITAL THREE, INC. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Underwriting
Agreement 

Simultaneously
with the Initial Public Offering, the underwriters fully exercised the over-allotment option to purchase an additional Units
at an offering price of per Unit for an aggregate purchase price of . 

The
underwriters were paid a cash underwriting discount of per Unit, or in the aggregate, upon the closing of the Initial
Public Offering. In addition, per unit, or in the aggregate will be payable to the underwriters for deferred underwriting
commissions. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event
that the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

Representative
Shares 

Upon
closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company issued Class A ordinary shares to the underwriters. The underwriters have
agreed not to transfer, assign or sell the Representative Shares until the completion of the initial Business Combination. In addition,
the underwriters have agreed (i) to waive its redemption rights with respect to the Representative Shares in connection with the completion
of the initial Business Combination and (ii) to waive its rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to
the Representative Shares if the Company fails to complete its initial Business Combination within 12 months (or up to 18 months if the
Company extends such period) from the closing of the Initial Public Offering. 

The
Representative Shares are subject to a lock-up for a period of 180 days immediately following the commencement of sales of the registration
statement pursuant to Rule 5110(e)(1) of FINRA s NASD Conduct Rules. Pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110(e)(1), these securities may not
be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated or the subject of any hedging, short sale, derivative, put or call transaction
that would result in the economic disposition of the securities by any person for a period of 180 days immediately following the effective
date of the registration statement, nor may they be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated for a period of 180 days immediately
following the commencement of sales of the Initial Public Offering except to any underwriter and selected dealer participating in the
Initial Public Offering and their bona fide officers or partners, registered persons or affiliates or as otherwise permitted under Rule
5110(e)(2). 

Subsequent
to the Initial Public Offering, the initial measurement of the fair value of the Representative Shares was determined using the
market approach to value the subject interest. Based on the indication of fair value using the market approach, the Company
determined the fair value of the Representative Shares to be per
share or (for
the 
Representative Shares issued) as of the date of the Initial Public Offering (which is also the grant date). As a result, 
was recorded as an offering cost with a corresponding entry to permanent shareholders equity. 

Right
of First Refusal 

For
a period beginning on the closing of the Initial Public Offering and ending 12 months from the closing of a Business Combination, the
Company has granted EF Hutton a right of first refusal to act as lead-left book running manager and lead left manager for any and all
future private or public equity, convertible and debt offerings during such period. In accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(3)(A)(i), such
right of first refusal shall not have a duration of more than three years from the effective date of the registration statement of which
the company s prospectus forms a part. 

preference shares with a par value of per share, with such
designations, voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors.
As of December 31, 2022, there were preference shares issued or outstanding. 

PONO
CAPITAL THREE, INC. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Class
A ordinary shares The Company is authorized to issue Class A ordinary shares with a par value of 
per share. . As of December 31, 2022,
there were Class A ordinary shares issued or outstanding. 

Class
B ordinary shares The Company is authorized to issue Class B ordinary shares with a par value of per
share. . As of December 31, 2022, there
were Class B Ordinary Shares issued and outstanding. Of the Class B ordinary shares outstanding, up to shares
were subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters over-allotment option was not exercised in full or in part, so
that the initial shareholders will collectively own of the Company s issued and outstanding ordinary shares after the Initial
Public Offering. On February 14, 2023, the underwriters exercised the over-allotment option in full, so those shares are no longer subject
to forfeiture. 

Warrants
 As of December 31, 2022, no warrants are currently outstanding. Each whole Public Warrant entitles the registered holder
to purchase one Class A ordinary shares at a price of per share, subject to adjustment as discussed below, at any time commencing
30 days after the completion of the initial Business Combination. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise its
Public Warrants only for a whole number of Class A ordinary shares. No fractional Public Warrants will be issued upon separation of the
units and only whole Public Warrants will trade. The Public Warrants will expire five years after the completion of the initial Business
Combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

The
Company has agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 20 business days after the closing of the initial Business
Combination, the Company will use its best efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares
issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants, to cause such registration statement to become effective and to maintain a current prospectus
relating to those Class A ordinary shares until the Public Warrants expire or are redeemed, as specified in the warrant agreement. If
a registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants is not effective by the 60th
business day after the closing of the initial Business Combination, Public Warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective
registration statement and during any period when the Company will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise
Public Warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act; provided that such exemption
is available. If that exemption, or another exemption, is not available, holders will not be able to exercise their Public Warrants on
a cashless basis. 

Once
the Public Warrants become exercisable, the Company may call the Public Warrants for redemption: 

in
 whole and not in part; 

at
 a price of per Public Warrant, 

upon
 not less than 30 days prior written notice of redemption given after the Public Warrants become exercisable (the 30-day
 redemption period to each Public Warrant holder; and 

if,
 and only if, the reported last sale price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for hare
 sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading
 day period commencing once the Public Warrants become exercisable and ending three business days before the Company sends the notice
 of redemption to the Public Warrant holders. 

PONO
CAPITAL THREE, INC. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

If
and when the Public Warrants become redeemable by the Company, the Company may not exercise the redemption right if the issuance of Class
A ordinary shares upon exercise of the Public Warrants is not exempt from registration or qualification under applicable state blue sky
laws or the Company is unable to effect such registration or qualification. 

per Class A ordinary shares (with such
issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to
the Sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares held by the Sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable,
prior to such issuance), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and
interest thereon, available for the funding of the initial Business Combination on the date of the consummation of the initial Business
Combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the market value is below 9.20 per share, then the exercise price of the warrants will be
adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of the greater of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 18.00 per
share redemption trigger price described above will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the greater of the Market
Value and the Newly Issued Price . 

The
Placement Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants except that, so long as they are held by the Sponsor or its permitted transferees,
(i) they will not be redeemable by the Company, (ii) they (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of these Placement
Warrants) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the Sponsor until 30 days after the completion
of the initial Business Combination, (iii) they may be exercised by the holders on a cashless basis and (iv) the holders thereof (including
with respect to Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of such Placement Warrants) are entitled to registration rights. 

The
Company accounts for the warrants issued in connection with the Initial Public Offering (including Public Warrants
and Placement Warrants) in accordance with the guidance contained in ASC 815-40. Such guidance provides that the warrants described
above are not precluded from equity classification. Equity-classified contracts are initially measured at fair value (or allocated value).
Subsequent changes in fair value are not recognized as long as the contracts continue to be classified in equity. 

was repaid. 

F- 18 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Section 13 or 15 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report
to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized on the 29 th day of March, 2023. 

PONO
 CAPITAL THREE, INC. 

By: 
 /s/
Davin Kazama 

Davin
 Kazama 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

In
accordance with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant
and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, this Registration Statement has been signed by the following persons in the capacities
and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Position 
 
 Date 

/s/
Davin Kazama 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 
 
 March
 29, 2023 
 
 Davin
 Kazama 
 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

/s/
Gary Miyashiro 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 March
 29, 2023 
 
 Gary
 Miyashiro 
 
 (Principal
 Financial Officer) 

/s/
Dustin Shindo 
 
 Chairman
 of the Board 
 
 March
 29, 2023 
 
 Dustin
 Shindo 

/s/ Kotaro Chiba 
 
 Independent
 Director 
 
 March
 29, 2023 
 
 Kotaro
 Chiba 

/s/
Mike Sayama 
 
 Independent
 Director 
 
 March
 29, 2023 
 
 Mike
 Sayama 

/s/ Trisha Nomura 
 
 Independent
 Director 
 
 March
 29, 2023 
 
 Trisha
 Nomura 

45 

<EX-4.5>
 2
 ex4-5.htm

Exhibit
4.5 

DESCRIPTION
OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 

 REGISTERED
PURSUANT TO SECTION1 12 OF THE 

 SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

The
following summary of the registered securities of Pono Capital Three, Inc. does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety
by reference to our memorandum and articles of association, as amended , Articles which
are incorporated by reference as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit is a part, and certain provisions
of Cayman Islands law. Unless the context requires otherwise, all references to the Company, we, our, 
and us in this Exhibit refer to Pono Capital Three, Inc. 

Pursuant
to our Articles, our authorized share capital consists of 100,000,000 Class A Shares, 0.0001 par value Class A Shares ),
10,000,000 Class B ordinary shares, 0.0001 par value (the Class B Shares and together with the Class A Shares,
the Ordinary Shares ), and 1,000,000 preference shares, 0.0001 par value. The following description summarizes
the material terms of our shares. Because it is only a summary, it may not contain all the information that is important to you. 

Units 

In
our initial public offering, which closed on February 14, 2023 (our Initial Public Offering ), we issued units with an offering
price of 10.00 per unit, each unit consisted of one Class A Share and one redeemable warrant. Only whole warrants are exercisable. Each
whole warrant entitles the holder to purchase one Class A Share for an initial exercise price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment.
The underwriters exercised the over-allotment option in full and the closing of the issuance and sale of the additional Units occurred.
We issued a total of 11,500,000 units in our Initial Public Offering which includes units issuable upon the full exercise of the underwriters 
over-allotment option. 

Ordinary
Shares 

Prior
to our initial public offering, there were 4,935,622 Class B Shares issued and outstanding, all of which were held of record by our initial
shareholders, so that our initial shareholders will own 32.25 of our issued and outstanding shares after this offering and the expiration
of the underwriters option to purchase additional units. Upon the closing of our initial public offering, 17,104,497 of our Ordinary
Shares are outstanding including: 

11,500,000
 Class A Shares underlying the units issued as part of our Initial Public Offering; 

565,375
 placement shares issued to our sponsor, Mehana Capital, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, upon the consummation of our Initial
 Public Offering; 

103,500
 representative shares issued to EF Hutton, division of Benchmark Investments, LLC, upon exercising of the underwriters over-allotment
 option; and 

4,935,622
 Class B Shares held by our initial shareholders. 

Ordinary
shareholders of record are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. Except as described
below, holders of Class A Shares and holders of Class B Shares will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote
of our shareholders except as required by law. Unless specified in Articles, or as required by applicable provisions of the Cayman Companies
Act, as amended, (the Companies Act or applicable share exchange rules, an Ordinary Resolution (as defined
in our Articles) is required to approve any such matter voted on by our shareholders. Approval of certain actions will require a Special
Resolution (as defined in our Articles); such actions include amending our Articles, reducing our share capital, continuations out and
approving a statutory merger or consolidation with another company. There is no cumulative voting with respect to the appointment of
directors, with the result that the holders of more than 50 of the shares voted for the appointment of directors can appoint all of
the directors. Our shareholders are entitled to receive ratable dividends when, as and if declared by the board of directors out of funds
legally available therefor. Prior to our initial business combination, only holders of our Class B Shares will have the right to vote
on the appointment of directors. Holders of our Class A Shares will not be entitled to vote on the appointment of directors during such
time. In addition, prior to the completion of an initial business combination, holders of a majority of our Class B Shares may remove
a member of the board of directors for any reason by Ordinary Resolution. The provisions of our Articles governing the appointment or
removal of directors prior to our initial business combination may only be amended by a Special Resolution passed by not less than 90 
of our Ordinary Shares who attend and vote at our general meeting. Additionally, in a vote to continue the Company in a jurisdiction
outside the Cayman Islands (which requires a Special Resolution), holders of our Class B Shares will have ten votes for every Class B
Share and holders of our Class A Shares will have one vote for every Class A Share. 

Because
our Articles authorizes the issuance of up to 100,000,000 Class A Shares, if we were to enter into a business combination, we may (depending
on the terms of such a business combination) be required to increase the number of Class A Shares that we will be authorized to issue
at the same time as our shareholders vote on the business combination to the extent we seek shareholder approval in connection with our
initial business combination. 

In
accordance with the Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual general meeting until one year after
our first fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. There is no requirement under the Companies Act for us to hold annual or extraordinary
general meetings to appoint directors. We may not hold an annual general meeting to appoint new directors prior to the consummation of
our initial business combination. Prior to the completion of an initial business combination, any vacancy on the board of directors may
be filled by a nominee chosen by holders of a majority of our Class B Shares by Ordinary Resolution. In addition, prior to the completion
of an initial business combination, holders of a majority of our Class B Shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any
reason by Ordinary Resolution. 

We
will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Class A Shares upon the completion of our
initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account
calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, including interest earned on the funds
held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding
Class A shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the trust account was initially 10.25 per Class A Share.
The per share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting
commissions we will pay to the underwriters. The redemption rights will include the requirement that a beneficial owner must identify
itself in order to validly redeem its shares. Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant
to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any Class B Shares and Class A Shares held by hem in connection
with (i) the completion of our initial business combination and (ii) a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our Articles (A) that
would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A Shares the right to have their shares redeemed
in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our Class A Shares if we do not complete our initial business
combination by the Termination Date (as defined below) or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of
our Class A Shares. 

Unlike
many blank check companies that hold shareholder votes and conduct proxy solicitations in conjunction with their initial business combinations
and provide for related redemptions of Class A Shares for cash upon the completion of such initial business combinations even when a
vote is not required by law, if a shareholder vote is not required by applicable law or share exchange listing requirements and we do
not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other reasons, we will, pursuant to our Articles, conduct the redemptions pursuant
to the tender offer rules of the SEC, and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination.
Our Articles requires these tender offer documents to contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial
business combination and the redemption rights as is required under the SEC s proxy rules. If, however, a shareholder approval
of the transaction is required by applicable law or share exchange listing requirements, or we decide to obtain shareholder approval
for business or other reasons, we will, like many blank check companies, offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation
pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial
business combination only if we obtain the approval of an Ordinary Resolution. However, the participation of our sponsor, officers, directors,
advisors or their affiliates in privately-negotiated transactions, if any, could result in the approval of our initial business combination
even if a majority of our public shareholders vote, or indicate their intention to vote, against such initial business combination. For
purposes of seeking approval of the majority of our issued and outstanding Ordinary Shares, non-votes will have no effect on the approval
of our initial business combination once a quorum is obtained. Our Articles require that at least five clear days notice will
be given of any general meeting. 

If
we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business
combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, then, pursuant to our Articles, a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of
such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section
13 of the United States Exchange Act Exchange Act )), will be restricted from redeeming its shares in excess
of an amount equal to 15 of the Class A shares issued in our Initial Public Offering Excess Shares ), without
our prior consent. However, we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess
Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Our shareholders inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce their
influence over our ability to complete our initial business combination, and such shareholders could suffer a material loss in their
investment if they sell such Excess Shares on the open market. Additionally, such shareholders will not receive redemption distributions
with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our initial business combination. And, as a result, such shareholders will continue
to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, would be required to sell their shares in open market transactions in order to dispose
such shares, potentially at a loss. 

If
we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if we obtain the approval of an Ordinary Resolution.
In such case, our initial shareholders have agreed to vote their Class B Shares and Class A Shares in favor of our initial business combination.
As a result, in addition to our initial shareholders Class B Shares and Class A Shares, we would need no additional shares (assuming
only the minimum number of shares representing a quorum are voted and the over-allotment option is not exercised), and we would need
2,643,391 or 26.43 (assuming all of our Ordinary Shares are voted, the over-allotment option is not exercised, the initial shareholders
do not purchase any units in this offering or units or shares in the after-market and the representative shares are voted against of
the initial business combination), of the 10,000,000 Class A Shares sold in this offering to be voted in favor of an initial business
combination in order to have our initial business combination approved. Additionally, each public shareholder may elect to redeem their
Class A Shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction or vote at all. 

Pursuant
to our Articles if we have not consummated an initial business combination by the Termination Date, we will (i) cease all operations
except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem
the Class A Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including
interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any (less up to
 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of the then-outstanding Class A Shares, which redemption will
completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions,
if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders
and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject, in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for
claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement
with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to
any Class B Shares they hold if we fail to consummate an initial business combination by the Termination Date (although they will be
entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any Class A Shares they hold if we fail to complete our
initial business combination within the prescribed time frame). However, if our sponsor, our directors, our directors, our advisers,
EF Hutton, or any of their respective affiliates acquire Class A Shares after this offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions
from the trust account with respect to such Class A Shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed
time period. Our Articles provide that, if we wind up for any other reason prior to the consummation of our initial business combination,
we will follow the foregoing procedures with respect to the liquidation of the trust account as promptly as reasonably possible but not
more than ten business days thereafter, subject to applicable Cayman Islands law. 

Our
Articles provide that the Termination Date is the date that is 12 months after the closing of the Initial
Public Offering, which is February 12, 2024 (or up to 18 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering, which is August 12,
2024, at the election of the Company pursuant to six one month extensions subject to satisfaction of certain conditions, including the
deposit of up to 330,000 or 379,500 if the underwriters over-allotment option is exercised in full 0.033 per unit in either
case) for such one month extension, into the trust account, or as extended by the Company s shareholders in accordance with our
Articles). 

In
the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the company after a business combination, our shareholders are entitled to share
ratably in all assets remaining available for distribution to them after payment of liabilities and after provision is made for each
class of shares, if any, having preference over the Ordinary Shares. Our shareholders have no preemptive or other subscription rights.
There are no sinking fund provisions applicable to the Ordinary Shares, except that we will provide our public shareholders with the
opportunity to redeem their Class A Shares for cash at a per share price equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account,
including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any, divided
by the number of the then-outstanding Class A Shares, upon the completion of our initial business combination, subject to the limitations
described herein. 

Class
B Shares and Placement Shares 

The
Class B Shares and placement shares are identical to the Class A Shares included in the units being sold in this offering, and holders
of Class B Shares and placement shares have the same shareholder rights as public shareholders, except that (i) the Class B Shares and
placement shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described in more detail below, (ii) our sponsor, officers and directors
have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed (A) to waive their redemption rights with respect to
any Class B Shares, placement shares and any Class A Shares held by them in connection with the completion of our initial business combination,
(B) to waive their redemption rights with respect to their Class B Shares, placement shares, and Class A Shares in connection with a
shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our Articles to (i) modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide for the redemption
of our Class A Shares in connection with an initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our Class A Shares if we do not complete
our initial business combination by the Termination Date or (ii) with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders 
rights or pre-initial business combination activity, and (C) to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account
with respect to any Class B Shares or placement shares held by them if we fail to complete our initial business combination by the Termination
Date, although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any Class A Shares they hold
if we fail to complete our initial business combination within such time period, (iii) the Class A Shares are shares of our Class B Shares
that will automatically convert into our Class A Shares at the time of our initial business combination on a one-for-one basis, subject
to adjustment pursuant to certain anti-dilution rights as described herein and (iv) are entitled to registration rights. If we submit
our initial business combination to our public shareholders for a vote, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed (and its permitted
transferees will agree) pursuant to the letter agreement to vote any founder shares held by them and any public shares purchased during
or after this offering (including in open market and privately-negotiated transactions) in favor of our initial business combination. 

In
the case that additional Class A Shares or equity-linked securities are issued or deemed issued in connection with our initial business
combination, the number of Class A Shares issuable upon conversion of all Class B Shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted
basis, approximately 30 of the sum of the total number of all Class A Shares outstanding upon the completion of this offering (without
giving effect to the private placement and assuming they do not purchase any units in this offering and the Class A Shares to be issued
to the representative as compensation), plus the total number of Class Shares issued, or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or
exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation
of the initial business combination, excluding any Class A Shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class
A Shares issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial business combination and any private placement-equivalent units issued
to our sponsor, officers or directors upon conversion of working capital loans; provided that such conversion of founder shares will
never occur on a less than one for one basis. We cannot determine at this time whether a majority of the holders of our Class B Shares
at the time of any future issuance would agree to waive such adjustment to the conversion ratio. 

Prior
to our initial business combination, only holders of our Class B Shares will have the right to vote on the appointment of directors.
Holders of our Class A Shares will not be entitled to vote on the appointment of directors during such time. In addition, prior to the
completion of an initial business combination, holders of a majority of our Class B Shares may remove a member of the board of directors
for any reason by Ordinary Resolution. These provisions of our Articles may only be amended by a Special Resolution passed by not less
than 90 of our Ordinary Shares who attend and vote at our general meeting. With respect to any other matter submitted to a vote of our
shareholders, including any vote in connection with our initial business combination, except as required by law, holders of our Class
B Shares and holders of our Class A Shares will vote together as a single class, with each share entitling the holder to one vote. 

Register
of Members 

Under
Cayman Islands law, we must keep a register of members and there will be entered therein: 

the
 names and addresses of the members, with a statement of the shares held by each member and of the statement shall: 

distinguish
 each share by its number (so long as the share has a number); 

confirm
 the amount paid, or agreed to be considered as paid on the shares of each members; 

confirm
 the number and category of shares held by each member; 

confirm
 whether each relevant category of shares held by a member carries voting rights under the Articles, and if so, whether such voting
 rights are conditional; 

whether
 there are voting rights attached to the shares in issue; 

the
 date on which the name of any person was entered on the register as a member; and 

the
 date on which any person ceased to be a member. 

Under
Cayman Islands law, the register of members of our company is prima facie evidence of the matters set out therein (i.e., the register
of members will raise a presumption of fact on the matters referred to above unless rebutted) and a member registered in the register
of members will be deemed as a matter of Cayman Islands law to have legal title to the shares as set against its name in the register
of members. However, there are certain limited circumstances where an application may be made to a Cayman Islands court for a determination
on whether the register of members reflects the correct legal position. Further, the Cayman Islands court has the power to order that
the register of members maintained by a company should be rectified where it considers that the register of members does not reflect
the correct legal position. If an application for an order for rectification of the register of members were made in respect of our Ordinary
Shares, then the validity of such shares may be subject to re-examination by a Cayman Islands court. 

Preference
Shares 

Our
Articles authorizes 1,000,000 preference shares and provides that preference shares may be issued from time to time in one or more series.
Our board of directors are authorized to fix the voting rights, if any, designations, powers, preferences, the relative, participating,
optional or other special rights and any qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, applicable to the shares of each series.
Our board of directors will be able to, without shareholder approval, issue preference shares with voting and other rights that could
adversely affect the voting power and other rights of the holders of the Ordinary Shares and could have anti-takeover effects. The ability
of our board of directors to issue preference shares without shareholder approval could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing
a change of control of us or the removal of existing management. We have no preference shares issued and outstanding at the date hereof.
Although we do not currently intend to issue any preference shares, we cannot assure you that we will not do so in the future. 

Redeemable
Warrants 

Public
Shareholders Warrants 

Each
whole warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one of our Class A Shares at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment
as discussed below, at any time commencing on the later of 12 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering and the date of
the consummation of our initial business combination. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only
for a whole number of Class A Shares. This means that only a whole warrant may be exercised at any given time by a warrant holder. No
fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade. 

The
warrants will expire five years after the completion of our initial business combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier
upon redemption or liquidation. 

We
will not be obligated to deliver any Class A Shares pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation to settle such
warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the United States Securities Act Securities Act with respect to the Class A Shares underlying the warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to
our satisfying our obligations described below with respect to registration. No warrant will be exercisable and we will not be obligated
to issue Class A Shares upon exercise of a warrant unless the Class A Shares issuable upon such warrant exercise have been registered,
qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the registered holder of the warrants. In the
event that the conditions in the two immediately preceding sentences are not satisfied with respect to a warrant, the holder of such
warrant will not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In no event will we be
required to net cash settle any warrant. In the event that a registration statement is not effective for the exercised warrants, the
purchaser of a unit containing such warrant will have paid the full purchase price for the unit solely for the Class A Share underlying
such unit. 

We
have not registered the Class A Shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants. However, we have agreed that we will use our best efforts
to file with the SEC a registration statement covering the Class A Shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants, to cause such registration
statement to become effective and to maintain a current prospectus relating to those Class A Shares until the warrants expire or are
redeemed, as specified in the warrant agreement. If a registration statement covering the Class A Shares issuable upon exercise of the
warrants is not effective by the 60th business day after the closing of our initial business combination, warrant holders may, until
such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when we will have failed to maintain an effective registration
statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption.
If that exemption, or another exemption, is not available, holders will not be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. 

Once
the warrants become exercisable, we may call the warrants for redemption: 

in
 whole and not in part; 

at
 a price of 0.01 per warrant; 

upon
 not less than 30 days prior written notice of redemption given after the warrants become exercisable (the 30-day redemption
 period to each warrant holder; and 

if,
 and only if, the reported last sale price of the Class A Shares equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions,
 share dividends, rights issuances, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day
 period commencing once the warrants become exercisable and ending three business days before we send the notice of redemption to
 the warrant holders. 

If
and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may not exercise our redemption right if the issuance of ordinary shares upon exercise
of the warrants is not exempt from registration or qualification under applicable state blue sky laws or we are unable to effect such
registration or qualification. We will use our best efforts to register or qualify such Ordinary Shares under the blue sky laws of the
state of residence in those states in which the warrants were offered by us in our Initial Public Offering. 

We
have established the last of the redemption criterion discussed above to prevent a redemption call unless there is at the time of the
call a significant premium to the warrant exercise price. If the foregoing conditions are satisfied and we issue a notice of redemption
of the warrants, each warrant holder will be entitled to exercise its warrant prior to the scheduled redemption date. However, the price
of the Class A Share may fall below the 18.00 redemption trigger price (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share dividends, reorganizations,
recapitalizations and the like) as well as the 11.50 warrant exercise price after the redemption notice is issued. 

If
we call the warrants for redemption as described above, our management will have the option to require any holder that wishes to exercise
its warrant to do so on a cashless basis. In determining whether to require all holders to exercise their warrants on a
 cashless basis, our management will consider, among other factors, our cash position, the number of warrants that are outstanding
and the dilutive effect on our shareholders of issuing the maximum number of Class A Shares issuable upon the exercise of our warrants.
If our management takes advantage of this option, all holders of warrants would pay the exercise price by surrendering their warrants
for that number of Class A Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of Class A Shares underlying
the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and the fair market value (defined
below) by (y) the fair market value. 

The
 fair market value for this purpose shall mean the average reported last sale price of the Class A Shares for the 10 trading
days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. If our management
takes advantage of this option, the notice of redemption will contain the information necessary to calculate the number of Class A Shares
to be received upon exercise of the warrants, including the fair market value in such case. Requiring a cashless exercise
in this manner will reduce the number of shares to be issued and thereby lessen the dilutive effect of a warrant redemption. We believe
this feature is an attractive option to us if we do not need the cash from the exercise of the warrants after our initial business combination.
If we call our warrants for redemption and our management does not take advantage of this option, our sponsor and its permitted transferees
would still be entitled to exercise their placement warrants for cash or on a cashless basis using the same formula described above that
other warrant holders would have been required to use had all warrant holders been required to exercise their warrants on a cashless
basis, as described in more detail below. 

A
holder of a warrant may notify us in writing in the event it elects to be subject to a requirement that such holder will not have the
right to exercise such warrant, to the extent that after giving effect to such exercise, such person (together with such person s
affiliates), to the warrant agent s actual knowledge, would beneficially own in excess of 4.9 or 9.8 (or such other amount as
a holder may specify) of the Class A Shares outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise. 

If
the number of outstanding Class A Shares is increased by a stock dividend payable in Class A Shares, or by a split-up of Class A Shares
or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such stock dividend, split-up or similar event, the number of Class A Shares issuable
on exercise of each whole warrant will be increased in proportion to such increase in the outstanding Class A Shares. A rights offering
to holders of Class A Shares entitling holders to purchase Class A Shares at a price less than the fair market value will be deemed a
stock dividend of a number of Class A Shares equal to the product of (i) the number of Class A Shares actually sold in such rights offering
(or issuable under any other equity securities sold in such rights offering that are convertible into or exercisable for Class A Shares)
and (ii) one (1) minus the quotient of (x) the price per Class A Shares paid in such rights offering divided by (y) the fair market value.
For these purposes (i) if the rights offering is for securities convertible into or exercisable for Class A Shares, in determining the
price payable for Class A Shares, there will be taken into account any consideration received for such rights, as well as any additional
amount payable upon exercise or conversion and (ii) fair market value means the volume weighted average price of Class A Shares as reported
during the ten (10) trading day period ending on the trading day prior to the first date on which the Class A Shares trade on the applicable
exchange or in the applicable market, regular way, without the right to receive such rights. 

In
addition, if we, at any time while the warrants are outstanding and unexpired, pay a dividend or make a distribution in cash, securities
or other assets to the holders of Class A Shares on account of such Class A Shares (or other shares into which the warrants are convertible),
other than (a) as described above, (b) certain ordinary cash dividends, (c) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of Class
A Shares in connection with a proposed initial business combination, (d) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of Class A Shares
in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our Articles (i) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption
in connection with our initial business combination or certain amendments to our Articles prior thereto or to redeem 100 of our Class
A Shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by the Termination Date or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating
to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, or (e) in connection with the redemption of our Class A Shares
upon our failure to complete our initial business combination, then the warrant exercise price will be decreased, effective immediately
after the effective date of such event, by the amount of cash and/or the fair market value of any securities or other assets paid on
each Class A Share in respect of such event. 

If
the number of our issued and outstanding Class A Shares is decreased by a consolidation, combination, or re-designation of Class A Shares
or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such consolidation, combination, re-designation or similar event, the number of
Class A Shares issuable on exercise of each warrant will be decreased in proportion to such decrease in outstanding Class A Shares. 

Whenever
the number of Class A Shares purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants is adjusted, as described above, the warrant exercise price
will be adjusted by multiplying the warrant exercise price immediately prior to such adjustment by a fraction (x) the numerator of which
will be the number of Class A Shares purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants immediately prior to such adjustment, and (y) the
denominator of which will be the number of Class A Shares so purchasable immediately thereafter. 

In
case of any reclassification or reorganization of the outstanding Class A Shares (other than those described above or that solely affects
the par value of such Class A Shares), or in the case of any merger or consolidation of us with or into another corporation (other than
a consolidation or merger in which we are the continuing corporation and that does not result in any reclassification or reorganization
of our outstanding Class A Shares), or in the case of any sale or conveyance to another corporation or entity of the assets or other
property of us as an entirety or substantially as an entirety in connection with which we are dissolved, the holders of the warrants
will thereafter have the right to purchase and receive, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified in the warrants and
in lieu of the Class A Shares immediately theretofore purchasable and receivable upon the exercise of the rights represented thereby,
the kind and amount of shares of stock or other securities or property (including cash) receivable upon such reclassification, reorganization,
merger or consolidation, or upon a dissolution following any such sale or transfer, that the holder of the warrants would have received
if such holder had exercised their warrants immediately prior to such event. 

However,
if less than 70 of the consideration receivable by the holders of Class A Shares in such a transaction is payable in the form of Class
A Shares in the successor entity that is listed for trading on a national securities exchange or is quoted in an established over-the-counter
market, or is to be so listed for trading or quoted immediately following such event, and if the registered holder of the warrant properly
exercises the warrant within thirty days following public disclosure of such transaction, the warrant exercise price will be reduced
as specified in the warrant agreement based on the Black-Scholes value (as defined in the warrant agreement) of the warrant. The purpose
of such exercise price reduction is to provide additional value to holders of the warrants when an extraordinary transaction occurs during
the exercise period of the warrants pursuant to which the holders of the warrants otherwise do not receive the full potential value of
the warrants in order to determine and realize the option value component of the warrant. This formula is to compensate the warrant holder
for the loss of the option value portion of the warrant due to the requirement that the warrant holder exercise the warrant within 30
days of the event. The Black-Scholes model is an accepted pricing model for estimating fair market value where no quoted market price
for an instrument is available. 

The
warrants will be issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant
agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure
any ambiguity or correct any mistake, including to conform the provisions of the warrant agreement to the description of the terms of
the warrants and the warrant agreement set forth in this prospectus, or defective provision, but requires the approval by the holders
of at least a majority of the then outstanding public warrants to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered
holders of public warrants. 

In
addition, if (x) we issue additional Class A Shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing
of our initial business combination at a Newly Issued Price of less than 9.20 per Class A Share (with such issue price or effective
issue price to be determined in good faith by our board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to our sponsor or its affiliates,
without taking into account any Class B Shares held by our sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance), (y) the
aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for
the funding of our initial business combination on the date of the consummation of our initial business combination (net of redemptions),
and (z) the Market Value is below 9.20 per share, then the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to
be equal to 115 of the greater of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 18.00 per share redemption trigger price described
above will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the greater of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. 

The
warrants may be exercised upon surrender of the warrant certificate on or prior to the expiration date at the offices of the warrant
agent, with the exercise form on the reverse side of the warrant certificate completed and executed as indicated, accompanied by full
payment of the exercise price (or on a cashless basis, if applicable), by certified or official bank check payable to us, for the number
of warrants being exercised. The warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of Class A Shares and any voting rights
until they exercise their warrants and receive Class A Shares. After the issuance of Class A Shares upon exercise of the warrants, each
holder will be entitled to one (1) vote for each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. 

No
fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the warrants. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive
a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number of Class A Shares to be issued to the
warrant holder. 

We
have agreed that, subject to applicable law, any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the
warrant agreement will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern
District of New York, and we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction will be the exclusive forum for any such action,
proceeding or claim. This provision applies to claims under the Securities Act but does not apply to claims under the Exchange Act or
any claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. 

Dividends 

We
have not paid any cash dividends on our Ordinary Shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of a
business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements
and general financial conditions subsequent to completion of a business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to
a business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. If we increase or decrease the size of the
offering we may effect a stock dividend or a share contribution back to capital or other appropriate mechanism, as applicable, with respect
to our Class B Shares immediately prior to the consummation of the offering in such amount as to maintain the ownership of our initial
shareholders at 30.0 of the issued and outstanding ordinary shares (excluding the representative shares, the placement units and the
underlying securities and assuming they do not purchase any units in this offering) upon the consummation of this offering. Further,
if we incur any indebtedness, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection
therewith. 

Our
Transfer Agent 

The
transfer agent for our Ordinary Shares and warrant agent for our warrants is Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. We have
agreed to indemnify Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company in its roles as transfer agent, its agents and each of its shareholders,
directors, officers and employees against all claims and losses that may arise out of acts performed or omitted for its activities in
that capacity, except for any liability due to any gross negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith of the indemnified person or entity. 

Certain
Differences in Corporate Law 

Cayman
Islands companies are governed by the Companies Act. The Companies Act is modeled on English law but does not follow recent English law
statutory enactments, and differs from laws applicable to United States corporations and their shareholders. Set forth below is a summary
of the material differences between the provisions of the Companies Act applicable to us and the laws applicable to companies incorporated
in the United States and their shareholders. 

Mergers
and Similar Arrangements. In certain circumstances, the Companies Act allows for mergers or consolidations between two Cayman Islands
companies, or between a Cayman Islands exempted company and a company incorporated in another jurisdiction (provided that is facilitated
by the laws of that other jurisdiction). 

Where
the merger or consolidation is between two Cayman Islands companies, the directors of each company must approve a written plan of merger
or consolidation containing certain prescribed information. That plan of merger or consolidation must then be authorized by either (a)
a special resolution (usually a majority of at least two-thirds in value of the voting shares voted at a general meeting) of the shareholders
of each company; or (b) such other authorization, if any, as may be specified in such constituent company s articles of association.
No shareholder resolution is required for a merger between a parent company (i.e., a company that holds issued shares that together represent
90 of the votes at a general meeting of the subsidiary company) and its subsidiary company. The consent of each holder of a fixed or
floating security interest of a constituent company must be obtained, unless the court waives such requirement. If the Cayman Islands
Registrar of Companies is satisfied that the requirements of the Companies Act (which includes certain other formalities) have been complied
with, the Registrar of Companies will register the plan of merger or consolidation. 

Where
the merger or consolidation involves a foreign company, the procedure is similar, save that with respect to the foreign company, the
directors of the Cayman Islands exempted company are required to make a declaration to the effect that, having made due enquiry, they
are of the opinion that the requirements set out below have been met: (i) that the merger or consolidation is permitted or not prohibited
by the constitutional documents of the foreign company and by the laws of the jurisdiction in which the foreign company is incorporated,
and that those laws and any requirements of those constitutional documents have been or will be complied with; (ii) that no petition
or other similar proceeding has been filed and remains outstanding or order made or resolution adopted to wind up or liquidate the foreign
company in any jurisdictions; (iii) that no receiver, trustee, administrator or other similar person has been appointed in any jurisdiction
and is acting in respect of the foreign company, its affairs or its property or any part thereof; and (iv) that no scheme, order, compromise
or other similar arrangement has been entered into or made in any jurisdiction whereby the rights of creditors of the foreign company
are and continue to be suspended or restricted. 

Where
the surviving company is the Cayman Islands exempted company, the directors of the Cayman Islands exempted company are further required
to make a declaration to the effect that, having made due enquiry, they are of the opinion that the requirements set out below have been
met: (i) that the foreign company is able to pay its debts as they fall due and that the merger or consolidation is bona fide and not
intended to defraud unsecured creditors of the foreign company; (ii) that in respect of the transfer of any security interest granted
by the foreign company to the surviving or consolidated company (a) consent or approval to the transfer has been obtained, released or
waived; (b) the transfer is permitted by and has been approved in accordance with the constitutional documents of the foreign company;
and (c) the laws of the jurisdiction of the foreign company with respect to the transfer have been or will be complied with; (iii) that
the foreign company will, upon the merger or consolidation becoming effective, cease to be incorporated, registered or exist under the
laws of the relevant foreign jurisdiction; and (iv) that there is no other reason why it would be against the public interest to permit
the merger or consolidation. 

Where
the above procedures are adopted, the Companies Act provides for a right of dissenting shareholders to be paid a payment of the fair
value of his shares upon their dissenting to the merger or consolidation if they follow a prescribed procedure. In essence, that procedure
is as follows: (a) the shareholder must give his written objection to the merger or consolidation to the constituent company before the
vote on the merger or consolidation, including a statement that the shareholder proposes to demand payment for his shares if the merger
or consolidation is authorized by the vote; (b) within 20 days following the date on which the merger or consolidation is approved by
the shareholders, the constituent company must give written notice to each shareholder who made a written objection; (c) a shareholder
must within 20 days following receipt of such notice from the constituent company, give the constituent company a written notice of his
intention to dissent including, among other details, a demand for payment of the fair value of his shares; (d) within seven days following
the date of the expiration of the period set out in paragraph (b) above or seven days following the date on which the plan of merger
or consolidation is filed, whichever is later, the constituent company, the surviving company or the consolidated company must make a
written offer to each dissenting shareholder to purchase his shares at a price that the company determines is the fair value and if the
company and the shareholder agree on the price within 30 days following the date on which the offer was made, the company must pay the
shareholder such amount; and (e) if the company and the shareholder fail to agree a price within such 30 day period, within 20 days following
the date on which such 30 day period expires, the company (and any dissenting shareholder) must file a petition with the Cayman Islands
Grand Court to determine the fair value and such petition must be accompanied by a list of the names and addresses of the dissenting
shareholders with whom agreements as to the fair value of their shares have not been reached by the company. At the hearing of that petition,
the court has the power to determine the fair value of the shares together with a fair rate of interest, if any, to be paid by the company
upon the amount determined to be the fair value. Any dissenting shareholder whose name appears on the list filed by the company may participate
fully in all proceedings until the determination of fair value is reached. These rights of a dissenting shareholder are not available
in certain circumstances, for example, to dissenters holding shares of any class in respect of which an open market exists on a recognized
stock exchange or recognized interdealer quotation system at the relevant date or where the consideration for such shares to be contributed
are shares of any company listed on a national securities exchange or shares of the surviving or consolidated company. 

Moreover,
Cayman Islands law has separate statutory provisions that facilitate the reconstruction or amalgamation of companies in certain circumstances.
Such schemes of arrangement will generally be more suited for complex mergers or other transactions involving widely held companies,
commonly referred to in the Cayman Islands as a Scheme of arrangement which may be tantamount to a merger. In the event
that a merger was sought pursuant to a scheme of arrangement (the procedures for which are more rigorous and take longer to complete
than the procedures typically required to consummate a merger in the United States), the arrangement in question must be approved by
a majority in number of each class of shareholders and creditors with whom the arrangement is to be made and who must in addition represent
three-fourths in value of each such class of shareholders or creditors, as the case may be, that are present and voting either in person
or by proxy at a general meeting, or meeting summoned for that purpose. The convening of the meetings and subsequently the terms of the
arrangement must be sanctioned by the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands. While a dissenting shareholder would have the right to express
to the court the view that the transaction should not be approved, the court can be expected to approve the arrangement if it satisfies
itself that: 

we
 are not proposing to act illegally or beyond the scope of our corporate authority and the statutory provisions as to majority vote
 have been complied with; 

the
 shareholders have been fairly represented at the meeting in question; 

the
 arrangement is such as a businessman would reasonably approve; and 

the
 arrangement is not one that would more properly be sanctioned under some other provision of the Companies Act or that would amount
 to a fraud on the minority. 

If
a scheme of arrangement or takeover offer (as described below) is approved, any dissenting shareholder would have no rights comparable
to appraisal rights (providing rights to receive payment in cash for the judicially determined value of the shares), which would otherwise
ordinarily be available to dissenting shareholders of United States corporations. 

Squeeze-out
Provisions. When a takeover offer is made and accepted by holders of 90 of the shares to whom the offer relates within four months,
the offeror may, within a two-month period, require the holders of the remaining shares to transfer such shares on the terms of the offer.
An objection can be made to the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands, but this is unlikely to succeed unless there is evidence of fraud,
bad faith, collusion or inequitable treatment of the shareholders. 

Further,
transactions similar to a merger, reconstruction and/or an amalgamation may in some circumstances be achieved through means other than
these statutory provisions, such as a share capital exchange, asset acquisition or control, or through contractual arrangements of an
operating business. 

Shareholders 
Suits. Harney Westwood Riegels Harneys ), our Cayman Islands legal counsel, is not aware of any
reported class action having been brought in a Cayman Islands court. Derivative actions have been brought in the Cayman Islands courts,
and the Cayman Islands courts have confirmed the availability for such actions. In most cases, we will be the proper plaintiff in any
claim based on a breach of duty owed to us, and a claim against (for example) our officers or directors usually may not be brought by
a shareholder. However, based both on Cayman Islands authorities and on English authorities, which would in all likelihood be of persuasive
authority and be applied by a court in the Cayman Islands, exceptions to the foregoing principle apply in circumstances in which: 

a
 company is acting, or proposing to act, illegally or beyond the scope of its authority; 

the
 act complained of, although not beyond the scope of the authority, could be effected if duly authorized by more than the number of
 votes which have actually been obtained; or 

those
 who control the company are perpetrating a fraud on the minority. 

A
shareholder may have a direct right of action against us where the individual rights of that shareholder have been infringed or are about
to be infringed. 

Enforcement
of Civil Liabilities. The Cayman Islands has a different body of securities laws as compared to the United States and provides less
protection to investors. Additionally, Cayman Islands companies may not have standing to sue before the federal courts of the United
States. 

We
have been advised by Harneys, our Cayman Islands legal counsel, that the courts of the Cayman Islands are unlikely (i) to recognize or
enforce against us judgments of courts of the United States predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities
laws of the United States or any state; and (ii) in original actions brought in the Cayman Islands, to impose liabilities against us
predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state, so far as the liabilities
imposed by those provisions are penal in nature. In those circumstances, although there is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands
of judgments obtained in the United States, the courts of the Cayman Islands will recognize and enforce a foreign money judgment of a
foreign court of competent jurisdiction without retrial on the merits based on the principle that a judgment of a competent foreign court
imposes upon the judgment debtor an obligation to pay the sum for which judgment has been given provided certain conditions are met.
For a foreign judgment to be enforced in the Cayman Islands, such judgment must be final and conclusive and for a liquidated sum, and
must not be in respect of taxes or a fine or penalty, inconsistent with a Cayman Islands judgment in respect of the same matter, impeachable
on the grounds of fraud or obtained in a manner, and or be of a kind the enforcement of which is contrary to natural justice or the public
policy of the Cayman Islands (awards of punitive or multiple damages may well be held to be contrary to public policy). A Cayman Islands
Court may stay enforcement proceedings if concurrent proceedings are being brought elsewhere. 

Special
Considerations for Exempted Companies. We are an exempted company with limited liability under the Companies Act. The Companies Act
distinguishes between ordinary resident companies and exempted companies. Any company that is registered in the Cayman Islands but conducts
business mainly outside of the Cayman Islands may apply to be registered as an exempted company. The requirements for an exempted company
are essentially the same as for an ordinary company except for certain exemptions and privileges including those listed below: 

annual
 reporting requirements are minimal and consist mainly of a statement that the company has conducted its operations mainly outside
 of the Cayman Islands and has compiled with the provisions of the Companies Act; 

an
 exempted company s register of members is not open to inspection and can be kept outside of the Cayman Islands; 

an
 exempted company does not have to hold an annual general meeting; 

an
 exempted company may issue shares with no par value; 

an
 exempted company may obtain an undertaking against the imposition of any future taxation (such undertakings are usually given for
 30 years in the first instance); 

an
 exempted company may register by way of continuation in another jurisdiction and be deregistered in the Cayman Islands; 

an
 exempted company may register as a limited duration company; and 

an
 exempted company may register as a segregated portfolio company. 

Limited
liability means that the liability of each shareholder is limited to the amount if any unpaid on the shares held by such shareholder
in the company (except in exceptional circumstances, such as involving fraud, the establishment of an agency relationship or an illegal
or improper purpose or other circumstances in which a court may be prepared to pierce or lift the corporate veil). 

Our
Articles. 

Our
Articles contain provisions designed to provide certain rights and protections relating to this offering that will apply to us until
the completion of our initial business combination. These provisions cannot be amended without a special resolution under Cayman Islands
law. As a matter of Cayman Islands law, a resolution is deemed to be a special resolution where it has been adopted by the affirmative
vote of at least a two-thirds majority (or such higher threshold as specified in the company s amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association) of the votes cast by the holders of the issued shares present in person or represented by proxy at a general
meeting of the company and entitled to vote on such matter or a resolution approved in writing by all of the holders of the issued shares
entitled to vote on such matter. Other than as described above, our Articles provide that special resolutions must be approved either
by at least two-thirds (or such higher threshold as specified in the company s Articles) of the shares voted at a general meeting
of the company (i.e., the lowest threshold permissible under Cayman Islands law), or by a unanimous written resolution of all of our
shareholders. 

Our
initial shareholders, who will collectively beneficially own 32.25 of our Ordinary Shares upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering
(assuming they do not purchase any units in this offering), will participate in any vote to amend our Articles and will have the discretion
to vote in any manner they choose. Specifically, our Articles provide, among other things, that: 

If
 we have not consummated an initial business combination within 12 months from the closing of this offering (or up to a 18-month period
 if we choose to extend such period, as described in more detail in this prospectus, or as extended by the Company s shareholders
 in accordance with our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association), we will (i) cease all operations except for
 the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public
 shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest
 earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released (which shall be net of taxes payable and less up to 100,000
 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely
 extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if
 any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders
 and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject, in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide
 for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law; 

Prior
 to or in connection with our initial business combination, we may not issue additional securities that would entitle the holders
 thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote as a class with our public shares (a) on our initial business combination
 or on any other proposal presented to shareholders prior to or in connection with the completion of an initial business combination
 or (b) to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to (x) extend the time we have
 to consummate a business combination beyond 12 months from the closing of this offering (or up to a 18-month period if we choose
 to extend such period, as described in more detail in this prospectus, or as extended by the Company s shareholders in accordance
 with our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association) or (y) amend the foregoing provisions; 

Although
 we do not intend to enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors,
 we are not prohibited from doing so. In the event we enter into such a transaction, we, or a committee of independent directors,
 will obtain an opinion from independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions
 that such a business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view; 

If
 a shareholder vote on our initial business combination is not required by applicable law or share exchange listing requirements and
 we do not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other reasons, we will offer to redeem our public shares pursuant to
 Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, and will file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial
 business combination, which contain substantially the same financial and other information about our initial business combination
 and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act; 

So
long as our securities are then listed on Nasdaq, our initial business combination must occur with one or more target businesses that
together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the value of the net assets held in the trust account (excluding the
amount of deferred underwriting commissions held in trust and taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account) at the time of
signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination; 

If
 our shareholders approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the
 substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in
 connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business
 combination within 12 months from the closing of this offering (or up to a 18-month period if we choose to extend such period, as
 described in more detail in this prospectus, or as extended by the Company s shareholders in accordance with our amended and
 restated memorandum and articles of association) or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of
 our Class A ordinary shares, we will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their ordinary
 shares upon such approval at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account,
 including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released (which shall be net of taxes payable),
 divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein; and 

We
 will not effectuate our initial business combination solely with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations. 

In
addition, our Articles provide that under no circumstances will we redeem our Class A shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible
assets to be less than 5,000,001. 

The
Companies Act permits a company incorporated in the Cayman Islands to amend its memorandum and articles of association with the approval
of a special resolution. A company s articles of association may specify that the approval of a higher majority is required but,
provided the approval of the required majority is obtained, any Cayman Islands exempted company may amend its memorandum and articles
of association regardless of whether its memorandum and articles of association provide otherwise. Accordingly, although we could amend
any of the provisions relating to our proposed offering, structure and business plan which are contained in our Articles, we view all
of these provisions as binding obligations to our shareholders and neither we, nor our officers or directors, will take any action to
amend or waive any of these provisions unless we provide dissenting public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Class A
Shares. 

Anti-Money
Laundering, Counter-Terrorist Financing, Prevention of Proliferation Financing and Financial Sanctions Compliance Cayman Islands 

If
any person resident in the Cayman Islands knows or suspects, or has reasonable grounds for knowing or suspecting, that another person
is engaged in criminal conduct, is involved with terrorism or terrorist property or proliferation financing or is the business combination
partner of a financial sanction and the information for that knowledge or suspicion came to their attention in the course of business
in the regulated sector or other trade, profession, business or employment, the person will be required to report such knowledge or suspicion
to (i) the Financial Reporting Authority of the Cayman Islands, pursuant to the Proceeds of Crime Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands
if the disclosure relates to criminal conduct, money laundering, or proliferation financing or is the business combination partner of
a financial sanction; or (ii) a police officer of the rank of constable or higher, or the Financial Reporting Authority, pursuant to
the Terrorism Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands, if the disclosure relates to involvement with terrorism or terrorist financing
and property. Such a report will not be treated as a breach of confidence or of any restriction upon the disclosure of information imposed
by any enactment or otherwise. We reserve the right to refuse to make any payment to a shareholder if our directors or officers suspect
or are advised that the payment to such shareholder might result in a breach of applicable anti-money laundering, counter-terrorist financing,
prevention of proliferation financing and financial sanctions or other laws or regulations by any person in any relevant jurisdiction,
or if such refusal is considered necessary or appropriate to ensure our compliance with any such laws or regulations in any applicable
jurisdiction. 

Data
Protection Cayman Islands 

We
have certain duties under the Data Protection Act, 2017 (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands (the DPA based on internationally
accepted principles of data privacy. 

Privacy
Notice 

Introduction 

This
privacy notice puts our shareholders on notice that through your investment in the company you will provide us with certain personal
information which constitutes personal data within the meaning of the DPA personal data ). In the following discussion,
the company refers to us and our affiliates and/or delegates, except where the context requires otherwise. 

Investor
Data 

We
will collect, use, disclose, retain and secure personal data to the extent reasonably required only and within the parameters that could
be reasonably expected during the normal course of business. We will only process, disclose, transfer or retain personal data to the
extent legitimately required to conduct our activities of on an ongoing basis or to comply with legal and regulatory obligations to which
we are subject. We will only transfer personal data in accordance with the requirements of the DPA, and will apply appropriate technical
and organizational information security measures designed to protect against unauthorized or unlawful processing of the personal data
and against the accidental loss, destruction or damage to the personal data. 

In
our use of this personal data, we will be characterized as a data controller for the purposes of the DPA, while our affiliates
and service providers who may receive this personal data from us in the conduct of our activities may either act as our data processors 
for the purposes of the DPA or may process personal information for their own lawful purposes in connection with services provided to
us. 

We
may also obtain personal data from other public sources. Personal data includes, without limitation, the following information relating
to a shareholder and/or any individuals connected with a shareholder as an investor: name, residential address, email address, contact
details, corporate contact information, signature, nationality, place of birth, date of birth, tax identification, credit history, correspondence
records, passport number, bank account details, source of funds details and details relating to the shareholder s investment activity. 

Who
this Affects 

If
you are a natural person, this will affect you directly. If you are a corporate investor (including, for these purposes, legal arrangements
such as trusts or exempted limited partnerships) that provides us with personal data on individuals connected to you for any reason in
relation your investment in the company, this will be relevant for those individuals and you should transmit the content of this Privacy
Notice to such individuals or otherwise advise them of its content. 

How
the Company May Use a Shareholder s Personal Data 

The
company, as the data controller, may collect, store and use personal data for lawful purposes, including, in particular: 

a) 
 where
 this is necessary for the performance of our rights and obligations under any purchase agreements; 

b) 
 where
 this is necessary for compliance with a legal and regulatory obligation to which we are subject (such as compliance with anti-money
 laundering and FATCA/CRS requirements); and/or 

c) 
 where
 this is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests and such interests are not overridden by your interests, fundamental
 rights or freedoms. 

Should
we wish to use personal data for other specific purposes (including, if applicable, any purpose that requires your consent), we will
contact you. 

Why
We May Transfer Your Personal Data 

In
certain circumstances we may be legally obliged to share personal data and other information with respect to your shareholding with the
relevant regulatory authorities such as the Cayman Islands Monetary Authority or the Tax Information Authority. They, in turn, may exchange
this information with foreign authorities, including tax authorities. 

We
anticipate disclosing personal data to persons who provide services to us and their respective affiliates (which may include certain
entities located outside the United States, the Cayman Islands or the European Economic Area), who will process your personal data on
our behalf. 

The
Data Protection Measures We Take 

Any
transfer of personal data by us or our duly authorized affiliates and/or delegates outside of the Cayman Islands shall be in accordance
with the requirements of the DPA. 

We
and our duly authorized affiliates and/or delegates shall apply appropriate technical and organizational information security measures
designed to protect against unauthorized or unlawful processing of personal data, and against accidental loss or destruction of, or damage
to, personal data. 

We
shall notify you of any personal data breach that is reasonably likely to result in a risk to your interests, fundamental rights or freedoms
or those data subjects to whom the relevant personal data relates. 

Rights
of Individual Data Subjects 

Individual
data subjects have certain data protection rights, including the right to: 

be
 informed about the purposes for which your personal data are processed; 

access
 your personal data; 

stop
 direct marketing; 

restrict
 the processing of your personal data; 

have
 incomplete or inaccurate personal data corrected; 

ask
 us to stop processing your personal data; 

be
 informed of a personal data breach (unless the breach is unlikely to be prejudicial to you); 

complain
 to the Data Protection Ombudsman; and 

require
 us to delete your personal data in some limited circumstances. 

Certain
Anti-takeover Provisions of our Articles 

Our
authorized but unissued Class A Shares and preference shares will be available for future issuances without shareholder approval and
could be utilized for a variety of corporate purposes, including future offerings to raise additional capital, acquisitions and employee
benefit plans. The existence of authorized but unissued and unreserved Class A Shares and preference shares could render more difficult
or discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise. 

Valuation
of Class Rights; Class B Shares Consent Right 

For
so long as any Class B Shares remain issued and outstanding, we may not, without the prior vote or written consent of the holders of
a majority of the Class B Shares then outstanding, voting separately as a single class, amend, alter or repeal any provision our Articles,
whether by merger, consolidation or otherwise, if such amendment, alteration or repeal would alter or change the powers, preferences
or relative, participating, optional or other or rights of the Class B Shares. Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting
of the holders of Class B Shares may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote, if a consent or consents in
writing, setting forth the action so taken, shall be signed by the holders of a majority of the outstanding Class B Shares. 

Securities
Eligible for Future Sale 

Immediately
after the consummation of the Initial Public Offering, we had 17,104,497 issued and outstanding. Of these shares, 11,500,000 Class A
Shares sold in this offering were freely tradable without restriction or further registration under the Securities Act, except for any
Class A Shares purchased by one of our affiliates within the meaning of Rule 144 under the Securities Act. All of the remaining 4,935,622
Class B Shares and 565,375 outstanding placement share, and 103,500 representative shares will be restricted securities under Rule 144,
in that they were issued in private transactions not involving a public offering. These restricted securities will be subject to registration
rights, as more fully described below under Registration Rights. 

Rule
144 

Pursuant
to Rule 144, a person who has beneficially owned restricted shares for at least six months would be entitled to sell their securities
provided that (i) such person is not deemed to have been one of our affiliates at the time of, or at any time during the three months
preceding, a sale and (ii) we are subject to the Exchange Act periodic reporting requirements for at least three months before the sale
and have filed all required reports under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the 12 months (or such shorter period as we
were required to file reports) preceding the sale. 

Persons
who have beneficially owned restricted shares for at least six months but who are our affiliates at the time of, or at any time during
the three months preceding, a sale, would be subject to additional restrictions, by which such person would be entitled to sell within
any three-month period only a number of securities that does not exceed the greater of: 

1 
 of the total number of Class A ordinary shares then outstanding, which will equal 148,932 shares immediately after this offering
 (or 171,045 if the underwriters exercise their over-allotment option in full); or 

the
 average weekly reported trading volume of our Class A ordinary shares during the four calendar weeks preceding the filing of a notice
 on Form 144 with respect to the sale. 

Sales
by our affiliates under Rule 144 are also limited by manner of sale provisions and notice requirements and to the availability of current
public information about us. 

Restrictions
on the Use of Rule 144 by Shell Companies or Former Shell Companies 

Rule
144 is not available for the resale of securities initially issued by shell companies (other than business combination related shell
companies) or issuers that have been at any time previously a shell company. However, Rule 144 also includes an important exception to
this prohibition if the following conditions are met: 

the
 issuer of the securities that was formerly a shell company has ceased to be a shell company; 

the
 issuer of the securities is subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act; 

the
 issuer of the securities has filed all Exchange Act reports and materials required to be filed, as applicable, during the preceding
 18 months (or such shorter period that the issuer was required to file such reports and materials), other than Current Reports on
 Form 8-K; and 

at
 least one year has elapsed from the time that the issuer filed current Form 10 type information with the SEC reflecting its status
 as an entity that is not a shell company. 

As
a result, our initial shareholders will be able to sell their Class B Shares and placement warrant (including component securities contained
therein), as applicable, pursuant to Rule 144 without registration one year after we have completed our initial business combination. 

Registration
Rights 

The
holders of the Class B Shares, the representative shares, placement warrants (including component securities contained therein) and warrants
(including securities contained therein) that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans and extension loans, and any Class
A Shares issuable upon the exercise of the placement warrants and any Class A Shares and warrants (and underlying Class A Shares) that
may be issued upon exercise of the warrants as part of the working capital loans and extension loans and Class A Shares issuable upon
conversion of the Class B Shares and the representative shares, will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights
agreement to be signed prior to or on the effective date of the Initial Public Offering, requiring us to register such securities for
resale (in the case of the Class B Shares, only after conversion to our Class A Shares). The holders of these securities are entitled
to make up to two demands, excluding short form demands, that we register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back 
registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination and
rights to require us to register for resale such securities pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. 

However,
the registration rights agreement provides that we will not permit any registration statement filed under the Securities Act to become
effective until termination of the applicable lockup period, which occurs (i) in the case of the Class B Shares, as described in the
following paragraph, and (ii) in the case of the placement warrants, 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination.
The registration rights agreement does not contain liquidated damages or other cash settlement provisions resulting from delays in registering
our securities. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 

Except
as described herein, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their Class B Shares, the
representative shares, placement warrants and warrants until the earlier to occur of: (A) six months after the completion of our initial
business combination or (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the last sale price of our Class A Shares equals or
exceeds 12.00 per unit (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading
days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we
complete a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of our shareholders
having the right to exchange their Class A Shares for cash, securities or other property. 

Listing
of Securities 

Our
units, Class A Shares and warrants are listed on the Nasdaq Global Market under the symbols PTHRU, PTHR ,
and PTHRW, respectively. 

</EX-4.5>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I,
Davin Kazama, certify that: 

1. I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Pono
 Capital Three, Inc.; 

2. Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
 omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
 under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
 by this report; 

3. Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
 report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
 and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
 disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
 for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
 to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
 registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
 those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) (Paragraph
 omitted pursuant to SEC Release Nos. 33-8238/34-47986 and 33-8392/34-49313); 

c) Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
 in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
 that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
 fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
 reporting; and 

5. The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
 evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
 and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

(a) All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
 over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
 ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
 role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 March 29, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Davin Kazama 

Davin
 Kazama 

Co-Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I,
Gary Miyashiro, certify that: 

1. I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Pono
 Capital Three, Inc.; 

2. Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
 omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
 under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
 by this report; 

3. Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
 report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
 and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
 disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
 for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
 to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
 registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
 those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) (Paragraph
 omitted pursuant to SEC Release Nos. 33-8238/34-47986 and 33-8392/34-49313); 

c) Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
 in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
 that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
 fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
 reporting; and 

5. The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
 evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
 and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

(a) All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
 over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
 ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
 role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 March 29, 2023 
 By:
 
 /s/
 Gary Miyashiro 

Gary
 Miyashiro 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADDED BY 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Pono Capital
Three, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
(the Report ), I, Davin Kazama, Co-Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as
added by 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. To my knowledge, the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects,
the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

Date: March 29, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Davin
 Kazama 

Davin Kazama 

Co-Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADDED BY 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Pono Capital
Three, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
(the Report ), I, Gary Miyashiro, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as added
by 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. To my knowledge, the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the
financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

Date: March 29, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Gary Miyashiro 

Gary Miyashiro 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 pthru-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 pthru-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 pthru-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 pthru-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

