<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230329_10-K_edgar_data_1819253_0000950170-23-010664.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>16757344</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>760710</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2024137</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>7842331</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2253915</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3508474</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-010664.hdr.sgml : 20230329
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230329172847
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-010664
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		105
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230329
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230329

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			biote Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001819253
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MEDICINAL CHEMICALS & BOTANICAL PRODUCTS [2833]
		IRS NUMBER:				851791125
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40128
		FILM NUMBER:		23776299

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1875 W. WALNUT HILL LN #100
		CITY:			IRVING
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75038
		BUSINESS PHONE:		972-486-9346

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1875 W. WALNUT HILL LN #100
		CITY:			IRVING
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75038

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Haymaker Acquisition Corp. III
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200727

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-010664.txt : 20230329

10-K
 1
 btmd-20221231.htm
 10-K

10-K 

25.6 
 
 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, DC 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 
 OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from ______________ to ______________ 
 Commission File Number: 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 

(State of incorporation) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive o cers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 As of June 30, 2022, the last day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value of the Common Stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately million, based on the closing price of the registrant s common stock of 3.77 on June 30, 2022. Shares of the registrant s common stock held by each officer and director and stockholders that the registrant has concluded are affiliates of the registrant. This determination of affiliate status is not a determination for other purposes. 
 As o f March 15, 2023, the registrant had shares of Class A common stock, 0.0001 par value per share, outstanding and share s of Class V voting stock, 0.0001 par value per share, outstanding. 

Table of Contents 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 5 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 25 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 56 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 56 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 56 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 57 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 58 

Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 58 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 58 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 69 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 69 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 69 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 69 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 70 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 70 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 71 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 78 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 82 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 84 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 87 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 88 

Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 89 

1 
 
 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Annual Report contains forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements relate to expectations for future financial performance, business strategies, or expectations for the Company s business. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding the Company s or its management team s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions, or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts, or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements are contained principally in the sections titled Risk Factors, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, and elsewhere in this Annual Report. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as may, can, should, will, estimate, plan, project, forecast, intend, expect, hope, anticipate, believe, seek, target, continue, could, might, ongoing, potential, predict, would or similar expressions. 
 These forward-looking statements are based on information available as of the date of this Annual Report, and our management s current expectations, forecasts and assumptions, and involve a number of judgments, risks and uncertainties. Accordingly, forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing the Company s views as of any subsequent date. The Company does not undertake any obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date they were made, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. 
 You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. As a result of a number of known and unknown risks and uncertainties, the Company s actual results or performance may be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Some factors that could cause actual results to differ include: 
 the success of our dietary supplements to attain significant market acceptance among clinics, practitioners and their patients; 

our customers reliance on certain third parties to support the manufacturing of bio-identical hormones for prescribers; 

our and our customers sensitive to regulatory, economic, environmental and competitive conditions in certain geographic regions; 

our ability to increase the use by practitioners and clinics of the Biote Method at the rate that we anticipate or at all; 

our ability to grow our business; 

the significant competition we face in our industry; 

our limited operating history; 

our ability to protect our intellectual property; 

the unpredictability of the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic; 

the heavy regulatory oversight in our industry; 

changes in applicable laws or regulations; 

the inability to profitably expand in existing markets and into new markets; 

the possibility that we may be adversely impacted by other economic, business and/or competitive factors; 

future exchange and interest rates; and 

other risks and uncertainties indicated in this Annual Report, including those under Risk Factors herein, and other filings the Company has made, or will make, with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). 

2 
 
 SUMMARY OF RISK FACTORS 
 The following is a summary of the risk factors our business faces. The list below is not exhaustive, and investors should read this Risk Factors section in full. Some of the risks we face include: 
 Summary of Risks Related to Our Industry and Business 
 Our success will depend upon whether the Biote Method and our Biote-branded dietary supplements attain significant market acceptance among clinics, practitioners and their patients. 

Outsourcing facilities that produce bioidentical hormone pellets that we offer training on in the Biote Method and failure by those parties to adequately perform their obligations could harm our business. 

We and Biote-certified practitioners and Biote-partnered clinics are reliant on AnazaoHealth Corporation, Right Value Drug Stores, LLC. and F.H. Investments, Inc. to support the manufacturing of bio-identical hormones for prescribers. 

Biote-certified practitioners and Biote-partnered clinics are concentrated in certain geographic regions, which makes us sensitive to regulatory, economic, environmental and competitive conditions in those regions. 

The frequency of use by practitioners and clinics of the Biote Method may not increase at the rate that we anticipate or at all. 

Adoption of the Biote Method depends upon appropriate practitioner training, and inadequate training may lead to negative patient outcomes and adversely affect our business. 

The continuing development of our training depends upon our maintaining strong working relationships with Biote-certified practitioners and other medical personnel. 

We believe our long-term value as a company will be greater if we focus on growth, which may negatively impact our results of operations in the near term. 

We face significant competition, and if we are unable to compete effectively, we may not be able to achieve or maintain expected levels of market penetration and market share, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We have a limited history operating a practice-building business for practitioners in the hormone optimization space, which may make it difficult for an investor to evaluate the success of our business to date and to assess our future viability. 

Summary of Risks Related to Intellectual Property 
 If we are unable to obtain and maintain patent protection for any products or methods we develop, or if the scope of the patent protection obtained is not sufficiently broad, our competitors could develop and commercialize products similar or identical to our Biote-branded dietary supplements, and our ability to successfully commercialize any products we may develop may be adversely affected. If we are not able to maintain freedom to operate for our products from third-party intellectual property rights, our ability to commercialize products may be limited unless we secure a license to such rights. 

We may become a party to intellectual property litigation or administrative proceedings that could be costly and could interfere with our ability to sell and market the Biote Method and our Biote-branded dietary supplements. 

If we are unable to protect the confidentiality of our other proprietary information, our business and competitive position may be harmed. 

We may be subject to claims that we or our employees, consultants or contractors have wrongfully used, disclosed or otherwise misappropriated the intellectual property of a third-party, including trade secrets or know-how, or are in breach of non-competition or non-solicitation agreements with our competitors or claims asserting an ownership interest in intellectual property we regard as our own. 

We may be subject to claims challenging our intellectual property. 

If our trademarks and trade names are not adequately protected, then we may not be able to build brand recognition in our markets and our business may be adversely affected. 

Summary of Risks Related to Regulation 
 We market dietary supplements and convenience kits, which are regulated by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (the FDA ), and are subject to certain requirements under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the FDCA and the 

3 
 
 laws enforced by the Federal Trade Commission (the FTC ). Our failure to meet those requirements could cause us to cease certain of our business activities and may involve the payment of financial penalties. 

We have developed and market a method and training program where the practitioner may prescribe a compounded bioidentical hormone. Compounded drugs are regulated by the FDA and are subject to certain requirements under the FDCA. Failure of compounding entities to meet those requirements could cause us to cease certain of our business activities and may involve the payment of financial penalties. 

Compounded preparations and the pharmacy compounding industry are subject to regulatory scrutiny, which may impair our growth and sales. 

If a compounded drug formulation provided through a compounding pharmacy or an outsourcing facility leads to patient injury or death or results in a product recall, we may be exposed to significant liabilities and reputational harm. 

If the FDA takes regulatory action to implement any of the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine (the NASEM recommendations for compounded bioidentical hormones, this may have a substantial effect on the ability of the outsourcing facilities to compound the hormone pellets utilized by Biote-certified practitioners, which would have a substantially negative impact on Biote s revenue and business operations. 

Our internal controls over financial reporting currently do not meet all of the standards contemplated by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and a material weakness resulted in the restatement of previously issued financial statements. Failure to achieve and maintain an effective system of disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting could impair our ability to produce timely and accurate financial statements or comply with applicable regulations. 

If we are unable to maintain our listing on the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq ), it could become more difficult to sell our Class A common stock and Public Warrants in the public market. 

Summary of Risks Related to Ownership of Our Securities 
 Because there are no current plans to pay cash dividends on our Class A common stock for the foreseeable future, you may not receive any return on investment unless you sell our Class A common stock for a price greater than that which you paid for it. 

We may require additional capital to support business growth, and if capital is not available to us or is available only by diluting existing stockholders, our business, operating results and financial condition may suffer. 

Anti-takeover provisions contained in the second amended and restated certificate of incorporation (the Charter and amended and restated bylaws (the Bylaws ), as well as provisions of Delaware law, could impair a takeover attempt. 

Future sales, or the perception of future sales, by the Company or its stockholders in the public market, the issuance of rights to purchase the Company s Class A common stock, including pursuant to the 2022 Equity Incentive Plan (the Incentive Plan and the 2022 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the ESPP ), and future exercises of registration rights could result in the additional dilution of the percentage ownership of the Company s stockholders and cause the market price for the Company s Class A common stock to decline. 

Securities of companies formed through a special purpose acquisition company SPAC business combinations such as ours may experience a material decline in price relative to the share price of the SPAC prior to the business combination 

We may be subject to periodic claims and litigation, including the Donovitz Litigation (as defined herein), that could result in unexpected expenses and could ultimately be resolved against us. 

4 
 
 PART I 
 It em 1. Business. 
 Unless the context otherwise requires, all references in this section to Biote refer to Biote and its subsidiaries prior to the consummation of the Business Combination (as defined herein), or the Company from and after the Business Combination in the present tense. Biote s business and the industry in which Biote operates is subject to a high degree of uncertainty and risk due to a variety of factors, including those described in the section titled Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report. These and other factors could cause results to differ materially from those expressed in the estimates made by the independent parties and by Biote. 
 Overview 
 We operate a high-growth practice-building business within the hormone optimization space. Similar to a franchise model, we provide the necessary components to enable Biote-certified practitioners to establish, build, and successfully implement a program designed to optimize hormone levels using personalized solutions for their patient populations. The Biote Method is a comprehensive, end-to-end practice building platform that provides Biote-certified practitioners with the following components specifically developed for practitioners in the hormone optimization space: Biote Method education, training and certification, practice management software, inventory management software, and information regarding available HRT products, as well as digital and point-of-care marketing support. We also sell a complementary Biote-branded line of dietary supplements. We generate revenues by charging the Biote-partnered clinics fees associated with the support Biote provides for HRT and from the sale of Biote-branded dietary supplements. By virtue of our historical performance over the 11 years ended December 31, 2022, we believe that our business model has been successful, remains differentiated, and is well positioned for future growth. 
 By incorporating the Biote Method in their practices, we enable practitioners to participate in the large and growing hormone optimization space. Bioidentical hormone therapy, which is offered by Biote-certified practitioners, is one segment of the large HRT market. It is estimated that, as of 2020, the total U.S. market opportunity for HRT products, available in various forms, exceeds 7 billion and is expected to grow 7 annually through 2026. We believe our business opportunity in providing educational and practice management services is large and will similarly grow. Growth in this field is expected to be fueled by aging demographics and expanding consumer demand for medical information and treatment options to address hormonal imbalances. 
 Patient symptoms associated with menopause in women and andropause in men, such as hot flashes, night sweats, depressed mood, low libido, weight gain, and issues with concentration and focus, while negatively impacting quality of life, may also be associated with higher risks for chronic diseases attributable to declining hormone levels, including cardiovascular disease, osteoporosis and breast cancer. Approximately 13.8 million men over age 45 in the United States are affected by hypogonadism and only about 1.3 million (9 of those affected undergo testosterone treatment. An average of 27 million women between the ages of 45 and 64, or 20 of the American workforce, experience menopause every year. Despite the prevalence of symptoms-84 of women report menopausal symptoms that interfere with their lives-only 58 have discussed menopause with a health provider, and only 28 , or approximately 13 million, undergo HRT (and of that 28 , only 31 , or approximately 4 million, undergo bioidentical HRT). By 2030, over 1.2 billion women, 14 of the global population, will be in menopause or post-menopause. Yet, despite the growing number of women experiencing menopause, they remain an underserved population. 
 One key driver of this unmet medical need is the lack of knowledge and experience of treating physicians. For many practitioners, the last time they received meaningful instruction on treating menopause and andropause was during medical school. Based on a 2018 article by Jennifer Wolff, entitled What Doctors Don t Know About Menopause, among newer doctors surveyed in 2015, 80 of medical residents reported feeling barely comfortable discussing or treating menopause. While this knowledge gap applies to training, we believe it also applies to the understanding of treatment alternatives, access to new therapies, methods to drive efficiencies in a hormone optimization practice and finally, how to profitably treat this growing population. 
 To capitalize on this large and underserved market opportunity, we developed a highly differentiated practice-building platform to enable practitioners to treat the hormone imbalance symptoms experienced by their patients. The Biote Method has been designed specifically for practitioners who focus on treating perimenopause in women; post-menopause in women; and andropause/hypogonadism in men. It is constructed to bridge the existing gaps which exist in education and treatment options, while improving the efficiency of practitioners business operations and the hormone health of their aging patient base. Over the past 11 years, we have built our platform to provide highly differentiated education and training, practice support resources and inventory management tools that would be difficult for a practice to otherwise attain on their own. 
 We empower Biote-certified practitioners by requiring rigorous in-person training, testing and certification for all Biote-certified practitioners and office staff wishing to use the Biote Method in their practice. Our practitioner instructors are among the nation s most experienced clinical experts in hormonal therapy, including multiple modalities of HRT such as creams, gels, patches, pills, injections and compounded bioidentical hormone pellets. We teach clinicians how to identify early indicators of hormone-related aging conditions, and we believe we are the top practitioner educators by virtue of our experience over 11 years, with over 3 million hormone optimization procedures performed by Biote-certified practitioners to date, including approximately 300,000 active patients. 
 5 
 
 We offer training centrally and regionally to provide consistent and ongoing technical education. On an ongoing basis, we provide access to around-the-clock clinical and technical support for Biote-certified practitioners. 
 To offer a turnkey platform, we leverage the data Biote-certified practitioners collect using our BioTracker software for regulatory and record management to seamlessly assess a simple procedure-based revenue model that encompasses fees for the education, training, re-training, comprehensive administrative services and support and pass-through cost of pellets that practitioners may choose to provide as part of the Biote Method. We believe our revenue model represents an objective method to assess fees across the varying size and sophistication of our Biote-certified practitioners and clinics beginning with the first day of training and continuing throughout the treatment of each practitioner s patient. Additionally, this revenue model provides our Biote-certified practitioners with consistency and predictability, notwithstanding the variability in services required to support their practices during any given period. Our revenue model also offers efficiency and transparency for inventory management, as each procedure is electronically recorded through our technology platform without requiring additional workflow. 
 The Biote Method s proprietary clinical decision support CDS assists physicians in establishing individualized dosing for patients. Our BioTracker software and business tools allow practitioners to efficiently manage the record management, product acquisition, inventory logistics and the business end of a robust hormone optimization practice. We provide Biote-partnered clinics access to FDA-registered outsourcing facilities that can supply a wide array of hormone optimization products for Biote-certified practitioner patients. We provide information to Biote-certified practitioners regarding how to integrate with our BioTracker software. Our BioTracker software allows Biote-certified practitioners to manage orders and maintain accurate inventory records to keep their regulatory and business systems up to date. 
 Beyond the breadth and depth of our commercial and operational platform, the Biote name has achieved strong brand recognition among practitioners and patients in the communities we serve, as illustrated by QY Research s market research publication entitled South North America Hormone Replacement Therapy Market Insights and Forecast to 2026. Practitioners undertaking the Biote Method can be confident that our exclusive training and practice building tools will prepare them to provide excellent and differentiated care to patients. This has led to high practitioner satisfaction and above 90 retention rate among Biote-certified practitioners. We are contracted with and provide comprehensive support to over 6,400 practitioners that have adopted the Biote Method in their practices. Leveraging our brand strength, we offer marketing assistance, including office signage and patient education materials, to every Biote-certified practitioner within our network. 
 We believe by virtue of their participation in our robust training and practice certification, Biote-certified practitioners are well informed on all aspects of hormone optimization. We believe our brand advantage with both practitioners and patients is a key element of our commercial growth strategy, and an asset that we intend to leverage to expand our business. 
 Complementing the Biote Method is our expanding line of private-labeled dietary supplements to address hormone, vitamin, and physiological deficiencies that regularly manifest in an aging population. This business segment appeals to practitioners patient demographic and enables patients the opportunity to receive practitioner-recommended Biote-branded dietary supplements to support healthy aging. By leveraging our existing Biote-certified practitioner base to sell and distribute our Biote-branded dietary supplements, we believe we have created an efficient and complementary business. 
 We also designed the Biote Method to permit beneficial practice economics for our Biote-partnered clinics. Our educational training and practice management platform helps enable Biote-partnered clinics to execute this all-cash model with minimal reimbursement risk. This contrasts to consistently decreasing reimbursement rates for most other treatments and therapies offered by physician offices. 
 We have a track record of consistently achieving accelerated and highly profitable growth. Our four-year revenue CAGR from 2016-2020 was 22 . Our revenue was 165.0 million and 139.4 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Net income was 1.3 million and 32.6 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 The Clinical Need to Treat Hormone Imbalance 
 Biote-certified practitioners primarily focus their treatments on women experiencing symptoms due to hormonal imbalance before, during, and after menopause, and men experiencing symptoms of hypogonadism and male sex hormone deficiency. According to a 2015 study entitled Use of Compounded Hormone Therapy in the United States: Report of The North American Menopause Society Survey, by Margery L.S. Gass, Cynthia A. Stuenkel, Wulf H. Utian, Andrea LaCroix, James H. Liu and Jan L. Shifren, it is estimated that as many as 200 million Americans are affected by hormonal imbalance and approximately 80 are untreated, according to a 2014 study entitled Systematic Literature Review of the Epidemiology of Nongenetic Forms of Hypogonadism in Adult Males by Victoria Zarotsky, et al. The corresponding treatment market for hormone replacement therapies is large and diverse, both in terms of the number of products, the number of suppliers, the type of administration and regulatory requirements for producing and distributing these products. Bioidentical optimization, which provides hormone supplementation that can be administered to patients just two or three times per year, is a highly differentiated segment of this market. Biote-certified practitioners perform about 80 of their hormone optimization procedures on female patients and approximately 20 of such procedures on male patients. As the U.S. population continues to age, we believe the number of patients seeking relief from the symptoms of hormone imbalance will continue to grow. 
 6 
 
 Menopausal Symptoms Segment (Female) 
 Approximately 40-50 million women in the U.S. will experience hot flashes, a symptom of menopause, according to a study entitled Psychosocial and Socioeconomic Burden of Vasomotor Symptoms in Menopause: A Comprehensive Review by Wulf H. Utian. Based on a study entitled Change in Follicle- Stimulating and Estradiol Across the Menopausal Transition: Effect of Age at the Final Menstrual Period by John F. Randolph, et al., Women experience a 67 reduction in estradiol between their mid-40s and mid-50s. Testosterone, a prevalent sex hormone in the female body also starts decreasing early, and by age 40, a woman has lost half of her testosterone production. Based on a 2018 article by Shelly Emling, entitled Menopause Symptoms Can Last Decades, this decline in hormone production and the resulting imbalance between estrogen and testosterone levels results in menopause symptoms that can continue for 10 years or more. According to a 1984 study, entitled The Effects of Subcutaneous Hormone Implants During Climacteric by Linda Cardozo, et al., these menopause symptoms include, but are not limited to: 

Hot flashes 

 Night sweats / excessive sweating 

 Sleep disturbance 

 Irritability / anxiety 

 Depressed mood 

 Brain fog 

Low libido 

 Vaginal dryness 

 Fatigue / exhaustion 

 Joint / muscle ache 

 Weight gain 

 Decrease in bone density 

Beyond immediate symptoms, medical evidence exists linking untreated hormone imbalance with more serious health risks. A substantial collection of studies and analyses reported in the medical literature further illustrates the association between HRT and a deceased risk of heart disease, breast cancer, osteoporosis, and neurodegenerative diseases. For example, Dr. Rebecca L. Glaser, a prominent breast cancer surgeon, studied the incidence of breast cancer during 10 years of treating menopausal women with testosterone. In a study entitled Incidence of Invasive Breast Cancer in Women Treated with Testosterone Implants: A Prospective 10-year Cohort Study, she concluded that testosterone was demonstrated to be associated with a 39 reduction in the incidence of invasive breast cancer compared to the age-matched SEER expected incidence. Additionally, a study entitled Efficacy of Pharmacological Therapies for the Prevention of Fractures in Postmenopausal Women: A Network Meta-Analysis by Patricia Barrionuevo, et al. published a systemic analysis of pharmacological therapies for prevention of fractures in postmenopausal women and concluded that estrogen with progesterone produces reductions in hip fractures, non-vertebral fractures and vertebral fractures. 
 Menopause treatment options involving hormones are most frequently comprised of estrogen, testosterone and/or progesterone. Hormones are available in a broad range of formulations administered as oral tablets, injectable, gels, creams, pellet implants and vaginal devices. 
 Oral Estrogen +/- Progesterone formulations -Routinely prescribed as estrogen tablets or estrogen plus progesterone tablets (depending on uterus status), parenteral and oral dosage forms are the most widely prescribed HRT products. Practitioners can choose to prescribe from a number of oral estrogens, with the most popular being estradiol, estrone, estropipate and conjugated estrogens. 
 Testosterone Therapy -The use of testosterone for the treatment of female menopause symptoms has been well established for more than 70 years, as evidenced by a 1949 study entitled Indications for Hormonal Pellets in the Therapy of Endocrine and Gynecic Disorders by Robert B. Greenblatt Susan R. Roland. Despite this scientific and clinical evidence, there is no FDA-approved testosterone therapy for use in females. Practitioners desiring to use testosterone for their female patients need to choose between prescribing off-label use of testosterone products approved exclusively for male use, or testosterone products custom-formulated and compounded by pharmacies for use in female patients which is consistent with the Biote Method. 
 The lack of testosterone products approved for women contrasts with the extensive peer-reviewed literature that consists of studies showing that testosterone levels drop in women with age, particularly in menopause, and that testosterone supplementation improves sexual health and addresses symptoms associated with menopause. 
 The Cochrane Review analysis of trials addressing therapy targeting hypoactive female sexual desire disorder, and two meta-analyses published by Chiara Achilli, et al. and Rakibul M Islam, et al., entitled Efficacy and Safety of Transdermal Testosterone in Postmenopausal Women with Hypoactive Sexual Desire Disorder: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis and Safety and Efficacy of Testosterone for Women: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis of Randomised Controlled Trial Data, respectively, all concluded that testosterone therapy produces statistically significant improvement in multiple measures relating to menopausal women s sexual heath. In addition, preliminary studies, including Mechanisms of Testosterone Deficiency-related Endothelial Dysfunction by Alexios S. Antonopoulos Charalambos Antoniades, Testosterone Therapy and Cardiovascular Risk: Advances and Controversies by Abraham Morgentaler, et al. and Breast Cancer Incidence Reduction in Women Treated with Subcutaneous Testosterone: Testosterone Therapy and Breast Cancer Incidence Study by Dr. Gary S. Donovitz Mandy Cotton, report marked improvements in other menopausal symptoms and potential beneficial effects on cardiovascular risk, breast cancer risk, bone growth, depressed mood, and exhaustion. 
 7 
 
 Hypogonadism Sex Hormone Segment (Male) 
 Male hypogonadism is a deficiency in testosterone. It is characterized by serum testosterone levels of less than 300 ng/dL in combination with at least one clinical sign or symptom, according to a 2010 study by Peeyush Kumar, et al., entitled Male hypogonadism: Symptoms and Treatment. In the period through their 20s, male testosterone levels are approximately 700 ng/dL or higher (in a range of 600-1300 ng/dL) as presented in a study entitled Reference Ranges for Testosterone in Men Generated Using Liquid Chromatography Tandem Mass Spectrometry in a Community-Based Sample of Healthy Nonobese Young Men in the Framingham Heart Study and Applied to Three Geographically Distinct Cohorts by Shalender Bhasin, et al. In men, testosterone levels decline 1-1.5 per year after age thirty, according to Age, disease, and changing sex hormone levels in middle-aged men: results of the Massachusetts Male Aging Study by Anna Gray, Henry A Feldman, John B. McKinlay and Christopher Longcope. Multiple studies on hypogonadism, including Age Trends in the Level of Serum Testosterone and Other Hormones in Middle-Aged Men: Longitudinal Results from the Massachusetts Male Aging Study by Henry A. Feldman, et al. and Prevalence of Hypogonadism in Males Aged at Least 45 years: The HIM Study by Thomas Mulligan, et al., estimate the prevalence of low testosterone (total testosterone less than 300 ng/dL) is as high as 38.7 in males over 45. Not every male experiences testosterone decline at the same rate or to the same level, but over time, all males experience testosterone level decrease. Men experience a 44 average reduction in testosterone between ages 30 and 74, according to the Cleveland Clinic. Testosterone deficiency is a clinical syndrome that relates to a man s symptoms and physical signs, not necessarily to the specific level detected in a blood test. There are many men suffering from testosterone deficiency who may not have laboratory values less than 300 ng/dL. The primary signs of low testosterone include: 

Decrease in libido 

 Memory, focus and concentration issues 

 Sarcopeia or muscle loss 

Decrease bone mineral density 

 Erectile Dysfunction (ED) 

A 2019 study entitled Testosterone Therapy in Men with Hypogonadism Prevents Progression from Prediabetes to Type 2 Diabetes: Eight-year Data from a Registry Study published by Aksam Yassin, et al. supports the use of testosterone as a treatment for diabetes in hypogonadal men. 
 Hormone Imbalance: The Treatment Challenge 
 Hormone imbalance symptoms experienced by aging men and women can be highly bothersome, and negatively impact quality of life. Current demographics indicate the number of adults experiencing menopause and andropause symptoms is large and expanding. Under the best of circumstances, the surge in people requiring medical care might overwhelm available resources. Adding to this situation, significant gaps exist that exacerbate the treatment challenge: 
 Practitioner education in the diagnosis and treatment of menopause and andropause symptoms is frequently dated, leaving them unprepared on how to best manage these patients with optimal and contemporary therapies. 

While extensive peer-reviewed literature extolling the benefits of testosterone therapy exists, FDA-approved medications exist for males only. 

There is low awareness among both medical and public audiences of alternative hormone optimization therapies. 

Given pressing workloads and declining reimbursements, physicians have little practical incentives to invest their time and resources (or that of their staff) in exploring new treatment modalities. 

Taken together, we believe these factors have resulted in a medical system often ill-prepared to treat menopause and andropause and patients, particularly women, needlessly suffering its symptoms. We believe that the Biote Method is well designed to help partnered clinics overcome these challenges. 
 What We Offer 
 Biote Business Model/Solution 
 We have developed a comprehensive platform for Biote-certified practitioners to establish and operate a personalized hormone optimization program in their practices. Biote-certified practitioners seek to optimize imbalances in their patients hormone, vitamin, and mineral levels and may prescribe bioidentical hormone therapies and/or recommend dietary supplements to accomplish this end. 
 We believe our competitive advantage lies in the breadth and completeness of our offering, which supports practices in pursuing excellence in all facets of patient care. We provide partnered clinics with up-to-date scientific education delivered by highly experienced practitioner instructors. Our training content is based on a scientifically rigorous approach and is continually updated. We further provide Biote-certified practitioners with the clinical mentorship, practice support resources, inventory management tools and marketing capability necessary to operate an efficient hormone optimization practice. Biote-certified practitioners can access FDA-registered outsourcing facilities that can supply hormone optimization therapies should practitioners determine such treatment is appropriate for their patients. Further, our practice management software allows Biote-certified practitioners to efficiently order, track 
 8 
 
 and manage hormone optimization product inventory, and meet other administrative requirements. Our BioTracker software is integrated with the outsourcing facilities own software to facilitate ordering and inventory control. 
 Biote-certified practitioners who are trained in the Biote Method may prescribe bioidentical compounded hormone pellets prepared by independent third-party compounding pharmacies, known as outsourcing facilities, which are governed by Section 503B of the FDCA. Section 503B includes requirements regarding registration and reporting, use of bulk drug substances in compounding, a prohibition on compounding copies of FDA-approved drugs and wholesaling, and certain requirements for labeling, among others. Entities registering as outsourcing facilities are subject to current good manufacturing practices cGMP requirements and regular FDA inspections, among other requirements. 
 Drugs compounded by outsourcing facilities in compliance with Section 503B are exempt from the new drug approval requirements of the FDCA and certain labeling requirements of the FDCA. This means that FDA does not review or verify the safety or effectiveness of compounded products distributed or dispensed by outsourcing facilities; rather Section 503B of the FDCA establishes standards for manufacturing processes and controls applicable to outsourcing facilities as a means to ensure drug quality. Section 503B outsourcing facilities are subject to FDA inspection and are inspected by FDA on a risk-based schedule. 
 Biote contracts with operators of certain FDA-registered 503B outsourcing facilities, namely AnazaoHealth Corporation, or AnazaoHealth, Right Value Drug Stores, LLC d/b/a Carie Boyd s Prescription Shop, or Carie Boyd s, and F.H. Investments, Inc. d/b/a Asteria Health. While Biote-certified practitioners have the option to use a variety of different outsourcing facilities, AnazaoHealth, Carie Boyd s and Asteria Health are the primary outsourcing facilities for the compounded testosterone and estradiol implantable subcutaneous pellets used by Biote-certified practitioners as part of the Biote Method. It is Biote s understanding that these 503B outsourcing facilities make these compounded drugs from bulk substances that comport with FDA s final guidance on its interim policy on bulk substances. However, we do not control or direct the compounding or manufacturing processes of these 503B outsourcing facilities. While Biote generates revenue by charging the Biote-partnered clinics procedure-based fees associated with the Biote-provided end-to-end platform for running an efficient practice that includes tracking compounded products ordered from 503B outsourcing facilities, as well as other services, Biote does not receive compensation for the sale of bioidentical pellets from these 503B outsourcing facilities to Biote-certified practitioners. For more information about compounding facilities, please see the section entitled Regulation of Compounded Drug Products. 
 Our Biote-branded dietary supplements are a natural extension of our practice-building business and represent approximately 20 of our annual revenues. We sell dietary supplements that may support hormone, vitamin and physiological balances in an aging population. Our Biote-branded dietary supplements provide Biote-certified practitioners with an opportunity to further balance other important aspects of a patient s profile and simultaneously increase practice revenue. Biote-partnered clinics directly purchase Biote-branded dietary supplements from us, and our third-party logistics 3PL suppliers fill and ship directly to the ordering practice. The Biote-partnered clinic then sets their own pricing in compliance with our applicable policies and sells Biote-branded dietary supplements directly to patients. We have leveraged out existing commercial infrastructure and relationships with Biote-certified practitioners to build our Biote-branded dietary supplement business. As a result, as of December 2022, approximately 93 of Biote-branded dietary supplements were sold through Biote-certified practitioners. Approximately 77 of our partnered clinics offer Biote-branded dietary supplements, for an average supplement volume per practice of approximately 11,500 as of 2022. 
 Hormone Therapy 
 The Biote Method is purpose built to enable Biote-certified practitioners to treat hormone imbalance using bioidentical estrogen and testosterone products as necessary. The term bioidentical refers to hormone formulations that match the hormones of the human body. Estradiol (the most active estrogen), progesterone and testosterone can be produced as bioidentical formulations. 
 Estradiol is FDA approved and commercially available under several different brand names. Examples include Vivelle Dot (patch), Estrogel, Elestrin, Evamist, Vagifem, Estring and FemRing. 
 Testosterone can be formulated for use by both women and men. However, FDA-approved testosterone products exist exclusively for males. Testopel is an example. 
 Progesterone is FDA approved, and available commercially as a capsule of micronized progesterone in peanut (or olive) oil. Progesterone is also available in patch and cream formulations. Prometrium is an example. 
 Hormones that are not bioidentical are commonly known as synthetic hormone formulations. Examples of synthetic hormones include conjugated equine estrogens, oral contraceptive pills, medroxyprogesterone (Provera) and methyltestosterone. 
 The Biote Method is focused on promoting the use of bioidentical hormones to provide optimized clinical results using bioidentical estrogen, progesterone and testosterone rather than synthetic, chemically-modified versions of the hormone. The Biote Method encourages practitioners to begin each patient treatment with comprehensive lab testing, which includes checking testosterone, thyroid and vitamin levels. Patients complete symptom questionnaires to enable practitioners to appropriately gauge symptom scores. These questionnaires and lab results are evaluated by the practitioner, along with patient data such as age, weight, medical history and desired outcomes. The Biote software then can assist Biote-certified practitioners in developing patient-specific treatment options. 
 9 
 
 Biote-certified practitioners utilize a wide variety of hormone therapies. In addition to bioidentical hormone pellets, practitioners may also choose to administer hormone therapy to their patients via topical methods (creams, gels, patches), oral methods (sublingual tablets, pills) or injections, depending on the practitioners medical assessment of their patients clinical needs. Creams, lotions and patches are prescribed on a per patient basis and obtained from pharmacies. If the physician chooses to utilize pellets, they generally administer the pellets that they obtain from 503B outsourcing facilities through in office procedures. 
 In a 2014 study published in the Journal of Sexual Medicine, pellet therapy was chosen by 17 of 382 male patients when presented with the choice of the following methods of hormone therapy: gels, injections and implantable subcutaneous pellets. Further, according to a 2013 study published in the same journal, of 113 men who underwent subcutaneous testosterone pellet therapy, 52.2 had switched to pellet therapy from topical gel therapy and 35.4 had switched from injection therapy. 
 The Biote Difference 
 Biote training and certification program For many practitioners, medical school was the last time they received instruction in menopause, andropause and hormone deficiency. In fact, according to a 2018 article, in a survey of more than 1,000 medical professionals, only 57 reported being up-to-date on information regarding HRT for menopause symptoms. Effectively managing hormone levels is an involved, complex and highly data-intensive process. We believe that contemporary medical training is a critical element of our platform and seek to bridge any gap in a practitioner s experience and clinical education. To become a Biote-certified practitioner, we carefully vet healthcare providers to ensure they possess the necessary commitment, patient population and office staff needed to build a successful hormone optimization practice. 
 Prospective practitioners and their staff attend a two-day Biote Method training program. The training includes didactic lectures designed to educate practitioners on the latest science of HRT. The training program also includes in-clinic training during which practitioners gain experience performing hormone replacement procedures in a supervised setting. We also understand the importance of staff interaction in any patient experience and require each prospective Biote-partnered clinic s office staff to attend training regarding the best practices for maintaining a hormone therapy practice. We believe that this comprehensive training program, as well as continuing education and mentoring, is critical to the successful establishment of new Biote-certified practitioners. 
 In addition to completing training, Biote-certified practitioners must: 
 Be in good standing with their respective state professional licensing board; 

Successfully pass a post-training certification exam / requirements; 

Utilize our BioTracker platform to comply with the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration s (the DEA inventory control regulations for all scheduled drugs; and 

Use our proprietary technology, including training materials, therapy instruction and training videos to facilitate optimal therapy and patient outcomes. 

Biote training facilities faculty We operate one national and five regional training facilities for Biote-certified practitioners, healthcare providers and medical staff. The 10-person practitioner clinical faculty and 15 medical advisors provide on-site and virtual educational programs, seminars, training, refresher courses in hormone optimization, vitamin and Biote-branded dietary supplement guidance, and other topics. As of December 2022, over 6,400 providers in more than 3,600 clinics nationwide have successfully completed our rigorous curriculum and clinical training program. Upon completion, each Biote-certified practitioner is teamed with an experienced Biote-certified practitioner who is committed to providing mentorship and guidance, including with respect to regulatory compliance, education and new research updates. 
 Biote BioTracker system We require Biote-partnered clinics to keep patient and inventory records, which was accomplished historically with manually-completed paper copies. To help our practitioners automate this process, we offer as part of our platform the BioTracker system, which provides inventory management services to enable Biote-partnered clinics to comply with federal (DEA) and applicable state regulations for the hormones that Biote-certified practitioners may order from 503B outsourcing facilities. Our BioTracker software is integrated with the outsourcing facilities software to facilitate ordering and inventory control. As each Biote-partnered clinic stores and dispenses these hormones, this software performs the critical function of monitoring and tracking the necessary detail regarding the administration of controlled substances. BioTracker also provides robust data analytics which allows the practitioner to effectively manage their processes and internal records. We also leverage this data to electronically transmit to us the number of hormone optimization pellet insertion procedures performed, affording us the most direct way to seamlessly assess a fair, transparent and consistent fee for our Biote Method, including the education, training, re-training and comprehensive services and support. 
 Biote Clinical Decision Support software The CDS is part of our offerings available to Biote-certified practitioners. The CDS programs assist practitioners in identifying potential patient-specific treatment options and provides these practitioners with access to publications and guidelines that serve as independently verifiable bases for treatment recommendations. The practitioner enters a patient s clinical markers into the program, and an algorithm based on the published literature with clinical data and clinical guidelines suggests potential individualized treatment option for the practitioner s evaluation and consideration. While Biote-certified 
 10 
 
 practitioners may consider the treatment options identified by the CDS, responsibility for treatment decisions remains solely with the practitioners in the exercise of their independent medical judgment. 
 Biote-branded Dietary Supplements Our expanding Biote-branded dietary supplements business sells dietary supplements that may support hormone, vitamin and physiological balances in an aging population. We introduced our line of Biote-branded dietary supplements in 2013 with two specific dietary supplement products, DIM SGS+ and ADK 5. The line has since grown to include 19 dietary supplements, priced between 20.25 and 99. We offer wholesale sales directly to over 2,200 Biote-certified practitioners through our own eCommerce site, efficiently leveraging the core Biote provider platform. Practitioners then re-sell to their patients through online stores or in-clinic. As of December 2022, 77 of Biote-partnered clinics also offer our Biote-branded dietary supplement products. Biote-branded dietary supplement sales accounted for approximately 19.5 of our revenue in both 2022 and 2021. 
 In 2021, we launched a direct-to-patient eCommerce platform whereby practitioners can invite their patients to buy Biote-branded dietary supplement products online via their own online store. Enhancements to the direct-to-patient platform included a subscription service that launched in early 2022 for added convenience to patients, and to help drive reoccurring revenue for both us and Biote-partnered clinics. Our team plans to continue researching new formulations, product expansion opportunities and architecting an innovation pipeline that will offer solutions and revenue expansion for our practitioners and for Biote. 
 We believe that as awareness of our Biote brand name associated with our supplements continues to increase, so too will the incidence of our Biote-branded dietary supplements being sold in online stores. In the broader global dietary supplement market, by 2025, it is estimated that approximately 26 of sales will be generated through online markets, mirroring trends across global retail trade. We are preparing for this shift with the introduction of an online direct-to-patient store in conjunction with expanding our digital marketing outreach. 
 Our Competitive Strengths 
 We believe we are a leader in the practice-building market focused on the hormone optimization space as evidenced by our size as compared to competitors. We have designed the Biote Method to offer practitioners an end-to-end platform to enable them to successfully establish and grow a profitable hormone therapy practice. 
 Proprietary end-to-end hormone optimization platform The Biote Method provides a comprehensive solution that quickly enables new clinics to effectively start and run an efficient bioidentical HRT practice. Our two-day mandatory, practitioner-paid training program educates the practitioner on clinical and back-office aspects of treating patients. Biote s CDS identifies treatment options while customized practice management and data software enable efficient workflow and inventory and vendor management. By virtue of the breadth and quality of the systems and services provided by the Biote Method, we believe our platform is differentiated within our industry and represents a competitive advantage. 
 Accretive practice economics Our relationship with Biote-certified practitioners delivers positive practice economics. As of July 2021, Biote-partnered clinics generated average profits of approximately 100,000 per year from the hormone optimization space. In an environment of expanding patient needs due to an aging population and declining reimbursement for patient care related costs, extending quality of care while providing a profitable revenue stream are compelling contributors to practitioners joining the Biote network. 
 Size compared to competition and brand awareness among practitioners With more than 3,600 clinics, 6,400 Biote-certified practitioners and 3 million procedures performed to date, and over 400,000 active patients, we believe we are approximately 11 times larger than our nearest competitor. We believe that our patient education materials reinforce the commitment by our Biote-certified practitioners to be medically and technically well-prepared to effectively address patients symptoms by providing individualized treatment to help patients achieve their best self . We believe that Biote-certified practitioners identify with the Biote brand because we provide a reliable education and business platform and enable them to build a profitable practice area. 
 Complementary product lines augment growth In addition to our practice building business, our growth opportunities are also driven by our Biote-branded dietary supplement products. These Biote-branded dietary supplements support consumer health with differentiated formulations. Biote-branded dietary supplements are contract manufactured to approved specifications by a select group of experienced supplement manufacturers. These supplements are primarily sold by Biote-certified practitioners as well as on a direct-to-consumer basis, extending their consumer appeal beyond the HRT patient base. 
 Proven leadership team with expansive industry experience We have a highly experienced leadership team comprised of senior corporate leaders from within global healthcare and consumer markets. Our team has demonstrated skill in scaling our business model to-date. We believe we possess the skills and knowledge to complete our national expansion and capitalize on the growing category awareness. 
 11 
 
 Practitioner Growth, Sales, Brand and Marketing 
 Clinic and Practitioner Growth 
 As of December 2022, we contract with over 6,400 Biote-certified practitioners in approximately 3,600 partnered clinics, and many Biote-certified practitioners are also patients. In 2022, we contracted with 740 new partnered clinics, bringing the total number of partnered clinics to 3,600. The 740 new partnered clinics account for 27 of our 2022 revenue growth. Since we started in 2012, our commercial footprint has expanded to 10 core states, which, as of December 2022, generated 64 of our revenue: 

Alabama 

 Arkansas 

 Colorado 

 Florida 

 Georgia 

Louisiana 

 Mississippi 

 New Mexico 

 Oklahoma 

 Texas 

We employ targeted methodologies that consider practice demographics and practitioner prescribing history to identify the best potential practitioners within each area of medical specialty and geography. We also utilize these analytics in determining optimal geographies for new sales territories. Although there are approximately 1.2 million total providers in the United States, we target practitioners who are already prescribing alternative HRT patient care-related and having conversations with patients about hormone-related symptoms that impact patient health and wellbeing. This target set includes practitioners in OB/GYN, family and general practice, urology, and internal medicine. In our experience, patients most often seek out practitioners within these distinct specialties when experiencing menopause or andropause symptoms. In 2019, there were approximately 260,000 practitioners in the United States within our targeted specialties. Of this group, we currently target the top three deciles from the relevant specialties, which represents approximately 78,000 practitioners. Practitioners in these four specialties have appropriate patient demographics and have proven they can be developed into capable hormone optimization practices. Our own business experience confirms that more than half of our revenue in 2021 was generated from two provider specialties: family and general practice and OB/GYN. 
 We believe medical practitioners choose our company for three primary reasons: 1) our intensive, onsite and virtual education and training, and ongoing mentorship, is unique and highly valued; 2) our proprietary, end-to-end business platform enables efficient practice start-up and management; and 3) through the Biote cash pay model, the average Biote-partnered clinic generates meaningful incremental, comparatively high margin profit to their legacy profitability. Our all-cash, minimal reimbursement model is cost-effective for patients across income levels while delivering strong profits to our partnered clinics. As of 2019, 50 of Biote-certified practitioners patients had an annual household income of less than 100,000. We believe this demonstrates the affordability of the procedures and their accessibility to patients of varying income levels, and the scale of the addressable consumer market. 
 We derive the majority of our revenue through service fees that encompass the comprehensive platform and wraparound support we provide our Biote-partnered clinics. These service fees are realized when Biote-certified practitioners perform HRT procedures utilizing pellets dispensed in office. During the year ended December 31, 2022, these service fees generated approximately 80 of our revenue. 
 This procedure-based revenue model provides our Biote-certified practitioners with consistency and predictability and is not dependent on the volume of bioidentical hormone pellets ordered by practitioners or the number of patients that may visit a clinic. Although there is a correlation between our revenue model and the hormone optimization procedure involving the use of bioidentical hormone pellets, the fees that we charge our Biote-partnered clinics are designed to cover the wide array of education, training, re-training, comprehensive administrative services and support and pass-through cost of pellets that practitioners may prescribe as part of the Biote Method. 
 Sales 
 Our company began in Texas in 2012 and, since that time, has expanded into the geographically adjacent states. As of December 2022, we have an over 120-person sales force, structured to attract new Biote-certified practitioners while simultaneously supporting the productivity within existing partnered clinics. As of December 2022, the regional sales team consists of 97 liaisons and practice development managers PDMs and are led locally by a regional manager. Liaisons are charged with identifying non-Biote-certified practitioners and educating them on value in attending the comprehensive two-day training program to become a Biote-certified practitioner. The role of the PDM is to act as a resource and facilitate the practice management of the Biote Method in both new and existing partnered clinics. 
 Throughout the initial years of our rapid growth, high practitioner and patient satisfaction made referrals from satisfied practitioners and patients one of our most important marketing tools. Many patients of Biote-certified practitioners or Biote-partnered clinics share their experiences with friends, family, and other practitioners. Biote-certified practitioners often report the positive clinical results and powerful patient descriptions of their hormone optimization experience. 
 12 
 
 Brand 
 The Biote brand has been cultivated over 11 years to reinforce a science-based, patient focused approach to our practice building model. We believe that the quality of our platform, our size and scale differential, combined with strong brand placement throughout point-of-care delivery has enabled us to establish Biote as a highly recognized brand in the hormone optimization space. By the end of 2022, more than 3 million patient procedures had been performed by Biote-certified practitioners. We believe the patient experiences generated through the Biote Method are both strong and unique in our competitive environment. 
 For practitioners, we believe that those who choose to engage with Biote understand that we offer them a practice-building platform that is highly refined and delivers the critical elements necessary to build a successful hormone optimization practice. Each facet of the Biote Method s end-to-end platform reinforces our commitment to developing practitioner excellence. Biote-certified practitioners thus understand the value of operating their practice under the Biote brand and are highly loyal. 
 For patients visiting a Biote-certified practitioner, our brand represents an opportunity for them to be the best version of themselves . Patients can be confident that their Biote-certified practitioner will have a keen, informed focus on their unique symptoms and provide top notch medical care accordingly. Patients see the Biote logo and imagery at every step along the way, from the practitioner s website to the decal on the door. 
 We believe that the acceptance and strength of the Biote brand has enabled us to successfully launch and build our companion Biote-branded dietary supplement line. Practitioners frequently prescribe supplements as adjunct to hormone therapy. As of December 2022, approximately 77 of Biote-partnered clinics also sell Biote-branded dietary supplement products. As patients trust the recommendations of their practitioner, our Biote-branded dietary supplements are likewise trusted and purchased. As a company, we benefit from this continued brand leverage. 
 Marketing 
 Clinic / Practitioner Marketing 
 Our primary objective in marketing to healthcare providers is to inform them of the value in becoming a Biote-certified practitioner. We accomplish this through referrals from existing Biote-certified practitioners to their healthcare provider relationships, a dedicated sales force, and through digital and traditional marketing channels. We target specific healthcare providers based on their specialty, prescribing data, demographic information and location match with our existing geographic footprint and targeted new geographic markets. 
 In 2019, there were 260,000 practitioners in the United States within our targeted specialties: family and general practice (108,000); obstetricians and gynecologists (39,000); internal medicine (104,000); and urologists (9,000). These are the specialties that patients typically initially contact when experiencing the symptoms associated with menopause and andropause. As a result, these practitioners are actively searching for a therapeutic solution to the health challenges faced by their existing patients. Currently, approximately 70 of our customer base is comprised of OB/GYN, family and general practice, urology and internal medicine practices. We believe this target mix accurately reflects our potential by specialty, and we expect similar trends moving forward. As such, our practitioner-focused marketing efforts are directed accordingly. 
 Lead generation through sales force efforts remains our highest priority channel. To that end, we plan to meaningfully expand the number of sales representatives calling on practitioners within targeted specialties in both current and new geographies. From a central marketing perspective, we have carefully built comprehensive omnichannel expertise and leverage evidence- based content to drive differentiated Biote branding. All tactical execution of marketing and promotion is handled internally. We have invested significantly in building our digital marketing capabilities, we are utilizing this extensive capability to generate practitioner leads and have established media capabilities across all digital channels. We believe the scale and breadth of our marketing capabilities to be a significant competitive advantage that will be very difficult to duplicate. 
 Consumer Marketing 
 Consumer outreach is a growing portion of our marketing. We believe that the Biote brand is highly differentiated and leverageable across key consumer channels. We direct consumers that are actively seeking care to Biote-certified practitioners via the Find A Provider feature on our company website. Through our growing digital outreach capabilities, we connect with consumers seeking general information to Biote-certified practitioners for more information. This not only builds incremental patient starts, but also extends strong practitioner loyalty to our company. 
 Our Corporate Growth Strategy 
 U.S. Geographic Expansion 
 Since our initial founding in Texas, we have demonstrated a strong ability to scale. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we conducted over 64 of our business in Texas, Oklahoma, New Mexico, Colorado, Arkansas, Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama, Georgia and Florida. Informed by both data and our past success, we are confident in our ability to further expand our U.S. geographic footprint. For example, in 2022, we grew the size of our sales force by approximately 50 to over 120 customer-facing representatives. In 2023, we plan to expand our field sales and support staff to add liaisons in critical locations, add new geographies 
 13 
 
 and expand our training capacity to meet the increased rate of new Biote-partnered clinics. In order to efficiently identify new growth opportunities, we use demographic and practitioner-level data such as identifying prescription patterns and prescription purchasing data to assist in understanding the needs of new practices. 
 International Scale-up 
 The market for private-label dietary supplement products, and the training and support requirements for practitioners outside of the United States is well-established and growing. According to the Mater Data Forecast s Global Hormone Replacement Therapy Market Size, Share, Trends, COVID-19 Impact Growth Analysis Report-Segmented By Type, Route of Administration Region-Industry Forecast (2022 to 2027), as of April 2021, 57 of the current global market for hormone products exists outside of North America. We believe there is a significant potential opportunity for our practice building platform in a core group of Latin American countries, in Europe and potentially in Asia, which some market analysts project to be the fastest growing market globally. We believe market acceptance is well established in these geographies and targeted population demographics are favorable. We believe this will allow our streamlined tools and education to find a market in these regions. 
 We believe that international expansion may require a different access model, such as a license model, which may require the utilization of one or more local distributors with established practitioner relationships. We are in the process of evaluating international expansion on a market-by-market basis with the intention to determine the most appropriate go-to-market strategy and to enter select international market entries in 2023. 

Country/Territory 
 
 Total Population (2019) 
 
 Population Over 65 
 
 Historical or Projected Biote Market Entrance (1) 

United States 
 
 328.3 million 
 
 54.8 million 

2012 

Puerto Rico 
 
 3.2 million 
 
 0.7 million 

2016 

Mexico 
 
 127.6 million 
 
 9.8 million 

2018 

Canada 
 
 37.6 million 
 
 6.9 million 

2018 

Dominican Republic 
 
 10.7 million 
 
 0.8 million 

2022 

Brazil 
 
 211.0 million 
 
 20.4 million 

2024E 

Columbia 
 
 50.3 million 
 
 4.6 million 

2024E 

Argentina 
 
 44.9 million 
 
 5.2 million 

2024E 

(1) As of March 2023. 
 We recognize the challenges and potential risk associated with simultaneously expanding in multiple geographies. As such, our U.S. growth strategy is the most strategically and financially vital. Ensuring that the US plan is on-track and moving toward success will be our primary focus prior to launching international expansion. 
 Our current presence outside of the continental United States is in Puerto Rico, Mexico, and the Dominican Republic where we enjoy a fast growing but still nascent business. 
 Clinical Research Support 
 The clinical research program supports our education programs through systematic literature reviews and analysis of patient therapy effects in clinical practice. By leveraging existing literature and existing data, we will strengthen our educational programs. 
 In 2021, we published a nine-year retrospective breast cancer study in the European Journal of Breast Health. This study demonstrated testosterone is breast protective. Testosterone and/or testosterone/estradiol delivered subcutaneously significantly reduced the incidence of breast cancer. Additionally, in 2021, we published a safety review of seven years of adverse events data regarding the use of subcutaneous hormone therapy. This study showed an overall complication rate of less than 1 . 
 In 2022, we made significant strides in understanding hormone replacement therapy for women, specifically testosterone therapy, as highlighted in a comprehensive literature review published in the Journal of Personalized Medicine titled A Personal Perspective on Testosterone Therapy in Women What We Know in 2022. This review clarified the lack of scientific evidence for the safety concerns surrounding testosterone therapy in women, paving the way for further research and potential FDA-approved therapies. 
 Moreover, a supportive commentary titled Testosterone Therapy in Women: A Clinical Challenge published in Obstetrics and Gynecology in 2022 reinforced the benefits of subcutaneously administered testosterone in appropriately selected women to treat menopausal symptoms. This commentary emphasized the need to overcome the negative narratives and focus on the potential positive impact of testosterone therapy for women's health. 
 This and other peer-reviewed medical literature has the strongest influence on defining the proper suggestions for clinical practice when focused on the data from controlled clinical trials. 
 In parallel, we are engaging with clinical practices to define how to access, analyze and publish their clinical findings. Over the past decade, the FDA and academic communities have targeted real-world evidence as critical to understanding the effects of therapy 
 14 
 
 and process in clinical practice, a trend that we can utilize to teach Biote-certified practitioners about optimal use of hormone therapies. 
 New Product Development 
 We are committed to advancing healthcare through product improvement. We constantly evaluate the potential for advanced education and tools to support the hormone optimization market. 
 Our Biote-branded dietary supplement business has grown at a 22 CAGR between 2019 and 2022. In addition to generating continued growth through new patients added via our geographic expansion and through direct-to-consumer channels, we believe there is an important growth opportunity to expand the size of our Biote-branded dietary supplement portfolio through new product launches and increased education of Biote-certified practitioners on these products. 
 Strategic Acquisitions and Product Offerings 
 We have historically reinvested our revenue to fund our geographic expansion. Over the next three years, we plan to accelerate that expansion to grow our practice-building business in the hormone optimization market. 
 We also believe that by becoming a public company, the resources and access to public markets will provide us with the financial leverage to become strategically acquisitive. We currently evaluate selective business development opportunities as they present themselves, while simultaneously strategizing on moves that we believe could benefit our model and our stockholders. 
 Employees 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 186 employees, across 11 departments. This includes five employees on the executive team, 136 in sales and marketing, and seven in finance and operations. We believe our employee relations are good. None of our employees work under any collective bargaining agreements. All of our employment and consulting agreements include employees and consultants covenants with respect to confidentiality, noncompetition, nonsolicitation and assignment to us of intellectual property rights developed in the course of their employment with us. However, there can be no assurance that these agreements will be enforceable or that they will provide us with adequate protection. 
 We are committed to creating, nurturing and sustaining an inclusive culture where differences drive innovative solutions to meet the needs of our practitioners and partnered clinics, their patients, and our employees. We believe that having varied perspectives helps generate better ideas to solve the complex healthcare problems of a changing-and increasingly diverse-world. A diverse, equitable and inclusive workforce is a critical focus of the Company. 
 Organizationally, we are progressing our diversity recruiting and advancement goals by: 
 Targeting diverse job boards that market to diverse candidate pools 

Targeting networking/user groups that are diverse in nature 

Developing an employer brand that conveys our diversity, equality and inclusion commitment and initiatives 

Creating and continually improving company policies that appeal to diverse candidates 

Offering future talent acquisition recruiters the opportunity to attend and complete a thorough diversity certification course 

Nurturing a respectful and encouraging workplace 

Providing professional development assessments and opportunities to support skill and career growth 

These initiatives represent the next steps in our diversity, equity and inclusion commitments. With time and consistent focus, we are building a truly inclusive and equitable workplace. 
 Supply Chain for Dietary Supplements and Pellet Insertion Kits 
 Our supply chain management enables precise planning of near-term and long-term business growth because we have full visibility into the production and distribution of resources that influence capacity planning. We sell 18 custom-branded dietary supplements, manufactured to exacting specifications by six U.S.-based suppliers. Currently, no one supplier manufactures more than seven products within our portfolio. We have chosen and continually evaluate our dietary supplement suppliers based on multiple factors including: 1) reputation and experience in the dietary supplement space; 2) expertise they bring to a specific product category; 3) ability to consistently execute all aspects of the manufacturing and packaging process to Biote quality standards; 4) on-time order fulfillment; and 5) cost. 
 We strive for supplier consistency within our supply chain. However, we do not hesitate to change or add new suppliers when there is potential to either improve our dietary supplement product offerings or gain operational leverage through better cost position and/or supplier service levels. We aim to maintain rigid quality control standards, ensuring the products and services of every dietary supplement and ingredient supplier and vendor meet or exceed our expectations. While all dietary supplement products are currently 
 15 
 
 single source manufactured, we have identified potential back-up suppliers for contingency situations, should they arise. While no single dietary supplement product is sufficiently large enough to justify dual source of supply, we regularly evaluate this decision from a risk management perspective and will add second source dietary supplement suppliers when appropriate. 
 Our Biote-branded dietary supplement inventory and shipping are executed by a 3PL partner. Our current structure is with B2B as our 3PL ships Biote-branded dietary supplements directly to Biote-certified practitioners, who in turn, sell directly to patients. As our business scales, we envision that our dietary supplement distribution mix will also evolve. We expect to add more Biote-certified practitioners and that a growing percentage of our dietary supplement sales will be direct-to-consumer. We anticipate this will result in fulfillment shifting to a much greater volume of more frequent, smaller orders directly to patients. While these shifts will occur over time, we are currently planning for the necessary changes to our 3PL structure, including adding one or more shipping locations, to successfully manage this expansion. 
 We also offer for sale to practitioners two sterile pellet insertion kits for use with hormone optimization therapies, one for male patients and one for female patients. These kits largely contain commercially available products, including disposable supplies (gloves, antiseptic, gauze, disposable trocar, etc.) assembled in a sterile package. The products contained in the kits are sourced, assembled, and supplied by a third-party with whom we have an agreement. Sales of these products are modest as most clinics currently choose to assemble these parts in-house. 
 Administering hormone therapy via subcutaneous placement of hormone pellets is a procedure performed by health care providers in the office. Once the patient s individualized dose is established, a local anesthetic is applied to the upper buttock or flank. A small incision (about 3-4mm in length) is made and the pellets (about the size of a grain of rice) are inserted into the subcutaneous fat using a-trocar insertion device. Upon placement of the pellets and removal of the trocar insertion device, wound closure tape is placed over the incision. A protective dressing is then placed over the wound closure tape. Experienced practitioners typically complete the pellet insertion process in four to seven minutes, depending on the number of pellets inserted. 
 Biote-certified practitioners utilize a wide variety of hormone therapies. In addition to bioidentical hormone pellets, practitioners may also choose to administer hormone therapy to their patients via topical methods (creams, gels, patches), oral methods (sublingual tablets, pills), or injections depending on the practitioners medical assessment of their patients clinical needs. 
 In a 2014 study published in the Journal of Sexual Medicine, pellet therapy was chosen by 17 of 382 male patients when presented with the choice of the following methods of hormone therapy: gels, injections, and implantable subcutaneous pellets. Further, according to a 2013 study published in the same journal, of 113 men who underwent a subcutaneous testosterone pellets therapy, 52.5 had switched to subcutaneous pellet therapy from topical gel therapy and 35.4 had switched from injection therapy. 
 We manage and monitor our supply chain, in part, via a Sales and Operations Planning Process S OP ). This has a goal of continually iterating a capital-efficient supply chain that underpins practitioners confidence in providing care for their patients. This process collects inputs from the following as part of our direct responsibility for planning and sourcing: 
 Feedback from dietary supplement suppliers we talk to regularly regarding inventory availability and fulfillment performance 

Sales and finance teams that monitor sales volumes, and develop product pricing structures 

Marketing teams that monitor sales and inventory metrics, developing promotional events to optimize revenue and inventory investment 

New dietary supplement product development teams that create new offerings to bring to market, based on industry trends and customer needs 

These and other inputs are reconciled monthly as part of the S OP process to ensure that expected market demand, product forecasts, orders and dietary supplement production delivery are tightly aligned across all involved functions, including sales, marketing, finance and operations. This process helps ensure that product inventories are managed to appropriate levels, simultaneously enabling targeted customer service levels and optimized inventory costs. 
 Our Biote-branded dietary supplement supply chain has remained highly stable over the past two years. As a preventative measure due to global supply chain disruptions, we increased our safety stock (minimum required inventory on hand) from three weeks to four weeks. For the foreseeable future, we will continue to monitor the marketplace and assess potential dietary supplement supply chain changes and alter our strategy accordingly. 
 Intellectual Property 
 We develop and continue to refine our CDS and proprietary formulations for our Biote-branded dietary supplements. We believe the completeness of our offerings represents a sustainable competitive advantage and is but one contributing factor to our high rate of practice retention. While their existence is not a trade secret, their details, as well as the investment and practice experience required by a competitor to reproduce them represents a barrier of entry in that respect. 
 16 
 
 Patents 
 As of December 31, 2022, we owned three issued U.S. design patents related to trocars. The first filed of these three patents, D773,664, is subject to a 14-year term and will expire on December 6, 2030. The remaining two patents, D791,322 and D800,307, are subject to a 15-year term and will expire on July 4, 2032, and October 17, 2032, respectively. We pursued these patents to protect the unique design qualities of the trocars recommended for use in our education and training. However, we are no longer using our design patents as specifications for trocar manufacturing, opting instead to purchase and market trocar convenience kits that include commercially available and sourced disposable trocars. 
 Trademarks 
 As of December 31, 2022, our trademark portfolio comprises 24 trademark registrations or active trademark applications worldwide. Such portfolio includes nine U.S. trademark registrations, 11 non-U.S. trademark registrations, three pending non-U.S. trademark applications and one pending U.S. trademark applications. 
 Trade Secrets 
 In addition to our reliance on trademark protection for our brand and tradename, we also rely on trade secrets, know-how, confidentiality agreements and continuing technological innovation to develop and maintain our competitive position. New employee hires, as well as vendors and consultants, are required to sign contractual agreements to protect our confidential information from disclosure. We take various physical security and cybersecurity measures, including having policies in place to prevent data breaches and help prevent our confidential information from being transferred to unsecured systems. 
 Competition 
 Although we have competitors, we believe that no current competitor has the strength and size of our practice-building business within the hormone optimization space. We believe our company is significantly larger than our next competitors in a highly fragmented space. The below chart details our principal competitors offerings compared to Biote (based on publicly available information): 

Company Name 
 
 Biote 
 
 Evexipel 
 
 Sottopelle 
 
 BodyLogicMD 
 
 Pellecome 
 
 HTCA 
 
 Pro-pell 

Number of Practice s Locations 
 
 3,600 
 
 300 
 
 150 
 
 45 
 
 100 
 
 120 
 
 150 

Geographic Area 
 
 North America 
 
 U.S. 
 
 U.S. South America 
 
 28 States 
 
 Most U.S. States 
 
 Most U.S. States 
 
 29 States 

Services Provided 
 
 BHRT Education, Training, and Inventory Management 
 
 Pellet Therapy Education 
 
 Pellet Therapy Education 
 
 BHRT Modalities and Wellness Program Franchise 
 
 Pellet Training, Pellet Insertion Devices 
 
 Pellet Therapy Education 
 
 Pellet Training, Compounding Pharmacy Items 

Products Sold 
 
 Training Classes, Dietary Supplements Convenience 
 
 Training Classes, Dietary Supplements Convenience Kits 
 
 Training Classes Pellets 
 
 Memberships to Provider offices 
 
 Training Classes, Dietary Supplements Convenience Kits 
 
 Training Classes 
 
 Training, Pellets, Supplements 

The dietary supplement space is a large, fragmented and highly competitive industry, with few barriers to entry for both branded dietary supplements sold through practitioners as well as direct to consumer online and through conventional retailers and department stores. For instance, of our competitors listed above, Evexipel, Pellecome, and Pro-Pell maintain their own branded dietary supplements that they sell through affiliated practitioners and Sottopelle, BodyLogicMD and HTCA sell their branded dietary supplements direct to consumers online. Further, an internet search for providers of DIM, a popular dietary supplement, illustrates more than 20 other accessible brands, including Nature s Way and The Vitamin Shoppe, available online and sold through conventional retailers and department stores such as The Vitamin Shoppe, Walmart, and Target. 
 Despite the significant availability of dietary supplements, the contents of different brands vary substantially leaving to the consumers to ensure that their purchase matches their physiologic needs. In contrast to other competitors, our Biote-branded dietary supplements are primarily sold and recommended by Biote-certified practitioners. As of December 2022, approximately 77 of Biote-partnered clinics also sell Biote-branded dietary supplement products. We believe consumers primarily choose our Biote-branded dietary supplements as they are recommended by their practitioner. 
 Government Regulations/Healthcare Laws 
 Government Regulation 
 Our business is the development and instruction in the Biote Method to practitioners who then become certified in the Biote Method. We offer training courses in our Biote Method and access to a network of other providers who have been trained in the Biote Method. The Biote Method involves educating and training medical providers in the analysis of patient hormone wellness. The Biote-certified practitioner will use both our proprietary user platform and his or her own independent medical judgment to assess patient wellness and make recommendations to improve wellness. This assessment may result in the Biote-certified practitioner s prescription for drugs, including compounded bioidentical hormones and/or recommendation of dietary supplements. 
 17 
 
 The healthcare industry in the United States is subject to extensive regulation by a number of governmental entities at the federal, state and local level. The healthcare regulatory landscape is also subject to frequent change. Laws and regulations in the healthcare industry are extremely complex and, in many instances, the industry does not have the benefit of significant regulatory or judicial interpretation. Moreover, our business is impacted not only by those laws and regulations that are directly applicable to us but also by certain laws and regulations that are applicable to vendors, medical providers, outsourcing facilities and traditional compounding pharmacies. While our management believes that we are in substantial compliance with all of the existing laws and regulations applicable to us as stated below, such laws and regulations are subject to rapid change and often are uncertain and inconsistent in their application. As controversies continue to arise in the healthcare industry, federal and state regulation and enforcement priorities in this area may increase, the impact of which cannot be predicted. There can be no assurance that we will not be subject to scrutiny or challenge under one or more of these laws or that any such challenge would not be successful. Any such challenge, whether or not successful, could have a material adverse effect upon our business and results of operations. 
 Among the various federal and state laws and regulations which may govern or impact our current and planned operations are the following: 
 Regulation of Dietary Supplements 
 Biote-certified practitioners who are trained in the Biote Method may recommend dietary supplements. We are a private-labeler of dietary supplements. 
 Under the FDCA, dietary supplements are defined as vitamins, minerals, herbs, other botanicals, amino acids and other dietary substances that are used to supplement the diet, as well as concentrates, constituents, extracts, metabolites, or combinations of such dietary ingredients. The FDCA and its amendments, such as the Food Safety Modernization Act and the Dietary Supplement Health and Education Act of 1994 (the DSHEA ), provide the FDA with the authority to regulate dietary supplements and the dietary ingredients in the supplement products and ensure that they comply with the requirements for identity, purity, quality, strength, and composition. The FDA has the authority to regulate the entire lifecycle of a dietary supplement product, and regulates the formulation, development, manufacture, packaging, labeling, holding, promotion, sale, and distribution of dietary supplements. Under the FDCA, introduction into interstate commerce of misbranded, adulterated, or otherwise unlawful FDA-regulated products is prohibited. Violations such as non-compliance with the FDA labeling requirements, false or misleading statements on a product s labeling, or non-compliant nutrient declarations can render a product misbranded. In addition, violations such as inclusion of prohibited or dangerous ingredients, production in facilities that do not comply with the current good manufacturing processes cGMP requirements, or production under insanitary conditions can render a product adulterated. 
 In addition, a dietary supplement product can become adulterated if it includes a new dietary ingredient and the product does not comply with the requirements for new dietary ingredients. A new dietary ingredient is a dietary ingredient that was not marketed in the United States before October 15, 1994. Under the DSHEA, manufacturers and distributors of dietary supplements containing new dietary ingredients must submit a new dietary ingredient notification, unless the ingredient has been present in the food supply as an article used for food in a form in which the food has not been chemically altered. A new dietary ingredient notification must provide the FDA with evidence of a history of use or other evidence of safety that establishes that use of the dietary ingredient will reasonably be expected to be safe. A new dietary ingredient notification must be submitted to the FDA at least 75 days before the new dietary ingredient can be marketed. There can be no assurance that the FDA will accept evidence purporting to establish the safety of any new dietary ingredients that we may want to market, and the FDA s refusal to accept such evidence could prevent the marketing of such dietary ingredients. In addition, there is no definitive list of dietary ingredients that are exempt from the new dietary ingredient notification requirement. There is no guarantee that the FDA will agree with us that all of our dietary ingredients comply with this requirement. 
 In determining whether a product should be regulated as a dietary supplement, the FDA reviews the objective intent of a product s manufacturer and/or distributor, as evidenced by the manufacturer and/or distributor s expressed or implied labeling claims, advertising matter, and oral and written statements, to determine the product s classification. The FDA may classify a product as a drug, food, or supplement depending on the objective intent. For example, claims to cure diseases can render a product a drug that is subject to FDA s drug requirements, such as the requirement to submit to the FDA a new drug application prior to marketing the product. However, certain health claims, which are claims that have been reviewed and approved by the FDA associating a nutrient with risk-reduction, but not treatment, of a disease or health-related condition may be included on dietary supplement product s labeling. In addition, statements of nutritional support, including so-called structure/function claims, can be included in labeling without the FDA s review of the statement. Such statements may describe how a particular dietary ingredient affects the structure, function or general well-being of the body, or the mechanism of action by which a dietary ingredient may affect the structure, function or well-being of the body, but such statements may not claim that a dietary supplement will reduce the risk or incidence of a disease unless such claim has been reviewed and approved by the FDA. A company that uses a statement of nutritional support in labeling must possess evidence at the time that the statement is made substantiating that the statement is truthful and not misleading. Such statements must be submitted to the FDA no later than thirty days after first marketing the product with the certification that the company possesses the necessary evidence and must be accompanied by an FDA-mandated label disclaimer tied to the statement, indicating that This statement has not been evaluated by the FDA. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease. There is no assurance, however, that the FDA will agree with our positions on these matters, and it may interpret a claim as 
 18 
 
 an unauthorized health claim, in which case we may not be able to use the claim for our products, and we may be subject to enforcement actions stemming from the claims that render a dietary supplement misbranded or cause a product to become an unapproved new drug under the FDCA. 
 As authorized by the FDCA, the FDA has adopted and implemented cGMPs, specifically for dietary supplements. These cGMPs impose extensive process controls on the manufacture, holding, labeling, packaging, and distribution of dietary supplements and the components of dietary supplements. They require that every dietary supplement be made in accordance with a master manufacturing record with all dietary ingredients verified by identity testing before use; that each step in manufacture, holding, labeling, packaging, and distribution be defined with written standard operating procedures, monitored, and documented; and that any deviation in manufacture, holding, labeling, packaging, or distribution be contemporaneously documented, assessed by a quality-control expert, and corrected through documented corrective action steps (whether through an intervention that restores the product to the specifications in the master manufacturing record or to document destruction of the non-conforming product). The cGMPs are designed to ensure documentation, including testing results that confirm the identity, purity, quality, strength, and composition of finished dietary supplements. In addition, cGMPs require a company to make and keep written records of every product complaint that is related to cGMPs. The regulations directly affect all who manufacture the dietary supplements that we sell and our distribution of dietary supplements. The FDA may deem any dietary supplement adulterated, whether presenting a risk of illness or injury or not, based on a failure to comply with any one or more process controls in the cGMP regulations. If deemed adulterated, a dietary supplement may not be lawfully distributed and may have to be recalled from the market. It is possible that the FDA will find one or more of the process controls for our products to be inadequate and may require corrective action, may render any one or more of the dietary supplements we sell unlawful for sale, or may result in a judicial order that may impair our ability to market and sell dietary supplements. 
 The FDA also requires product labels to include phone numbers or addresses for reporting of adverse events, and requires serious adverse event reporting for all supplements. An adverse event is defined by statute to include any health-related event associated with the use of a dietary supplement that is adverse. While all adverse event complaints received must be recorded in accordance with the cGMPs discussed above, only serious adverse events must be reported to the FDA. A serious adverse event is an adverse event that: results in death, a life-threatening experience, inpatient hospitalization, a persistent or significant disability or incapacity, or a congenital anomaly or birth defect; or requires, based on reasonable medical judgment, a medical or surgical intervention to prevent an outcome described above. When a manufacturer, packer, or distributor whose name appears on the product label of a dietary supplement receives any report of a serious adverse event associated with the use of the dietary supplement in the United States, the company must submit a serious adverse event report on MedWatch Form 3500A. The report must be filed within 15 business days of receipt of information regarding the adverse event. All adverse event reports, whether serious or not, must be recorded and kept in company records under the cGMP rules. A company must maintain records of each report of any adverse event (both serious and non-serious) for a minimum of 6 years. These records should include any documents related to the report, including: the company s serious adverse event report to the FDA with attachments; any new medical information about the serious adverse event received; all reports to the FDA of new medical information related to the serious adverse event; and any communications between the company and any other person(s) who provided information related to the adverse event. 
 Under the FDCA, the FDA also has the authority to inspect facilities that manufacture, process, pack, hold, or otherwise further the introduction of dietary supplement products into interstate commerce. The FDA typically reviews the facilities and the products that are manufactured, processed, packed, or held in those facilities for compliance with the requirements under the FDCA and its implementing regulations. If the FDA finds non-compliance during the inspection, the FDA may issue a Form 483 Notice of Inspectional Observations that lists and explains the deficiencies that the FDA identified during the inspection. Facilities then must implement corrective actions and provide responses to the FDA; if the FDA finds the corrective actions and responses to be satisfactory, the FDA will close out the inspection. Non-compliance with any of the FDA requirements under the FDCA can result in enforcement actions, including civil and criminal penalties. The FDA may send warning letters, untitled letters, or it-has-come-to-our-attention letters, make public announcements about illegal products, require mandatory or recommend voluntary recalls, or it may place the violative company and its products on the Import Alert, thereby stopping all applicable incoming shipments. For more serious or repeat violations, the FDA may seek more drastic remedies such as seizures, disgorgement, or injunctions. Criminal violations can result in fines or incarceration. Enforcement actions from the FDA can severely interfere with a company s ability to conduct its business and can also negatively impact the company s ability to operate in the future. 
 The FTC requires advertising for any product, including dietary supplements, to be truthful, not misleading, and properly substantiated. For advertisements relating to dietary supplements, the FDA typically requires a substantiation standard of competent and reliable scientific evidence for all express and implied claims. The FTC has promulgated policies and guidance that apply to advertising for food and dietary supplements. Advertisers must possess adequate substantiation for the product claims before disseminating advertisements. The FTC also regulates other aspects of consumer purchases including, but not limited to, promotional offers, telemarketing, continuity plans, and free offers. The FTC has instituted numerous enforcement actions against dietary supplement companies for making false or misleading advertising claims and for failing to adequately substantiate claims made in advertising. These enforcement actions have often resulted in warning letters, consent decrees and the payment of civil penalties and/or restitution by the companies involved. Should the FTC determine that our claims are false or misleading or unsubstantiated, we could be subject to FTC enforcement action. 
 19 
 
 Our business is also subject to regulation under various state and local laws that include provisions governing, among other things, the formulation, manufacturing, packaging, labeling, advertising and distribution of dietary supplements. For example, under Proposition 65 in the State of California, there is a list of substances that are deemed to pose a risk of carcinogenicity or birth defects at or above certain levels. If any such ingredient exceeds the permissible levels in a dietary supplement, cosmetic, or drug, the product may be lawfully sold in California only if accompanied by a prominent warning label alerting consumers that the product contains an ingredient linked to cancer or birth-defect risk. Private actions as well as California attorney general actions may be brought against non-compliant parties and can result in substantial costs and fines. In addition, there are state consumer protection statutes that allow consumers to bring lawsuits against marketers of FDA-regulated products. For example, California has a law called the Consumers Legal Remedies Act (Cal. Civ. Code 1750 et seq.) that allows private parties to assert a class action claim for false or deceptive advertising. It is typically asserted in combination with claims for false advertising and unfair competition under the California Business and Professions Code. California law firms specializing in this type of consumer class action claims have recently been targeting dietary supplement and OTC homeopathic drug makers and sellers of products sold in California, claiming injury based on the products failure to deliver results as claimed in product labeling and promotion. Many other states, such as New York and Illinois, have similar laws and we may become the subject of lawsuits filed under such laws, which tend to be plaintiff-friendly. 
 Congress continues to enact new laws or amend the existing laws that are applicable to some of our business. From time to time in the future, we may become subject to additional laws or regulations administered by the FDA; the FTC; or by other federal, state, or local regulatory authorities; to the repeal of laws or regulations, or to more stringent interpretations of current laws or regulations. We are not able to predict the nature of such future laws, regulations, repeals or interpretations, and we cannot predict what effect additional governmental regulation, if and when it occurs, would have on our business in the future. Such developments could, however, require reformulation of certain products to meet new standards, recalls or discontinuance of certain products not able to be reformulated, additional record-keeping requirements, increased documentation of the properties of certain products, additional or different labeling, additional scientific substantiation, additional personnel or other new requirements. Any such developments could have a material adverse effect on our business. There can be no assurance that, if more stringent statutes are enacted for dietary supplements, or if more stringent regulations are promulgated, we will be able to comply with such statutes or regulations or that compliance won t first require us to incur substantial expense. 
 Regulation of Compounded Drug Products 
 Section 503B Outsourcing Facilities 
 Biote-certified practitioners who are trained in the Biote Method may prescribe bioidentical compounded hormone pellets prepared by independent third-party compounding pharmacies, known as outsourcing facilities. Outsourcing facilities must be registered with the FDA under Section 503B of the FDCA. Outsourcing facilities are primarily regulated by Section 503B, however, outsourcing facilities may also be subject to state statutes and regulations governing the practice of pharmacy, and the Controlled Substances Act (the CSA and corresponding state-controlled substance regulations, as applicable. 
 Food, Drug Cosmetic Act . Under Section 503B of the FDCA, outsourcing facilities are permitted to compound large quantities of drug formulations pursuant to a practitioner s order, and to distribute drug formulations without a patient-specific prescription for office administration or for the purpose of dispensing. Section 503B includes requirements regarding registration and reporting, use of bulk drug substances, a prohibition on wholesaling and compounding copies of FDA-approved drugs, and certain requirements for labeling, among others. Entities registering as outsourcing facilities are subject to cGMP requirements and regular FDA inspections, among other requirements. FDA has issued a series of draft and final guidance which further explain FDA s positions on the requirements of certain portions of Section 503B. 
 Drugs compounded by outsourcing facilities in compliance with Section 503B are exempt from the new drug approval requirements of the FDCA and certain labeling requirements. This means that FDA does not verify the safety or effectiveness of compounded products distributed by outsourcing facilities; rather Section 503B of the FDCA establishes standards for manufacturing processes and controls to ensure drug quality applicable to outsourcing facilities. Drugs compounded by outsourcing facilities also lack an FDA finding of manufacturing quality before such drugs are marketed. Section 503B outsourcing facilities are subject to FDA inspection and are inspected by FDA on a risk-based schedule. Non-compliance with FDA requirements can result in FDA enforcement actions. FDA may send warning letters or untitled letters; make public announcements about illegal products; request recalls; or it may place the violative company and its products on Import Alert, thereby stopping all applicable incoming shipments. For more serious or repeat violations, FDA may seek more drastic remedies such as seizures, disgorgement, injunctions, or prosecution. 
 State Regulation . Outsourcing facilities are primarily regulated by the FDCA, however, certain states impose state licensing requirements on outsourcing facilities and may, where applicable, require that such facilities comply with applicable state statutes and regulations governing the preparation of drug products. Depending on the state, outsourcing facilities may be subject to further inspection by state regulatory authorities. 
 Controlled Substance Act . The CSA regulates the manufacture, importation, possession, use, and distribution of certain substances. These controlled substances are categorized into one of five schedules, and their placement is based upon the substance s medical use, potential for abuse, and safety or dependence liability. Controlled substances are subject to extensive regulation by the 
 20 
 
 DEA, as well as state and local regulatory agencies, regarding procurement, manufacture, storage, shipment, sale, and use. These regulations add additional complications and costs to the storage, use, sale and distribution of such products. All pharmacies, including outsourcing facilities, that handle controlled substances must register with DEA and ensure compliance with the CSA as it relates to the controlled substances in the pharmacy s possession. All pharmacies, including outsourcing facilities, that are registered with DEA are subject to inspection by DEA. Failure to comply with the CSA may result in civil and criminal liabilities. 
 Regulation of Medical Devices 
 In the United States, FDA defines a medical device as an instrument, apparatus, implement, machine, contrivance, implant, in vitro reagent or other similar or related article, including any component part or accessory, which is (i) intended for use in the diagnosis of disease or other conditions, or in the cure, mitigation, treatment, or prevention of disease, in man or other animals, or (ii) intended to affect the structure or any function of the body of man or other animals and which does not achieve any of its primary intended purposes through chemical action within or on the body of man or other animals and which is not dependent upon being metabolized for the achievement of any of its primary intended purposes. Medical devices are subject to extensive regulation by the FDA under the FDCA and its implementing regulations, and other federal and state statutes and regulations. The laws and regulations govern, among other things, medical device design and development, pre-clinical and clinical testing, pre-market clearance, authorization or approval, establishment registration and product listing, product manufacturing, product packaging and labeling, product storage, advertising and promotion, product distribution, recalls and field actions, servicing and post-market clinical surveillance. A number of U.S. states also impose licensing and compliance regimes on companies that manufacture or distribute prescription devices into or within the state. 
 Trocar Convenience Kits 
 The FDA classifies medical devices into three classes based on risk. The level of regulatory control increases from Class I (lowest risk), to Class II (moderate risk), to Class III (highest risk). Marketing of most Class II and III medical devices within the United States must be preceded either by (a) pre-market notification and FDA clearance pursuant to Section 510(k) of the FDCA or (b) the granting of pre-market approval PMA ). Both 510(k) notifications and PMA applications must be submitted to the FDA with significant user fees, although reduced fees for small businesses are available. Class I devices are generally exempt from pre-market review and notification, as are some moderate-risk Class II devices. Most Class II devices are subject to the requirement to submit a 510(k) notification and receive a clearance for marketing. Manufacturers of all classes of devices must comply with the FDA s Quality System Regulation QSR ), establishment registration, medical device listing, labeling requirements, and medical device reporting MDR regulations, which are collectively referred to as medical device general controls. Class II devices may also be subject to special controls such as performance standards, post-market surveillance, FDA guidelines, or particularized labeling. Some Class I and Class II devices can be exempted by regulation from the requirement of compliance with substantially all of the QSR. 
 FDA regulations for medical devices include requirements to (a) register medical devices establishments and (b) list marketed medical devices in the FDA medical device database. We are registered with FDA for our facility as a repackager/relabeler and a specification developer and our Class I disposable and reusable trocars which are included in convenience kits for sale to our customers are listed on FDA s device database. We currently market only disposable trocar convenience kits. The convenience kits include commercially available and sourced disposable trocar with obdurator and tip protector; a sterile tray; sterile, latex free, CSR wrap; a medicine cup; latex free gloves, a Syringe and needles; alcohol prep pad; chlorhexidine gluconate and isopropyl alcohol skin antiseptic swab stick; compound benzoin tincture vial; a fenestrated drape; gauze dressings; a plastic forceps; a scalpel, tape strips, and transparent dressing. These convenience kits are assembled by Medline Industries, LP, with the components, including the trocars, being manufactured by various other component suppliers. 
 A convenience kit is defined in 21 CFR 801.3 as two or more different medical devices packaged together for the convenience of the user. FDA interprets this to mean a convenience kit is a device that contains two or more different medical devices packaged together and intended to remain packaged together and not to be replaced, substituted, repackaged, sterilized, or otherwise processed or modified before being used by an end user. 
 Most medical devices, including the devices within a convenience kit, must undergo pre-market review by and receive clearance, authorization, or approval from the FDA prior to commercialization, unless the device is of a type exempted from such review by statute, regulation, or an FDA exercise of enforcement discretion. However, if a convenience kit falls under enforcement discretion such that it is not required to obtain a premarket clearance, the convenience kit must not modify the intended use(s) of the individual kit components. If the labeling of the kit suggests an intended use for components that differs from the approved uses, the FDA may require premarket review. 
 Under FDA s Convenience Kits Interim Regulatory Guidance, FDA exercises enforcement discretion and thereby does not require premarket clearance for convenience kits, as it is FDA s current thinking that such clearance may not be necessary to ensure protection of the public health. Accordingly, unless and until there is formal rulemaking on this issue, FDA intends to exercise its enforcement discretion, i.e. not require 510(k) clearance, for convenience kits if they are consistent with the Types of Convenience Kits list. To qualify for the enforcement discretion guidance and not be required to obtain premarket clearance, these kits must consist of components that do not alter the intended use of the individual kit components; only contain components that are legally marketed preamendments devices, exempt from premarket notification, or have been found to be substantially equivalent through 
 21 
 
 premarket notification process; and where the assembler/manufacturer is able to reasonably conclude that any further processing of the kit and its components does not significantly affect the safety or effectiveness of any of its components. 
 State Oversight of Convenience Kits 
 The distribution of convenience kits is also regulated by certain states, some of which impose state licensure requirements as a resident or nonresident distributor. That is, even if a facility does not handle the physical distribution of the convenience kit, the facility could still be required to obtain a state distributor license if the facility causes the convenience kit to be distributed or furthers the marketing of the convenience kit. We cause the convenience kits to be distributed and further the marketing of the same, therefore, we hold a resident device distributor license with the Texas Department of State Health Services. We also cause the distribution of convenience kits into several other states, some of which require Biote, as a nonresident facility, to hold a nonresident device distributor license. Accordingly, we also hold all applicable and required nonresident distributor licenses. 
 Clinical Decision Support Software 
 As stated above, our proprietary CDS provides Biote-certified practitioners with information from published literature and clinical guidelines to assist practitioners in evaluating patient-specific treatment options. 
 FDA has become increasingly active in addressing the regulation of computer software functions intended for use in healthcare settings. FDA has the authority to regulate a software function as a medical device if it falls within the definition of a device under the FDCA. However, FDA has exercised enforcement discretion for software said to be low risk. 
 The 21st Century Cures Act clarified FDA s authority to regulate software functions as medical devices by amending the definition of device in the FDCA to exclude certain software functions, including clinical decision support software that meet certain criteria. In December 2017, FDA issued a draft guidance document describing FDA s proposed interpretation of the exemption under the 21st Century Cures Act for CDS software. FDA issued a revised draft of this CDS software guidance document in September 2019. Under the 21st Century Cures Act and FDA CDS guidance, certain software functions are excluded from FDA s definition of device when they meet all the following criteria: 
 1. not intended to acquire, process, or analyze a medical image or a signal from an in vitro diagnostic device or a pattern or signal from a signal acquisition system; 

2. intended for the purpose of displaying, analyzing, or printing medical information about a patient or other medical information (such as peer-reviewed clinical studies and clinical practice guidelines); 

3. intended for the purpose of supporting or providing recommendations to a healthcare professional about prevention, diagnosis, or treatment of a disease or condition; and 

4. intended for the purpose of enabling such healthcare professional to independently review the basis for such recommendations that such software presents so that it is not the intent that such healthcare professional rely primarily on any of such recommendations to make a clinical diagnosis or treatment decision regarding an individual patient. 

Although we believe that our technologies and software are not subject to active FDA regulation, there is a risk that the FDA could disagree. There is also a risk that FDA could finalize its guidance for CDS software in such a way that it excludes our software and technologies from the scope of the CDS software exclusion under the 21st Century Cures Act. 
 If the FDA determines that any of our current or future services, technologies or software applications, including our CDS software, are regulated by the FDA as medical devices, we would become subject to various statutes, regulations and policies enforced by the FDA and other governmental authorities, including both pre-market and post-market requirements, and we would need to bring the affected services, technologies, and/or software into compliance with such requirements. 
 Other Laws 
 Regulation of Advertising 
 The FTC regulates advertising pursuant to its authority to prevent unfair or deceptive acts or practices in or affecting commerce under the Federal Trade Commission Act (the FTCA ). The FTC will find an advertisement to be deceptive if it contains a representation or omission of fact that is likely to mislead consumers acting reasonably under the circumstances, and the representation or omission is material and if the advertiser does not possess and rely upon a reasonable basis, such as competent and reliable evidence, substantiating the claim. The FTC may attack unfair or deceptive advertising practices through either an administrative adjudication or judicial enforcement action, including preliminary or permanent injunction. The FTC may also seek consumer redress from the advertiser in instances of dishonest or fraudulent conduct. 
 In addition, the FDA regulates the advertising of prescription drugs. Promotional materials for prescription compounded drugs may not be false or misleading. Failure to comply with FDA requirements can result in a prescription drug being deemed misbranded under the FDCA. This can result in administrative or judicial penalties, including civil penalties, injunctions, or in extreme instances, criminal prosecution. 
 22 
 
 Moreover, states have similar unfair and deceptive acts and practices statutes (sometimes called little FTC Acts or UDAP statutes). They vary, but often the state regulator can seek monetary relief along with an order of discontinuance. Under certain state UDAP laws, consumers can bring private claims against companies who disseminate false or deceptive advertising claims. Although those UDAP statutes often provide for statutory damages in the case of individual consumers, more often such cases take the form of class actions, which can lead to damages awards and awards of attorney s fees. 
 Finally, federal and state laws also give causes of action to competitors to seek injunctive and monetary relief for false and misleading advertising statements. Any person who is or may be likely to be damaged by false or misleading advertising statements may bring an action in federal court pursuant to the Lanham Act, 43(a). Proven damages may be trebled and attorney s fees and costs may be awarded in appropriate cases. There are state analogs of this sort of unfair competition statute as well. 
 Corporate Practice of Medicine Laws; Fee Splitting 
 We contract with Biote-certified practitioners to provide them with access to our services. These contractual relationships are subject to various state laws that prohibit fee splitting or the practice of a healthcare profession by lay entities or persons that are intended to prevent unlicensed persons from interfering with or influencing a practitioner s professional judgment, known as the corporate practice of medicine. Activities other than those directly related to the delivery of healthcare may be considered an element of the practice of medicine in many states. Under the corporate practice of medicine prohibition of certain states, decisions and activities that may be performed by unlicensed individuals or entities and perceived as impacting the clinical decision-making of licensed professionals such as policy and procedure development, contracting, setting rates and the hiring and management of clinical personnel may implicate the restrictions on the corporate practice of medicine. Similarly, certain compensation arrangements between licensed professionals and unlicensed individuals and entities can implicate state fee-splitting prohibitions, which prohibit providers from sharing a portion of their professional fees collected with third parties. 
 State corporate practice of medicine and fee-splitting laws and rules vary from state to state and are not always consistent across various healthcare professions within the same state. In addition, these requirements are subject to broad interpretation and enforcement by state regulators. Some of these requirements may apply to our business even if we do not have a physical presence in the state, based solely on our relationship with a practitioner licensed in the state. Thus, regulatory authorities or other parties, including Biote-certified practitioners, may assert that we are engaged in the corporate practice of medicine or that our contractual arrangements with Biote-certified practitioners or their practice groups constitute unlawful fee splitting. In such event, failure to comply could lead to adverse judicial or administrative action against us and/or Biote-certified practitioners, civil, criminal or administrative penalties, receipt of cease-and-desist orders from state regulators, loss of provider licenses, the need to make changes to the terms of engagement of our Biote-certified practitioners that interfere with our business, and other materially adverse consequences. 
 Licenses and Accreditations 
 We, as well as the Biote-certified practitioners, may be subject to professional and private licensing, certification and accreditation requirements. These include, but are not limited to, requirements imposed by Medicare, Medicaid, state licensing authorities, voluntary accrediting organizations and third-party private payors. Receipt and renewal of such licenses, certifications and accreditations are often based on inspections, surveys, audits, investigations or other reviews, some of which may require affirmative compliance actions by us to ensure we are accurately representing our services that could be burdensome and expensive. The applicable standards may change in the future. There can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain all necessary licenses or certifications in good standing or that they will not be required to incur substantial costs in doing so. The failure to maintain all necessary licenses, certifications and accreditations in good standing, or the expenditure of substantial funds to maintain them, could have an adverse effect on our business. 
 U.S. State Healthcare Fraud and Abuse Laws 
 Many states, including certain states in which we conduct our business, prohibit any person from offering, paying, soliciting or receiving any remuneration, directly or indirectly, in cash or in kind, for the referral of patients or other items or services to or with licensed healthcare providers, subject to limited exceptions. The scope of these laws and the interpretations of them vary by jurisdiction and are enforced by local courts and regulatory authorities, each with broad discretion. Some state fraud and abuse laws apply to items or services reimbursed by any third-party payor, including commercial insurers, some apply only to state healthcare program payors, while other state laws apply regardless of payor, including funds paid out of pocket by a patient. A determination of liability under such state fraud and abuse laws could result in fines and penalties and restrictions on our ability to operate in these jurisdictions. 
 The federal Anti-Kickback Statute prohibits the knowing and willful offer, payment, solicitation or receipt of any form of remuneration to induce the referral of a patient or the purchase, lease or order (or the arranging for or recommending of the purchase, lease or order) of healthcare items or services paid for by federal healthcare programs, including Medicare or Medicaid. A violation does not require proof that a person had actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate the statute, and court decisions under the Anti-Kickback Statute have consistently held that the law is violated where one purpose of a payment is to induce or reward referrals. Violation of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute could result in felony conviction, administrative penalties, liability (including 
 23 
 
 penalties) under the False Claims Act, 31 U.S.C. 3729 (the False Claims Act and/or exclusion from federal healthcare programs. A number of states have enacted anti-kickback laws that sometimes apply not only to state-sponsored healthcare programs, but also to items or services that are paid for by private insurance and self-pay patients. State anti-kickback laws can vary considerably in their applicability and scope and sometimes have fewer statutory and regulatory exceptions than does the federal law. We consider the importance of anti-kickback laws when structuring company operations and relationships. That said, we cannot ensure that the applicable regulatory authorities will not determine that some of our arrangements with physicians violate the Anti-Kickback Statute or other applicable laws. An adverse determination could subject us to different liabilities, including criminal penalties, civil monetary penalties and exclusion from participation in Medicare, Medicaid or other healthcare programs, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Under the Civil Monetary Penalties Law, a person (including an organization) is prohibited from knowingly presenting or causing to be presented to any United States officer, employee, agent, or department, or any state agency, a claim for payment for medical or other items or services where the person knows or should know (a) the items or services were not provided as described in the coding of the claim, (b) the claim is a false or fraudulent claim, (c) the claim is for a service furnished by an unlicensed physician, (d) the claim is for medical or other items or service furnished by a person or an entity that is in a period of exclusion from the program, or (e) the items or services are medically unnecessary items or services. Penalties range from 20,000 to 100,000 per violation up to 20,000 per claim, treble damages, and exclusion from federal healthcare programs. The Civil Monetary Penalties Law also prohibits a person from transferring any remuneration to a Medicare or Medicaid beneficiary that the person knows or should know is likely to influence the beneficiary s selection of a particular provider of Medicare or Medicaid payable items or services. 
 The federal False Claims Act imposes civil penalties for knowingly submitting or causing the submission of a false or fraudulent claim for payment to a government-sponsored program, such as Medicare and Medicaid. Violations of the False Claims Act present civil liability of treble damages plus a penalty of at least 21,563 per false claim. The False Claims Act has whistleblower or qui tam provisions that allow individuals to commence a civil action in the name of the government, and the whistleblower is entitled to share in any subsequent recovery (plus attorney s fees). Many states also have enacted civil statutes that largely mirror the federal False Claims Act but allow states to impose penalties in a state court. The existence of the False Claims Act, under which so-called qui tam plaintiffs can allege liability for a wide range of regulatory noncompliance, increases the potential for such actions to be brought and has increased the potential financial exposure for such actions. These actions are costly and time-consuming to defend. 
 U.S. State and Federal Health Information Privacy and Security Laws 
 There are numerous U.S. federal and state laws and regulations related to the privacy and security of personal identifiable information PII ), including health information. The Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 HIPAA is a federal law that required the creation of national standards to protect sensitive patient health information from being disclosed without the patient s consent or knowledge. In particular, HIPAA establishes privacy and security standards that limit the use and disclosure of PHI, and require the implementation of administrative, physical, and technical safeguards to ensure the confidentiality, integrity and availability of PHI in electronic form. Biote-certified practitioners and their clinics may be regulated as covered entities under HIPAA. We may be a business associate of our covered entity clients when we are working on behalf of our covered entity clients and providing services to those clients. 
 To the extent we qualify as a business associate, we will also be regulated by HIPAA and may be required to provide satisfactory written assurances to our covered entity clients through written business associate agreements that we will provide our services in accordance with HIPAA. Failure to comply with these contractual agreements could lead to loss of clients, contractual liability to our clients, and direct action by HHS Office for Civil Rights, including monetary penalties. Violations of HIPAA may result in significant civil and criminal penalties, including a tiered system of civil monetary penalties that range from 100 to 50,000 per violation, with a cap of 1.5 million per year for identical violations. However, a single breach incident can result in violations of multiple standards. Under the breach notification rule, covered entities must notify affected individuals without unreasonable delay in the case of a breach of unsecured PHI, which may compromise the privacy, security or integrity of the PHI. In addition, notification must be provided to HHS and the local media in cases where a breach affects more than 500 individuals. Breaches affecting fewer than 500 individuals must be reported to HHS on an annual basis. HIPAA also requires a business associate to notify its covered entity clients of breaches by the business associate without unreasonable delay and no later than 60 days from the discovery of the breach. 
 State attorneys general also have the right to prosecute HIPAA violations committed against residents of their states. While HIPAA does not create a private right of action that would allow individuals to sue in civil court for a HIPAA violation, its standards have been used as the basis for the duty of care in state civil suits, such as those for negligence or recklessness in misusing personal information. It also tasks HHS with establishing a methodology whereby harmed individuals who were the victims of breaches of unsecured PHI may receive a percentage of the Civil Monetary Penalty fine paid by the violator. In light of the HIPAA Omnibus Final Rule, recent enforcement activity, and statements from HHS, we expect increased federal and state HIPAA privacy and security enforcement efforts. 
 Many states where we operate and where patients treated by Biote-certified practitioners reside also have laws that protect the privacy and security of sensitive and personal information, including health information. 
 24 
 
 These laws may be similar to or even more protective than HIPAA and other federal privacy laws. For example, the laws of the State of California that govern personal information and medical information such as the California Consumer Protection Act or the California Confidentiality of Medical Information Act, in which we operate, are more restrictive than HIPAA. Where state laws are more protective than HIPAA, we must comply with the state laws we are subject to, in addition to HIPAA. In certain cases, it may be necessary to modify our planned operations and procedures to comply with these more stringent state laws. Not only may some of these state laws impose fines and penalties upon violators, but, unlike HIPAA, some may afford private rights of action to individuals who believe their personal information has been misused. In addition, state laws are changing rapidly, and there have been proposals for a new federal privacy law or federal breach notification law, to which we may be subject. 
 In addition to HIPAA and state health information privacy laws, we may be subject to other state and federal privacy laws, including laws that prohibit unfair privacy and security acts or practices and deceptive statements about privacy and security and laws that place specific requirements on certain types of activities, such as data security and texting. The FTC and states attorneys general have brought enforcement actions and prosecuted some data breach cases as unfair and/or deceptive acts or practices under the FTC Act and similar state laws. FTC jurisdiction in data privacy and security cases is concurrent with the HHS Office for Civil Rights jurisdiction with respect to HIPAA. 
 In recent years, there have been a number of well-publicized data breaches involving the improper use and disclosure of PII and PHI. Many states have responded to these incidents by enacting laws requiring holders of personal information to maintain safeguards and to take certain actions in response to a data breach, such as providing prompt notification of the breach to affected individuals and state officials and provide credit monitoring services and/or other relevant services to impacted individuals. In addition, under HIPAA and pursuant to the related contracts that we may enter into with Biote-certified practitioners or Biote-partnered clinics who are covered entities, we must report breaches of unsecured PHI to them following discovery of the breach within a set timeframe. Notification must also be made in certain circumstances to affected individuals, federal and state authorities, media, and other relevant parties. 
 Corporate Information 
 HYAC was incorporated in the State of Delaware on July 6, 2020 as a special purpose acquisition company under the name Haymaker Acquisition Corp. III. Holdings is a Delaware limited liability company formed on March 31, 2019. On March 4, 2021, HYAC completed its IPO. On May 26, 2022 (the Closing Date ), the Business Combination with Holdings was consummated, resulting in Biote being organized in an Up-C structure, and HYAC as the registrant changed its name to biote Corp . Biote s headquarters are located at 1875 W. Walnut Hill Ln #100 Irving, Texas 75038. Our telephone number is (844) 604-1246, and our website address is www.biote.com. 
 Available Information 
 Our website address is www.biote.com . We make available on our website, free of charge, our Annual Reports, our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and our Current Reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). The SEC maintains a website that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding our filings at www.sec.gov . The information found on our website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report or any other report we file with or furnish to the SEC. 
 It em 1A. Risk Factors. 
 Risks Related to Our Industry and Business 
 Our success will depend upon whether the Biote Method and our Biote-branded dietary supplements attain significant market acceptance among clinics, practitioners and their patients. 
 Our success will depend on the acceptance of the hormone optimization methods we teach in our training. We cannot predict how quickly clinics, practitioners or their patients will accept the Biote Method (as further described in the section entitled Business or, if accepted, how frequently it will be used. The methods that we currently recommend and any methods we recommend in the future may never gain broad market acceptance. Demonstrated HRT health risks or side effects, as well as negative publicity relating to the same, could negatively impact the perception of patient benefit and generate resistance and opposition from practitioners, which could limit adoption of the Biote Method and have a material adverse impact on our business. To date, a substantial majority of our sales and revenue have been derived from a limited number of clinics and independent, third-party physicians and nurse practitioners who are certified under our training program (the Biote-certified practitioners ). 
 25 
 
 Our future growth and profitability will largely depend on our ability to increase practitioner awareness of our practice-building platform as well as our Biote-branded dietary supplements, and on the willingness of clinics, practitioners and their patients to adopt them. Practitioners may not adopt the Biote Method unless they determine, based on experience, clinical data, medical society recommendations and other analyses, that our methods and the Biote-branded dietary supplements are appropriate for their patients. Healthcare practitioners must believe that our practice-building platform and Biote-branded dietary supplements offer benefits over alternatives. Even if we are able to raise awareness, practitioners may be slow in changing their medical treatment practices and may be hesitant to use the Biote Method. 
 Practitioners independently determine the type of treatment that will be utilized and provided to their patients. We focus our sales, marketing and education efforts primarily in the hormone optimization space and aim to educate Biote-certified practitioners regarding the patient population that would benefit from the Biote Method. Despite our efforts, we cannot assure you that we will achieve broad market acceptance among these practitioners or, more generally, that practitioners will adopt the Biote Method at all. Further, changes in the regulatory or enforcement landscape may be a factor in practitioners choosing certain methods for their patients, for example, medication compounded by a compounding pharmacy or outsourcing facility. 
 For example, some Biote-certified practitioners may choose to utilize the Biote Method and our Biote-branded dietary supplements on only a subset of their total patient population or may not adopt our offerings at all. If we are not able to effectively demonstrate that the use of the Biote Method and our Biote-branded dietary supplements is beneficial in a broad range of their patients, adoption of our offerings will be limited and may not occur as rapidly as we anticipate or at all, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We cannot assure you that the Biote Method or our Biote-branded dietary supplements will achieve broad market acceptance among clinics and practitioners. Additionally, even if the Biote Method and our Biote-branded dietary supplements achieve initial market acceptance, they may not maintain that market acceptance over time if competing methods, procedures or technologies are considered more cost-effective or otherwise superior. Any failure of our offerings to generate sufficient demand or to achieve meaningful market acceptance and penetration will harm our future prospects and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Further, if the Biote Method or our Biote-branded dietary supplements do not generate sufficient patient demand for the Biote-certified practitioners or clinics we partner with Biote-partnered clinics ), we may be unable to attract or retain contracts with practitioners or clinics to use the Biote Method or sell our Biote-branded dietary supplements. If we are unable to attract or retain contracts with practitioners or clinics, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 Outsourcing facilities that produce bioidentical hormone pellets that we offer training on in the Biote Method and failure by those parties to adequately perform their obligations could harm our business. 
 Outsourcing facilities manufacture the products that we recommend as part of our training. The facilities used to compound and distribute bioidentical hormone pellets, which may be prescribed by Biote-certified practitioners, are registered with the FDA as 503B outsourcing facilities. We do not control or direct the compounding or manufacturing processes used by these outsourcing facilities. We use contract manufacturers to produce the formulations of the dietary supplements we develop and sell under Biote s private label, and we rely on those manufacturers for compliance with the applicable regulatory requirements. As such, we have no control over the ability of third parties to maintain adequate quality control, quality assurance and qualified personnel. If the FDA or a comparable international regulatory authority does not approve these facilities for the manufacture of these products or if it withdraws any such approval in the future, we may need to identify alternative manufacturing facilities, which would significantly impact our ability to meet consumer demand. In addition, our inability to identify or enter into satisfactory arrangements with any such alternative manufacturing facilities may result in a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Further, our reliance on third-party dietary supplement contract manufacturers entails risks, including: 
 inability to meet certain product specifications and quality requirements consistently; 

delay or inability to procure or expand sufficient manufacturing capacity; 

issues related to scale-up of manufacturing; 

costs and validation of new equipment and facilities required for scale-up; 

third-party manufacturers may not be able to execute necessary manufacturing procedures and other logistical support requirements appropriately; 

third-party manufacturers may fail to comply with current good manufacturing practice cGMP requirements and other requirements by the FDA or other comparable regulatory authorities; 

inability for us or Biote-certified practitioners and Biote-partnered clinics to negotiate manufacturing agreements with third parties under commercially reasonable terms, if at all; 

breach, termination or non-renewal of manufacturing agreements with third parties in a manner or at a time that is costly or damaging to us or Biote-certified practitioners and Biote-partnered clinics; 

26 
 
 third-party manufacturers may not devote sufficient resources to the products that we recommend as part of our training or our Biote-branded dietary supplements; 

we may not own, or may have to share, the intellectual property rights to any improvements made by third-party manufacturers in the manufacturing process for our Biote-branded dietary supplements; 

operations of third-party manufacturers or our suppliers could be disrupted by conditions unrelated to our business or operations, including the bankruptcy of the manufacturer or supplier; and 

logistics carrier disruptions or increased costs that are beyond our control. 

Any adverse developments affecting manufacturing operations for our Biote-branded dietary supplements may result in lot failures, inventory shortages, shipment delays, product withdrawals or recalls or other interruptions in the supply of these products, which could prevent their delivery to Biote-certified practitioners or Biote-partnered clinics. We may also have to write off inventory, incur other charges and expenses to replace dietary supplements that fail to meet specifications, undertake costly remediation efforts, or seek more costly manufacturing alternatives. 
 Any of these events could impact our ability to successfully commercialize any future products that we recommend as part of our training and our current or any future Biote-branded dietary supplements. Some of these events could be the basis for FDA action, including injunction, request for recall, seizure, or total or partial suspension of production. 
 We and Biote-certified practitioners and Biote-partnered clinics are reliant on AnazaoHealth Corporation, Right Value Drug Stores, LLC. and F.H. Investments, Inc. to support the manufacturing of bio-identical hormones for prescribers. 
 We entered into a Pharmacy Services Agreement with AnazaoHealth Corporation, or AnazaoHealth, on October 30, 2020 (the AnazaoHealth Pharmacy Services Agreement ), an Outsourcing Facility Services Agreement with Right Value Drug Stores, LLC d/b/a Carie Boyd s Prescription Shop, or Carie Boyd s on August 1, 2020 (the Outsourcing Facility Services Agreement ), and a Pharmacy Services Agreement with F.H. Investments, Inc. d/b/a Asteria Health, Asteria Health, on October 28, 2021, to build relationships to support Biote-certified practitioners by offering an option for the compounded bioidentical hormones that the practitioners may order or prescribe (the Asteria Health Pharmacy Services Agreement ). AnazaoHealth, Carie Boyd s, and Asteria Health are operators of FDA-registered 503B outsourcing facilities. While Biote-certified practitioners have the option to use a variety of different outsourcing facilities, AnazaoHealth, Carie Boyd s and Asteria Health are the primary outsourcing facilities of the compound testosterone and estradiol implantable subcutaneous pellets used by Biote-certified practitioners as part of the Biote Method. However, we do not control or direct the compounding or manufacturing processes of these 503B outsourcing facilities. We also do not control the time and resources AnazaoHealth, Carie Boyd s or Asteria Health devotes to compounding of testosterone and estradiol implantable subcutaneous pellets. If AnazaoHealth, Carie Boyd s or Asteria Health are unable to successfully fulfill a Biote-certified practitioner s product orders, or if the state licenses held by AnazaoHealth, Carie Boyd s or Asteria Health to ship medications for office use throughout the United States are revoked, expire or otherwise not maintained, it could adversely impact the practices of Biote-certified Practitioners or Biote-partnered clinics, which could in turn have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Other changes in state and federal regulatory and enforcement with respect to compounded drugs may also affect AnazaoHealth, Carie Boyd s and Asteria Health, and, in turn, have the potential to harm the practices of Biote-certified practitioners or Biote-partnered clinics or our business. 
 Any termination of the AnazaoHealth Pharmacy Services Agreement, the Outsourcing Facility Services Agreement, or the Asteria Health Pharmacy Services Agreement could have an adverse effect on the practices of Biote-certified Practitioners or Biote-partnered clinics our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 In the future, we may also seek to develop relationships with other outsourcing facilities to support the manufacturing of bioidentical hormones for Biote-certified practitioners and Biote-partnered clinics in the United States and internationally, with an initial focus on expansion into Puerto Rico, Argentina, Brazil, Colombia, Mexico, Canada and the Dominican Republic, as permitted by law. If we fail to develop new relationships with any other outsourcing facilities we seek to engage, including in new markets in the United States and internationally, fail to manage or incentivize these facilities effectively, or if these facilities are not successful in their sales and marketing efforts, our ability to support to Biote-certified practitioners and Biote-partnered clinics, and to generate revenue, cash flow and earnings growth could suffer, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Moreover, these agreements may be non-exclusive, and some of these facilities may also have cooperative relationships with certain of our competitors. 
 Biote-certified practitioners and Biote-partnered clinics are concentrated in certain geographic regions, which makes us sensitive to regulatory, economic, environmental and competitive conditions in those regions. 
 We generate revenues by charging the Biote-partnered clinics fees associated with the support Biote provides for HRT and from the sale of Biote-branded dietary supplements. During the year ended December 31, 2022, over 64 of our revenue was generated in Texas, Oklahoma, New Mexico, Colorado, Arkansas, Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama, Georgia and Florida. Such geographic concentration makes us particularly sensitive to regulatory, economic, environmental and competitive conditions in those states. Any 
 27 
 
 material changes in those factors in those states could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We may not be successful in expanding into new geographic areas within the United States or internationally. In addition, as we expand into new geographic areas, we may not be able to dedicate enough time or resources to maintain our market share in our core geographic areas, and our business may be negatively impacted. 
 The frequency of use by practitioners and clinics of the Biote Method may not increase at the rate that we anticipate or at all. 
 One of our key objectives is to continue to increase utilization, or the adoption and frequency of use, of both the Biote Method and our Biote-branded dietary supplements by new and existing Biote-certified practitioners and Biote-partnered clinics. If utilization by our existing and newly trained Biote-certified practitioners of the Biote Method and the Biote-branded dietary supplements we sell does not occur or does not occur as quickly as we anticipate, we could experience a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Adoption of the Biote Method depends upon appropriate practitioner training, and inadequate training may lead to negative patient outcomes and adversely affect our business. 
 Our success depends in part on the patient selection criteria of Biote-certified practitioners and proper execution of methods discussed in training sessions conducted by our training faculty. However, the practice of medicine is the domain of the Biote-certified practitioners, who rely on their previous medical training and experience, and we cannot guarantee that Biote-certified practitioners will effectively utilize the Biote Method. Patient outcomes may not be consistent across Biote-certified practitioners and Biote-partnered clinics. This result may negatively impact the perception of patient benefit and limit adoption of the Biote Method, and could result in litigation against us, in each case which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The continuing development of our training depends upon our maintaining strong working relationships with Biote-certified practitioners and other medical personnel. 
 The development, marketing and sale of our training depend upon our maintaining working relationships with Biote-certified practitioners and other medical personnel. We rely on these relationships to provide us with considerable knowledge and experience regarding the development, marketing and sale of our training. For example, Biote-certified practitioners assist us in marketing and as researchers, consultants and public speakers. If we cannot maintain our strong working relationships and continue to receive such advice and input, the development and marketing of our training could suffer, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We believe our long-term value as a company will be greater if we focus on growth, which may negatively impact our results of operations in the near term. 
 We believe our long-term value as a company will be greater if we focus on longer-term growth over short-term results. As a result, our results of operations may be negatively impacted in the near term relative to a strategy focused on maximizing short-term profitability. Significant expenditures on marketing efforts, acquisitions and international expansion may not ultimately grow our business or lead to expected long-term results. 
 We have experienced substantial growth in our operations, and we expect to experience continued growth in our business. For example, we plan to increase our headcount from 2023 through 2025. This growth has placed, and will continue to place, significant demands on our management and our operational infrastructure. Any growth that we experience in the future could require us to expand our sales and marketing personnel and general and administrative infrastructure. In addition to the need to scale our organization, future growth will impose significant added responsibilities on management, including the need to identify, recruit, train and integrate additional employees. We cannot assure you that any increases in scale will be successfully implemented or that appropriate personnel will be available to facilitate the growth of our business. Rapid expansion in personnel could mean that less experienced people market and sell the Biote Method and our Biote-branded dietary supplements, which could result in inefficiencies and unanticipated costs, lowered quality standards and disruptions to our operations. Rapid and significant growth may strain our administrative and operational infrastructure and could require significant capital expenditures that may divert financial resources from other projects, such as research and development of potential future offerings. In addition, our ability to grow may be adversely impacted due to factors beyond our control, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, financial performance, financial condition and results of operations, and could expose us to liability. Our failure to manage growth effectively could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. To manage the growth of our operations, we must establish appropriate and scalable operational and financial systems, procedures and controls and build and maintain a qualified finance, administrative and operations staff. If we are unable to manage our growth effectively, including by failing to implement necessary procedures, transition to new processes or hire necessary personnel, we may fail to execute our business strategy which would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 28 
 
 We face significant competition, and if we are unable to compete effectively, we may not be able to achieve or maintain expected levels of market penetration and market share, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The medical practice-building market and dietary supplement industry are highly competitive, subject to rapid change and significantly affected by new offerings and other market activities of industry participants. For example, in the dietary supplement space, we are competing with more than 30 brands of dietary supplements, including that of Evexipel, Pellecome, Pro-Pell, Sottopelle, BodyLogicMD, HTCA and Nature s Way, that are either available direct to consumer online, through more conventional retailers and department stores and/or sold through practitioners. If we are unable to compete effectively, we will not be able to establish our training and Biote-branded dietary supplements in the marketplace, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Further, large, well-capitalized pharmaceutical companies may enter the medical practice-building market in the hormone optimization space or dietary supplements market and would be able to spend more on development of their offerings, marketing, sales, compliance and other initiatives than we can. Some of our competitors may have: 
 significantly greater name recognition; 

broader or deeper relations with healthcare professionals and clinics; 

more established dietary supplement distribution networks; 

additional lines of dietary supplements and the ability to offer rebates or bundle products to offer greater discounts or other incentives to gain a competitive advantage; 

greater experience in conducting research and development, and marketing for their products; and 

greater financial and human resources for development, sales and marketing and patent prosecution of our offerings. 

Our continued success depends on our ability to: 
 develop innovative training as well as Biote-branded dietary supplements that aim to address patient needs; 

adapt to regulatory and enforcement changes over time; 

expand our sales force across key markets to increase the number of Biote-certified practitioners; 

leverage our Biote-branded dietary supplements; 

accelerate the expansion of our business into new markets; 

attract and retain skilled research, development, sales and clinical personnel; 

cost-effectively market and sell our training and our Biote-branded dietary supplements; and 

obtain, maintain, enforce and defend our intellectual property rights and operate our business without infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating the intellectual property rights of others. 

We can provide no assurance that we will be successful in developing new training, methods, or Biote-branded dietary supplements or commercializing them in ways that achieve market acceptance. Moreover, any significant delays in the development or commercialization of new training, methods or dietary supplements may significantly impede our ability to enter or compete in a given market and may reduce the sales that we are able to generate, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We have a limited history operating a practice-building business for practitioners in the hormone optimization space, which may make it difficult for an investor to evaluate the success of our business to date and to assess our future viability. 
 We have a limited history operating a practice-building business for practitioners in the hormone optimization space. We commenced operations in 2012, and our operations to date have been largely focused on organizing and staffing our company, business planning, raising capital, developing the Biote Method and our training, refining our relationships with outsourcing facilities that can compound the bioidentical hormone pellet products that Biote-certified practitioners may prescribe, as well as manufacturers who produce our Biote-branded dietary supplements. Our limited operating history and evolving business make it difficult to evaluate our current business and future prospects and increase the risk of your investment. Any predictions you make about our future success or viability may not be as accurate as they could be if we had a longer operating history or a history of commercializing the Biote Method and our Biote-branded dietary supplements. In addition, as an early-stage company with a limited operating history, we may encounter unforeseen expenses, difficulties, complications, delays and other known and unknown factors which may result in our inability to maintain profitability. 
 29 
 
 Our quarterly results may fluctuate significantly and may not fully reflect the underlying performance of our business. 
 Our results of operations and key metrics discussed elsewhere in this Annual Report may vary significantly in the future and period-to-period comparisons of our operating results and key metrics may not provide a full picture of our performance. Accordingly, the results of any one quarter or year should not be relied upon as an indication of future performance. Our quarterly financial results and metrics may fluctuate as a result of a variety of factors, many of which are outside of our control, and as a result they may not fully reflect the underlying performance of our business. These quarterly fluctuations may negatively affect the value of our securities. Factors that may cause these fluctuations include, without limitation: 
 the level of demand for either the Biote Method or our Biote-branded dietary supplements, which may vary significantly from period to period; 

our ability to attract new Biote-partnered clinics and Biote-certified practitioners; 

the addition or loss of one or more of our Biote-partnered clinics or Biote-certified practitioners, including as the result of acquisitions or consolidations; 

the timing of recognition of revenues; 

the amount and timing of operating expenses; 

general economic, industry and market conditions, both domestically and internationally, including any economic downturns and adverse impacts resulting from public health crises, increases in inflation and interest rates and/or the military conflict between Russia and Ukraine; 

the timing of our billing and collections; 

Biote-partnered clinic and Biote-certified practitioner renewal, expansion, and adoption rates; 

increases or decreases in the number of patients that are served by Biote-certified practitioners or Biote-partnered clinics, or pricing changes upon any renewals of Biote-certified practitioner or Biote-partnered clinic agreements; 

changes in our pricing policies or those of our competitors; 

the timing and success of new offerings by us or our competitors or any other change in the competitive dynamics of our industry, including consolidation among competitors, practitioners, clinics or outsourcing facilities; 

extraordinary expenses such as litigation or other dispute-related expenses or settlement payments; 

sales tax and other tax determinations by authorities in the jurisdictions in which we conduct business; 

the impact of new accounting pronouncements and the adoption thereof; 

fluctuations in stock-based compensation expenses; 

expenses in connection with mergers, acquisitions or other strategic transactions; 

changes in regulatory and licensing requirements; 

the amount and timing of expenses related to our expansion to markets outside the United States; and 

the timing of expenses related to the development or acquisition of technologies or businesses and potential future charges for impairment of goodwill or intangibles from acquired companies. 

Further, in future periods, our revenue growth could slow or our revenues could decline for a number of reasons, including slowing demand for either the Biote Method or our Biote-branded dietary supplements, increasing competition, a decrease in the growth of our overall market, or our failure, for any reason, to continue to capitalize on growth opportunities. In addition, our growth rate may slow in the future as our market penetration rates increase. As a result, our revenues, operating results and cash flows may fluctuate significantly on a quarterly basis and revenue growth rates may not be sustainable and may decline in the future, and we may not be able to achieve or sustain profitability in future periods, which could harm our business and cause the market price of our Class A common stock to decline. 
 If we are unable to attract and retain executive officers, key employees and other qualified personnel, or are unable to attract and retain contracts with Biote-certified practitioners, our ability to compete could be harmed. 
 Our success depends on our ability to attract and retain our executive officers, key employees and other qualified personnel, and as a relatively small company with key talent residing in a limited number of employees, our operations and prospects may be severely disrupted if we lost any one or more of their services. As we build our brand, expand into new domestic and international territories and become more well known, there is increased risk that competitors or other companies will seek to hire our personnel. While some 
 30 
 
 of our employees are bound by non-competition agreements, these may prove to be unenforceable. The failure to attract, integrate, train, motivate and retain these personnel could seriously harm our business and prospects. 
 In addition, we are highly dependent on the services of several of our executive officers and other senior technical and management personnel, including Teresa S. Weber, our Chief Executive Officer, Marc D. Beer, our Executive Chairman, Samar Kamdar, our Chief Financial Officer, Dr. Ross McQuivey, our Chief Medical Officer, Mary Elizabeth Conlon, our Vice President, Business Development General Counsel, and Cary Paulette, our Chief Revenue Officer, who would be difficult to replace. If these or other key personnel were to depart, we may not be able to successfully attract and retain senior leadership necessary to grow our business. We do not maintain key person life insurance with respect to any member of management or other employee. 
 Further, our success depends in part upon our ability to attract, train and retain contracts with practitioners and clinics. We have invested substantial time and resources in building our base of Biote-certified practitioners and Biote-partnered clinics. If we are unable to attract and retain contracts with practitioners and clinics capable of meeting our business needs and expectations, our business and brand image may be impaired. Any failure to grow our practitioner base of Biote-certified practitioners or any material increase in turnover rates of our Biote-certified practitioners may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 The healthcare industry is highly regulated, and government authorities may determine that we have failed to comply with applicable laws, rules or regulations. 
 The healthcare industry, including the healthcare and other services that we and Biote-certified practitioners provide, are subject to extensive and complex federal, state and local laws, rules and regulations, compliance with which imposes substantial costs on us. Of particular importance are the provisions summarized as follows: 
 federal laws (including the False Claims Act, 31 U.S.C. 3729 (the False Claims Act )) that prohibit entities and individuals from intentionally (or with reckless disregard or deliberate ignorance) presenting or causing to be presented false or fraudulent claims to government-funded programs, or improperly retaining known overpayments; 

a provision of the Social Security Act of 1935, as amended, commonly referred to as the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, as amended (the federal Anti-Kickback Statute ), that prohibits the knowing and willful offer, payment, solicitation or receipt of any bribe, kickback, rebate or other remuneration, in cash or in kind, in return for the referral or recommendation of patients for, or for the purchasing, leasing, ordering or arranging for, items and services for which payment may be made, in whole or in part, by federal healthcare programs; 

similar state law provisions pertaining to anti-kickback, fee splitting, self-referral and false claims, and other fraud and abuse issues which typically are not limited to relationships involving government-funded programs. In some cases these laws prohibit or regulate additional conduct beyond what federal law affects, including applicability to items and services paid by commercial insurers and private pay patients. Penalties for violating these laws can range from fines to criminal sanctions; 

provisions of 18 U.S.C. 1347 that prohibit knowingly and willfully executing a scheme or artifice to defraud a healthcare benefit program or falsifying, concealing or covering up a material fact or making any materially false, fictitious or fraudulent statement in connection with the delivery of or payment for healthcare benefits, items or services; 

FDA marketing and promotion restrictions, as well as several other types of state and federal healthcare fraud and abuse laws have been applied in recent years to restrict certain marketing practices in the healthcare industry; 

federal and state laws related to confidentiality, privacy and security of personal information such as HIPAA, including protected health information PHI ), that limit the manner in which we may use and disclose that information, impose obligations to safeguard that information and require that we notify our customers in the event of a breach; and 

state laws that prohibit general business corporations from practicing medicine, controlling physicians medical decisions or engaging in certain practices, such as splitting fees with physicians. 

We plan to expand our operations to new markets outside the United States, creating a variety of operational challenges. 
 Although we currently work with numerous clinics that are multi-national in scope, our current business is primarily focused on clinics and practitioners in the United States. A component of our growth strategy involves expanding our operations outside the United States, including expansion into Puerto Rico, Argentina, Brazil, Colombia, Mexico, Canada and the Dominican Republic, as permitted by law. We may face difficulties as we expand our operations into new domestic and international markets in which we have limited or no prior operating experience. 
 Our growth strategy for expanding our operations outside the United States will require significant resources and management attention and will subject us to regulatory, economic and political risks that are different from those in the United States, including: 
 the need to localize and adapt our platform for specific countries, including translation into foreign languages and obtaining local regulatory and legal guidance with associated expenses; 

31 
 
 data privacy laws that require customer data to be stored and processed in a designated territory; 

difficulties in staffing and managing international operations and working with international partners; 

different pricing environments, longer sales cycles and longer accounts receivable payment cycles and collections issues; 

new and different sources of competition; 

weaker protection for intellectual property and other legal rights than in the United States and practical difficulties in enforcing intellectual property and other rights outside of the United States; 

laws and business practices favoring local competitors; 

compliance challenges related to the complexity of multiple, conflicting and changing governmental laws and regulations, including employment, tax, privacy and data protection laws and regulations; 

increased financial accounting and reporting burdens and complexities; 

restrictions on the transfer of funds; 

fluctuations in currency exchange rates, which could increase the price of the products that we recommend as part of our training and of our Biote-branded dietary supplements outside of the United States, increase the expenses of our international operations and expose us to international currency exchange rate risk; 

adverse tax consequences; and 

unstable regional and economic political conditions. 

In addition, due to potential costs from any international expansion efforts and potentially higher supplier costs outside of the United States, our international operations may operate with a lower margin profile. As a result, our margins may fluctuate as we expand our operations internationally. 
 As we move to expand our business into Central and South America, our success will depend, in large part, on our ability to identify and work with international distributors. If our international distributors are unable to expand our business or are unable to provide an adequate training program, our business could be harmed. Our failure to manage any of these risks successfully, or to comply with these laws and regulations, could harm our operations, reduce our sales and harm our business, operating results and financial condition. For example, in certain countries, particularly those with developing economies, certain business practices that are prohibited by laws and regulations applicable to us, such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, may be more commonplace. Although we have policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with these laws and regulations, our employees, contractors and agents, as well as partners involved in our international sales, may take actions in violation of our policies. Any such violation could have an adverse effect on our business and reputation. 
 Some of the outsourcing facilities we work with also have international operations and are subject to the risks described above. Even if we are able to successfully manage the risks of international operations, our business may be adversely affected if these facilities are not able to successfully manage these risks. 
 We may not be able to achieve or maintain satisfactory pricing and margins for our training and the Biote Method or the Biote-branded dietary supplements we sell. 
 Companies in our industry have a history of price competition, and we can give no assurance that we will be able to achieve satisfactory prices for the Biote Method, or our Biote-branded dietary supplements, or maintain prices at the levels we have historically achieved. If we are forced to lower the price we charge for the Biote Method or our Biote-branded dietary supplements, our revenue and gross margins will decrease, which will adversely affect our ability to invest in and grow our business. If we are unable to maintain our prices, or if our costs increase and we are unable to offset such increase with an increase in our prices, our margins could erode. We will continue to be subject to significant pricing pressure, which could materially and adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Unforeseen and unpredictable factors affecting the operations of the FDA, U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration (the DEA and other government agencies, such as changes in funding for the FDA, DEA and other government agencies, could hinder their ability to hire and retain key leadership and other personnel, or otherwise delay inspections of the 503B outsourcing facilities of our third-party dietary supplement contract manufacturers, which could negatively impact practitioners and our business. 
 The ability of the FDA, the DEA and other governmental agencies to conduct their regulatory duties and activities, including reviewing and approving future products, can be affected by a variety of factors, including government budget and funding levels, ability to hire and retain key personnel and accept the payment of user fees, and statutory, regulatory, and policy changes. Average review and response times at the agency have fluctuated in recent years as a result. In addition, government funding of other government agencies that fund research and development activities is subject to the political process, which is inherently fluid and unpredictable. 
 32 
 
 Since March 2020, when international and domestic inspections were largely placed on hold, the FDA has been working to resume routine surveillance and inspections on a prioritized basis and may experience delays in their regulatory activities. The FDA has developed a rating system to assist in determining when and where it is safest to conduct prioritized domestic inspections and resumed inspections in China and India in 2021. Regulatory authorities outside the United States may adopt similar restrictions or other policy measures in response to public health crises. If a prolonged government shutdown occurs, or if global health concerns continue to prevent the FDA or comparable international regulatory authorities from conducting their regular inspections, reviews, or other regulatory activities, it could significantly impact the ability of the FDA or comparable international regulatory authorities to timely inspect the facilities of our third-party suppliers, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 The size of the markets for our current and future offerings has not been established with precision and may be smaller than we estimate. 
 Biote-certified practitioners primarily focus their treatments on women experiencing symptoms due to hormonal imbalance before, during, and after menopause, and men experiencing symptoms of hypogonadism and male sex hormone deficiency. It is estimated that, as of 2020, the total U.S. market opportunity for HRT products, available in various forms, exceeds 7 billion and is expected to grow 7 annually through 2026. We believe our business opportunity in providing educational and practice management services is large and will similarly grow. Our estimates of our total addressable markets for our current offerings and those under development are based on a number of internal and third-party estimates, including, without limitation, the number of practitioners we can offer our training and Biote-branded dietary supplements to and the assumed prices at which we can sell offerings in markets that have not been established or that we have not yet entered. While we believe our assumptions and the data underlying our estimates are reasonable, these assumptions and estimates may not be correct and the conditions supporting our assumptions or estimates may change at any time, thereby reducing the predictive accuracy of these estimates. As a result, our estimates of the total addressable market for our current or future offerings may prove to be incorrect. If the actual number of a Biote-certified practitioner s or Biote-partnered clinic s patients who would benefit from the Biote Method or our Biote-branded dietary supplements, the price at which we can sell training and Biote-branded dietary supplements, or the total addressable market for the Biote Method or our Biote-branded dietary supplements is smaller than we have estimated, it may impair our sales growth and have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our forecasted operating and financial results rely upon assumptions and analyses developed by us. If these assumptions and analyses prove to be incorrect, our actual operating and financial results may be significantly below our forecasts. 
 Whether actual operating and financial results and business developments will be consistent with our expectations, assumptions and analyses as reflected in our forecasted operating and financial results depends on a number of factors, many of which are outside of our control, including, but not limited to: 
 whether we can obtain sufficient capital to grow our business; 

our ability to manage our growth; 

whether we can manage relationships with 503B outsourcing facilities and dietary supplement contract manufacturers, and other key suppliers; 

demand for the Biote Method and our Biote-branded dietary supplements; 

the timing and costs of new and existing marketing and promotional efforts; 

competition, including from established and future competitors; 

our ability to retain existing key management, to integrate recent hires and to attract, retain and motivate qualified personnel; 

the overall strength and stability of the economies in the markets in which we operate or intend to operate in the future; and 

regulatory, legislative and political changes. 

Unfavorable changes in any of these or other factors, most of which are beyond our control, could materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 If our estimates or judgments relating to our critical accounting policies prove to be incorrect, our results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. The results of these estimates form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets, liabilities and equity, and the amount of revenue and expenses. 
 33 
 
 Our significant accounting policies are described in Note 2 to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report. We believe that the accounting policies described reflect our most critical accounting policies and estimates (including with respect to revenue recognition and the valuation of inventory), which represent those that involve a significant degree of judgment and complexity. Accordingly, we believe these policies are critical in fully understanding and evaluating our reported financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our results of operations may be adversely affected if our assumptions change or if actual circumstances differ from those in our assumptions, which could cause our results of operations to fall below the expectations of securities analysts and investors, resulting in a decline in the market price of our Class A common stock. 
 Off-label promotion may result in civil and criminal fines and other penalties, as well as product liability suits, which could be costly to our business. 
 Biote does not manufacture or distribute any drug products. Nevertheless, if the FDA determines that our practitioner training, including our paid consultants educational materials, constitutes off-label drug promotion, it could subject us or our business partners to enforcement action, including warning letters, untitled letters, fines and penalties, including criminal fines and/or prosecution. If we are found to have inappropriately marketed or promoted any drugs, we may become subject to significant liability. The federal government has levied large civil and criminal fines and/or other penalties against companies for alleged improper promotion and has investigated, prosecuted and/or enjoined several companies from engaging in off-label promotion. If we become subject to civil or criminal fines or other penalties, or product liability suits, such fines, penalties or lawsuits could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Certain direct and indirect subsidiaries of Biote entered into that certain credit agreement which contains affirmative, negative and financial covenants that may limit its flexibility in operating its businesses. 
 On May 26, 2022, certain direct and indirect subsidiaries of Biote entered into that certain Credit Agreement (the Credit Agreement with BioTE Medical, LLC (the BioTE Medical as borrower, and Truist Bank, as administrative agent, in connection with the Closing of the Business Combination. The Credit Agreement provides to borrower a 125.0 million five-year senior secured term loan A facility (the Term Loan and a 50.0 million revolving line of credit. The proceeds of the Credit Agreement have been used to repay existing debt, pay fees and expenses in connection with the Business Combination, and for general corporate purposes. The Credit Agreement contains affirmative, negative and financial covenants that could limit the manner in which Biote conducts its business, and Biote may be unable to expand or fully pursue its business strategies, engage in favorable business activities, or finance future operations or capital needs. Biote s ability to comply with the covenants under the Credit Agreement may be affected by events beyond its control, and it may not be able to comply with those covenants. A breach of any of the covenants contained in the Credit Agreement could result in a default under the Credit Agreement, which could cause all of the outstanding indebtedness under the facility to become immediately due and payable. If Biote is unable to generate sufficient cash to repay its debt obligations under the Credit Agreement when they become due and payable, either as such obligations become due, when they mature, or in the event of a default, Biote may not be able to obtain additional debt or equity financing on favorable terms, if at all, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Further, borrowings under the Credit Agreement are at variable rates of interest and expose us to interest rate risk. In recent months, global inflation and other factors have resulted in an increase in interest rates generally, which has impacted our borrowing costs. If interest rates were to continue to increase, our debt service obligations on the variable rate indebtedness referred to above would increase even if the principal amount borrowed remained the same, and our net income and cash flows will correspondingly decrease. 
 Product liability lawsuits against us could cause us to incur substantial liabilities and to limit commercialization of any products that we offer or may develop. 
 We face an inherent risk of product liability exposure. If we cannot successfully defend ourselves against claims that the products that we recommend as part of our training or our Biote-branded dietary supplements caused injuries, we will incur substantial liabilities. Regardless of merit or eventual outcome, liability claims may result in: 
 decreased demand for the Biote Method and our Biote-branded dietary supplements; 

decreased demand for any new methods, training, or products that we may develop; 

injury to our reputation and significant negative media attention; 

significant costs to defend the related litigation, including the risk that any Biote-certified practitioners who may face such related litigation may in turn seek to recover from us; 

substantial monetary awards paid to patients; 

loss of revenue; 

exhaustion of any available insurance and our capital resources; 

34 
 
 reduced resources for our management to pursue our business strategy; and 

the inability to commercialize any methods, training, or products that we may develop. 

Although we maintain product liability insurance coverage, such insurance may not be adequate to cover all liabilities that we may incur and we may need to increase our insurance coverage. Insurance coverage is increasingly expensive. We may not be able to maintain insurance coverage at a reasonable cost or in an amount adequate to satisfy any liability that may arise. 
 Further, a Biote-certified practitioner s failure to follow our training and the Biote Method, or accepted medical practices in any stage of treatment may result in lawsuits against us. 
 If we experience significant disruptions in our information technology systems, our business may be adversely affected. 
 We depend on our information technology systems for the efficient functioning of our business, including to support Biote Method, our end-to-end platform to enable Biote-certified practitioners to establish, build, and successfully operate a Biote-partnered clinic for optimizing hormone levels in their specific aging patient population, the distribution and maintenance of our Biote-branded dietary supplements, as well as for accounting, data storage, compliance, purchasing and inventory management. Our information technology systems may be subject to computer viruses, ransomware or other malware, attacks by computer hackers, failures during the process of upgrading or replacing software, databases or components thereof, power outages, damage or interruption from fires or other natural disasters, hardware failures, telecommunication failures and user errors, among other malfunctions. We could be subject to any number of unintentional events that could involve a third-party gaining unauthorized access to our systems, which could disrupt our operations, corrupt our data or result in release of our confidential information. Technological interruptions could disrupt our operations, including our ability to project inventory requirements, manage our supply chain and otherwise adequately service our Biote-partnered clinics and Biote-certified practitioners or disrupt their ability use the Biote Method and our Biote-branded dietary supplements for treatments. In the event we experience significant disruptions, we may be unable to repair our systems in an efficient and timely manner. Accordingly, such events may disrupt or reduce the efficiency of our entire operation and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. To the extent that any disruption or security breach were to result in a loss of, or damage to, our data or applications, or inappropriate disclosure of confidential or proprietary information, we could incur liability and the further development and commercialization of the Biote Method and our Biote-branded dietary supplements could be delayed or disrupted. 
 We are increasingly dependent on complex information technology to manage our infrastructure. Our information systems require an ongoing commitment of significant resources to maintain, protect and enhance our existing systems. Failure to maintain or protect our information systems and data integrity effectively could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We may engage in strategic transactions that could impact our liquidity, increase our expenses and present significant distractions to our management. 
 From time to time, we may consider strategic transactions, such as acquisitions of companies, asset purchases and out-licensing or in-licensing of intellectual property, products or technologies. Any future transactions could increase our near and long-term expenditures, result in potentially dilutive issuances of our securities, including our Class A common stock, or the incurrence of debt, contingent liabilities, amortization expenses or acquired in-process research and development expenses, any of which could affect our financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. Additional potential transactions that we may consider in the future include a variety of business arrangements, including spin-offs, strategic partnerships, joint ventures, restructurings, divestitures, business combinations and investments. Future acquisitions may also require us to obtain additional financing, which may not be available on favorable terms or at all. These transactions may never be successful and may require significant time and attention of management. In addition, the integration of any business that we may acquire in the future may disrupt our existing business and may be a complex, risky and costly endeavor for which we may never realize the full benefits of the acquisition. Accordingly, although we may not undertake or successfully complete any additional transactions of the nature described above, any additional transactions that we do complete could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
 Our insurance policies are expensive and only protect us from some business risks, which will leave us exposed to significant uninsured liabilities. 
 We carry business interruption coverage to mitigate certain potential losses, but this insurance is limited in amount and may not be sufficient in type or amount to cover us against claims related to our operations. We cannot be certain that such potential losses will not exceed our policy limits, insurance will continue to be available to us on economically reasonable terms, or at all, or any insurer will not deny coverage as to any future claim. In addition, we may be subject to changes in our insurance policies, including premium increases or the imposition of large deductible or co-insurance requirements. 
 Further, we do not carry insurance for all categories of risk that our business may encounter. Some of the policies we currently maintain include products and completed operations liability, business personal property and directors and officers insurance. We do not know, however, if we will be able to maintain insurance with adequate levels of coverage. Any significant uninsured liability may 
 35 
 
 require us to pay substantial amounts, which would materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our employees, independent contractors, consultants, Biote-certified practitioners, Biote-partnered clinics, medical advisors and suppliers may engage in misconduct or other improper activities, including non-compliance with professional and regulatory standards and requirements, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 We are exposed to the risk that our employees, independent contractors, consultants, Biote-certified practitioners, Biote-partnered clinics, medical advisors and suppliers may engage in misconduct or other improper activities. Misconduct by these parties could include intentional, reckless and/or negligent conduct or disclosure of unauthorized activities to us that violates: (i) FDA laws and regulations or those of comparable international regulatory authorities, including those laws that require the reporting of true, complete and accurate information to the FDA, (ii) compounding and manufacturing standards, (iii) federal and state data privacy, security, fraud and abuse and other healthcare laws and regulations established and enforced by comparable international regulatory authorities, or (iv) laws that require the true, complete and accurate reporting of financial information or data. It is not always possible to identify and deter misconduct by employees and third parties, and the precautions we take to detect and prevent this activity may not be effective in controlling unknown or unmanaged risks or losses or in protecting us from governmental investigations or other actions or lawsuits stemming from a failure to be in compliance with such laws or regulations. Additionally, we are subject to the risk that a person or government could allege such fraud or other misconduct, even if none occurred. If any such actions are instituted against us, and we are not successful in defending ourselves or asserting our rights, those actions could have a significant impact on our business and results of operations, including the imposition of significant fines or other sanctions. 
 Extreme weather conditions, natural disasters, and other catastrophic events, including those caused by climate change, could negatively impact our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Extreme weather conditions and volatile changes in weather conditions in the areas in which our offices, suppliers, Biote-partnered clinics, dietary supplement third-party manufacturers, and suppliers are located could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Moreover, natural disasters such as earthquakes, hurricanes, tsunamis, floods, monsoons or wildfires, public health crises, such as pandemics and epidemics (including, for example, the COVID-19 pandemic), political crises, such as terrorist attacks, war and other political instability, or other catastrophic events, whether occurring in the United States or abroad, and their related consequences and effects, including energy shortages, could disrupt our operations, the operations of our vendors and other suppliers or result in economic instability that could negatively impact practitioner or clinic spending, any or all of which would negatively impact our results of operations and financial condition. In particular, these types of events could impact our global supply chain, including the ability of manufacturers to produce our Biote-branded dietary supplement products to Biote-partnered clinics or Biote-certified practitioners from or to the impacted region(s). For instance, in 2022 we experienced hurricane-related closures of 140 medical clinics in Florida and Puerto Rico, two of our key markets. If such closures continue or we experience similar closures in the future, there could be a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Adverse developments affecting the financial services industry, such as actual events or concerns involving liquidity, defaults or non-performance by financial institutions could adversely affect our current financial condition and projected business operations. 
 Actual events involving limited liquidity, defaults, non-performance or other adverse developments that affect financial institutions, transactional counterparties or other companies in the financial services industry or the financial services industry generally, or concerns or rumors about any events of these kinds or other similar risks, have in the past and may in the future lead to market-wide liquidity problems. For example, on March 10, 2023, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC took control and was appointed receiver of Silicon Valley Bank. Similarly, on March 12, 2023, Signature Bank and Silvergate Capital Corp. were each swept into receivership. Although the FDIC announced that all deposits with these banks would be fully insured, there continues to be uncertainty in the markets regarding the stability of regional banks and the safety of deposits in excess of the FDIC insured deposit limits. If other banks and financial institutions enter receivership or become insolvent in the future in response to financial conditions affecting the banking system and financial markets, our ability to access our existing cash may be threatened. The FDIC only insures accounts in amounts up to 250,000 per depositor per insured bank, and we currently have cash deposited in certain financial institutions significantly in excess of FDIC insured levels. If any of the banking institutions in which we have deposited funds ultimately fails, we may lose our deposits over 250,000. The loss of our deposits may have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. The ultimate outcome of these events cannot be predicted, but these events could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 Market and economic conditions may negatively impact the Company s business, financial condition and stock price. 
 Concerns over inflation, energy costs, geopolitical issues, including the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine, unstable global credit markets and financial conditions, and volatile oil prices could lead to periods of significant economic instability, diminished liquidity and credit availability, declines in consumer confidence and discretionary spending, diminished expectations for the global economy and expectations of slower global economic growth going forward. For example, in December 2022, the U.S. Consumer Price Index (CPI), which measures a wide-ranging basket of goods and services, rose 6.5 from the same month a year ago. The Company s general business strategy may be adversely affected by any such inflationary fluctuations, economic downturns, volatile business environments and continued unstable or unpredictable economic and market conditions. Additionally, rising costs of 
 36 
 
 goods and services purchased by the Company, including its raw materials used in manufacturing its product, may have an adverse effect on the Company s gross margins and profitability in future periods. Increased inflation rates can adversely affect us by increasing our costs, including labor and employee benefit costs. Any significant increases in inflation and related increase in interest rates could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. If economic and market conditions continue to deteriorate or do not improve, it may make any necessary debt or equity financing more difficult to complete, more costly and more dilutive to the Company s stockholders. Failure to secure any necessary financing in a timely manner or on favorable terms could have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial performance and stock price or could require the Company to delay or abandon development other business plans. In addition, there is a risk that one or more of the Company s current and future service providers, manufacturers, suppliers, and other facilities, and other partners could be negatively affected by such difficult economic factors, which could adversely affect the Company s ability to attain its operating goals on schedule and on budget or meet its business and financial objectives. 
 Risks Related to Intellectual Property 
 If we are unable to obtain and maintain patent protection for any products or methods we develop, or if the scope of the patent protection obtained is not sufficiently broad, our competitors could develop and commercialize products similar or identical to our Biote-branded dietary supplements, and our ability to successfully commercialize any products we may develop may be adversely affected. If we are not able to maintain freedom to operate for our products from third-party intellectual property rights, our ability to commercialize products may be limited unless we secure a license to such rights. 
 Our success depends in part on our ability to obtain and maintain patent and other intellectual property protection in the United States and other countries with respect to our Biote-branded dietary supplements. 
 We rely on a combination of contractual provisions, confidentiality procedures and copyright, trademark, trade secret and other intellectual property rights to protect the proprietary aspects of our brands, technologies, and data. These legal measures afford only limited protection, and competitors or others may gain access to or use our intellectual property and proprietary information. Our success will depend, in part, on preserving our trade secrets, maintaining the security of our data and know-how, obtaining and maintaining patents and obtaining other intellectual property rights. 
 We may not be able to obtain and maintain intellectual property or other proprietary rights necessary to our business or in a form that provides us with a competitive advantage. For example, our trade secrets, data and know-how could be subject to unauthorized use, misappropriation or disclosure to unauthorized parties, despite our efforts to enter into confidentiality agreements with our employees, consultants, contractors, clients and other vendors who have access to such information and could otherwise become known or be independently discovered by third parties. In addition, the patent prosecution process is expensive, time-consuming and complex, and we may not be able to file, prosecute, maintain, enforce or license all necessary or desirable patent applications at a reasonable cost, in a timely manner, or in all jurisdictions where protection may be commercially advantageous, or we may not be able to protect our intellectual property at all. Despite our efforts to protect our intellectual property, unauthorized parties may be able to obtain and use information that we regard as proprietary. It is also possible that we will fail to identify patentable aspects of our research and development output in time to obtain patent protection. Although we enter into non-disclosure and confidentiality agreements with parties who have access to confidential or patentable aspects of our research and development output, such as our employees, consultants, contractors, collaborators, Biote-certified practitioners, Biote-partnered clinics, vendors and other third parties, any of these parties may breach the agreements and disclose such output before a patent application is filed, thereby jeopardizing our ability to seek patent protection. 
 Our other intellectual property, including our trademarks, could also be challenged, invalidated, infringed and circumvented by third parties, and our trademarks could also be diluted, declared generic or found to be infringing on other marks, in which case we could be forced to re-brand our Biote-branded dietary supplements, resulting in loss of brand recognition and requiring us to devote resources to advertising and marketing new brands, and suffer other competitive harm. Third parties may also adopt trademarks similar to ours, which could harm our brand identity and lead to market confusion. 
 We may in the future also be subject to claims by our former employees, consultants or contractors asserting an ownership right in our patents or patent applications, as a result of the work they performed on our behalf. Although we generally require all of our employees, consultants, contractors and any other collaborators who have access to our proprietary know-how, information or technology to assign or grant similar rights to their inventions to us, we cannot be certain that we have executed such agreements with all parties who may have contributed to our intellectual property, nor can we be certain that our agreements with such parties will be upheld in the face of a potential challenge, or that they will not be breached, for which we may not have an adequate remedy. 
 Failure to obtain and maintain patents, trademarks and other intellectual property rights necessary to our business and failure to protect, monitor and control the use of our intellectual property rights could negatively impact our ability to compete and cause us to incur significant expenses. The intellectual property laws and other statutory and contractual arrangements in the United States and other jurisdictions we depend upon may not provide sufficient protection in the future to prevent the infringement, use, violation or misappropriation of our patents, trademarks, data, technology and other intellectual property, and may not provide an adequate remedy if our intellectual property rights are infringed, misappropriated or otherwise violated. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, business, financial conditions, results of operations and prospects. 
 37 
 
 We may become a party to intellectual property litigation or administrative proceedings that could be costly and could interfere with our ability to sell and market the Biote Method and our Biote-branded dietary supplements. 
 Our industry has been characterized by extensive litigation regarding patents, trademarks, trade secrets and other intellectual property rights, and companies in the industry have used intellectual property litigation to gain a competitive advantage. It is possible that we may be accused of misappropriating third parties trade secrets. Additionally, our Biote-branded dietary supplements are produced by third-party vendors and may include components that are outside of our direct control. Our competitors may have applied for or obtained, or may in the future apply for or obtain, patents or trademarks that will prevent, limit or otherwise interfere with our ability to use and sell the Biote Method, or use, sell and/or export our Biote-branded dietary supplements, or our ability to use product names. Moreover, in recent years, individuals and groups that are non-practicing entities, commonly referred to as patent trolls, have purchased patents and other intellectual property assets for the purpose of making claims of infringement in order to extract settlements. From time to time, we may receive threatening letters, notices or invitations to license, or may be the subject of claims that the Biote Method, our Biote-branded dietary supplements and business operations infringe or violate the intellectual property rights of others. The defense of these matters can be time consuming, costly to defend in litigation, divert management s attention and resources, damage our reputation and brand and cause us to incur significant expenses or make substantial payments. Vendors from whom we purchase products may not indemnify us in the event that such products accused of infringing a third-party s patent or trademark or of misappropriating a third-party s trade secret, or any indemnification granted by such vendors may not be sufficient to address any liability and costs we incur as a result of such claims. Additionally, we may be obligated to indemnify Biote-partnered clinics, Biote-certified practitioners or business partners in connection with litigation and to obtain licenses, which could further exhaust our resources. 
 Even if we believe a third-party s intellectual property claims are without merit, there is no assurance that a court would find in our favor, including on questions of infringement, validity, enforceability or priority of patents. The strength of our defenses will depend on the patents asserted, the interpretation of these patents, and our ability to invalidate the asserted patents. A court of competent jurisdiction could hold that these third-party patents are valid, enforceable and infringed, which could materially and adversely affect our ability to commercialize any products or technology we may develop and any other products or technologies covered by the asserted third-party patents. In order to successfully challenge the validity of any such U.S. patent in federal court, we would need to overcome a presumption of validity. As this burden is a high one requiring us to present clear and convincing evidence as to the invalidity of any such U.S. patent claim, there is no assurance that a court of competent jurisdiction would invalidate the claims of any such U.S. patent. Conversely, the patent owner need only prove infringement by a preponderance of the evidence, which is a lower burden of proof. 
 Further, if patents, trademarks or trade secrets are successfully asserted against us, this may harm our business and result in injunctions preventing us from selling the Biote Method and our Biote-branded dietary supplements, or result in obligations to pay license fees, damages, attorney fees and court costs, which could be significant. In addition, if we are found to willfully infringe third-party patents or trademarks or to have misappropriated trade secrets, we could be required to pay treble damages in addition to other penalties. 
 Although patent, trademark, trade secret and other intellectual property disputes have often been settled through licensing or similar arrangements, costs associated with such arrangements may be substantial and could include ongoing royalties. We may be unable to obtain necessary licenses, if any, on satisfactory terms, if at all. In addition, if any license we obtain is non-exclusive, we may not be able to prevent our competitors and other third parties from using the intellectual property or technology covered by such license to compete with us. Any of these events could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Similarly, interference or derivation proceedings provoked by third parties or brought by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office (the USPTO ), may be necessary to determine priority with respect to our patents, patent applications, trademarks or trademark applications. We may also become involved in other proceedings, such as reexamination, inter partes review, derivation or opposition proceedings before the USPTO or other jurisdictional body relating to our intellectual property rights or the intellectual property rights of others. Adverse determinations in a judicial or administrative proceeding or failure to obtain necessary licenses could prevent third-party suppliers from manufacturing our Biote-branded dietary supplements, which would have a significant adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Additionally, we have filed and may in the future file lawsuits or initiate other proceedings to protect or enforce our intellectual property rights, which could be expensive, time consuming and unsuccessful. We are currently party to two open litigation matters involving terminated practices and practitioners who we filed suit against to enforce post-termination contractual obligations where the defendants offered a competing hormone pellet therapy within the contractual two-year restrictive period without paying our requisite buy-out or residual benefit fee. 
 Competitors may infringe our issued patents or other intellectual property, which we may not always be able to detect. To counter infringement or unauthorized use, we may be required to file infringement claims, which can be expensive and time-consuming. Any claims we assert against perceived infringers could provoke these parties to assert counterclaims against us alleging that we infringe their intellectual property or alleging that our intellectual property is invalid or unenforceable. Grounds for a validity 
 38 
 
 challenge could be an alleged failure to meet any of several statutory requirements, including lack of novelty, obviousness or non-enablement. Grounds for an unenforceability assertion could be an allegation that someone connected with prosecution of the patent withheld relevant information from the USPTO, or made a misleading statement, during prosecution. Third parties may raise challenges to the validity of certain of our owned patent claims before administrative bodies in the United States or abroad, even outside the context of litigation. Such mechanisms include re-examination, post-grant review, inter partes review, interference proceedings, derivation proceedings and equivalent proceedings in international jurisdictions (e.g., opposition proceedings). In any such lawsuit or other proceedings, a court or other administrative body may decide that a patent of ours is invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in part, construe the patent s claims narrowly or refuse to stop the other party from using the technology at issue on the grounds that our patents do not cover the technology in question. 
 The outcome following legal assertions of invalidity and unenforceability is unpredictable. If a third-party were to prevail on a legal assertion of invalidity or unenforceability, we would lose at least part, and perhaps all, of the protection on products that we may develop. If our patents are found to be valid and infringed, a court may refuse to grant injunctive relief against the infringer and instead grant us monetary damages and/or ongoing royalties. Such monetary compensation may be insufficient to adequately offset the damage to our business caused by the infringer s competition in the market. An adverse result in any litigation or other proceeding could put one or more of our patents at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly. Any of these events could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Even if resolved in our favor, litigation or other proceedings relating to intellectual property claims may cause us to incur significant expenses and could distract our personnel from their normal responsibilities. In addition, there could be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions or other interim proceedings or developments, and if securities analysts or investors perceive these results to be negative, it could have a substantial adverse effect on the price of our Class A common stock. Such litigation or proceedings could substantially increase our operating losses and reduce the resources available for development activities or any future sales, marketing or distribution activities. We may not have sufficient financial or other resources to conduct such litigation or proceedings adequately. Furthermore, because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation, there is a risk that some of our confidential or sensitive information could be compromised by disclosure in the event of litigation. Uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation of patent and other intellectual property litigation or other proceedings could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 If we are unable to protect the confidentiality of our other proprietary information, our business and competitive position may be harmed. 
 In addition to patent protection, we also rely on other proprietary rights, including protection of trade secrets, and other proprietary information that is not patentable or that we elect not to patent. However, trade secrets can be difficult to protect and some courts are less willing or unwilling to protect trade secrets. To maintain the confidentiality of our trade secrets and proprietary information, we rely heavily on confidentiality provisions that we have in contracts with our employees, consultants, contractors, Biote-certified practitioners, collaborators and others upon the commencement of their relationship with us. We cannot guarantee that we have entered into such agreements with each party that may have or have had access to our trade secrets or proprietary technology and processes. We may not be able to prevent the unauthorized disclosure or use of our technical knowledge or other trade secrets by such third parties, despite the existence generally of these confidentiality restrictions. These contracts may not provide meaningful protection for our trade secrets, know-how or other proprietary information in the event of any unauthorized use, misappropriation or disclosure of such trade secrets, know-how or other proprietary information. There can be no assurance that such third parties will not breach their agreements with us, that we will have adequate remedies for any breach, or that our trade secrets will not otherwise become known or independently developed by competitors. Despite the protections we do place on our intellectual property or other proprietary rights, monitoring unauthorized use and disclosure of our intellectual property is difficult, and we do not know whether the steps we have taken to protect our intellectual property or other proprietary rights will be adequate. Enforcing a claim that a party illegally disclosed or misappropriated a trade secret is difficult, expensive and time-consuming, and the outcome is unpredictable. The laws of many countries will not protect our intellectual property or other proprietary rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. Consequently, we may be unable to prevent our proprietary technology from being exploited in the United States and abroad, which could affect our ability to expand in domestic and international markets or require costly efforts to protect our technology. 
 To the extent our intellectual property or other proprietary information protection is incomplete, we are exposed to a greater risk of direct competition. A third-party could, without authorization, copy or otherwise obtain and use our Biote-branded dietary supplements, technology, or develop similar technology. Our competitors could purchase our Biote-branded dietary supplements and attempt to replicate some or all of the competitive advantages we derive from our development efforts or design around our protected technology. Our failure to secure, protect and enforce our intellectual property rights could substantially harm the value of our Biote-branded dietary supplements, as well as the value of our brand and business. The theft or unauthorized use or publication of our trade secrets and other confidential business information could reduce the differentiation of our Biote-branded dietary supplements and harm our business, the value of our investment in development or business acquisitions could be reduced and third parties might make claims against us related to losses of their confidential or proprietary information. 
 39 
 
 Further, it is possible that others will independently develop the same or similar technology or otherwise obtain access to our unpatented technology, and in such cases, we could not assert any trade secret rights against such parties. Costly and time-consuming litigation could be necessary to enforce and determine the scope of our trade secret rights and related confidentiality and non-disclosure provisions. If we fail to obtain or maintain trade secret protection, or if our competitors obtain our trade secrets or independently develop technology similar to ours or competing technologies, our competitive market position could be materially and adversely affected. In addition, some courts are less willing or unwilling to protect trade secrets, and agreement terms that address non-competition are difficult to enforce in many jurisdictions and might not be enforceable in certain cases. 
 We also seek to preserve the integrity and confidentiality of our data and other confidential information by maintaining physical security of our premises and physical and electronic security of our information technology systems. While we have confidence in these individuals, organizations and systems, agreements or security measures may be breached and detecting the disclosure or misappropriation of confidential information and enforcing a claim that a party illegally disclosed or misappropriated confidential information is difficult, expensive and time-consuming, and the outcome is unpredictable. Further, we may not be able to obtain adequate remedies for any breach. Any of the foregoing could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We may be subject to claims that we or our employees, consultants or contractors have wrongfully used, disclosed or otherwise misappropriated the intellectual property of a third-party, including trade secrets or know-how, or are in breach of non-competition or non-solicitation agreements with our competitors or claims asserting an ownership interest in intellectual property we regard as our own. 
 Many of our employees, consultants and contractors were previously employed at or engaged by other medical device, biotechnology or pharmaceutical companies, including our competitors or potential competitors. Some of these employees, consultants and contractors may have executed proprietary rights, non-disclosure and non-competition agreements in connection with such previous employment. Although we try to ensure that our employees, consultants and contractors do not use the intellectual property, proprietary information, know-how or trade secrets of others in their work for us, we may be subject to claims that we or these individuals have, inadvertently or otherwise, used, disclosed or otherwise misappropriated intellectual property, including trade secrets or other proprietary information, of their former employers or our competitors or potential competitors. Additionally, we may be subject to claims from third parties challenging our ownership interest in intellectual property we regard as our own, based on claims that our employees, consultants or contractors have breached an obligation to assign inventions to another employer, to a former employer, or to another person or entity. 
 Litigation may be necessary to defend against such claims, and it may be necessary or we may desire to enter into a license to settle any such claim; however, there can be no assurance that we would be able to obtain a license on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. If our defense to those claims fails, in addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights or personnel. For example, a court could prohibit us from using technologies or features that are essential to the Biote Method or our Biote-branded dietary supplements, if such technologies or features are found to incorporate or be derived from the trade secrets or other proprietary information of the former employer. Even if we are successful in defending against such claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to management. 
 An inability to incorporate technologies or features that are important or essential to the Biote Method and our Biote-branded dietary supplements could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations, and may prevent us from providing our training and selling our Biote-branded dietary supplements. Any litigation or the threat thereof may adversely affect our ability to hire employees or contract with independent sales representatives. A loss of key personnel or their work product could hamper or prevent our ability to commercialize the products that we recommend as part of our training and our Biote-branded dietary supplements, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We may be subject to claims challenging our intellectual property. 
 We or our licensors may be subject to claims that former consultants, contractors or other third parties have an interest in our trade secrets or other intellectual property as an inventor or co-inventor. While it is our policy to require our employees, consultants and contractors who may be involved in the conception or development of intellectual property to execute agreements assigning such intellectual property to us, we may be unsuccessful in executing such an agreement with each party who, in fact, conceives or develops intellectual property that we regard as our own. The assignment of intellectual property rights may not be self-executing, or the assignment agreements may be breached, and we may be forced to bring claims against third parties, or defend claims that they may bring against us, to determine the ownership of what we regard as our intellectual property. If we or our licensors fail in defending any such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights, such as exclusive ownership of, or right to use, intellectual property that is important to our Biote-branded dietary supplements. Any such events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 40 
 
 If our trademarks and trade names are not adequately protected, then we may not be able to build brand recognition in our markets and our business may be adversely affected. 
 We rely on trademarks, service marks, trade names and brand names to distinguish our training and Biote-branded dietary supplements from our competitors and have registered or applied to register these trademarks. Our registered or unregistered trademarks, service marks, trade names and brand names may be challenged, infringed, diluted, circumvented or declared generic or determined to be infringing on other marks. Additionally, we cannot assure you that our trademark applications will be approved. During trademark registration proceedings, we may receive rejections. Although we are given an opportunity to respond to those rejections, we may be unable to overcome such rejections. In addition, in proceedings before the USPTO and comparable agencies in many international jurisdictions, third parties are given an opportunity to oppose pending trademark applications and to seek to cancel registered trademarks. Opposition or cancellation proceedings may be filed against our trademarks, and our trademarks may not survive such proceedings. In the event that our trademarks are successfully challenged, we could be forced to rebrand our Biote-branded dietary supplements, which could result in loss of brand recognition and could require us to devote significant resources towards advertising and marketing new brands. At times, competitors may adopt trade names or trademarks similar to ours, thereby impeding our ability to build brand identity and possibly leading to market confusion. In some cases, we may need to litigate claims to enforce our rights in our marks to avoid market confusion. Certain of our current or future trademarks may become so well known by the public that their use becomes generic and they lose trademark protection. Over the long term, if we are unable to establish name recognition based on our trademarks and trade names, then we may not be able to compete effectively and our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. 
 Risks Related to Regulation 
 We market dietary supplements and convenience kits, which are regulated by the FDA, and are subject to certain requirements under the FDCA and the laws enforced by the FTC. Our failure to meet those requirements could cause us to cease certain of our business activities and may involve the payment of financial penalties. 
 We sell dietary supplements and convenience kits, which are regulated by the FDA. Each of these product categories have differing requirements that must be followed to ensure compliance with the FDCA and regulations promulgated thereunder, and failure to do so may result in the products being misbranded or adulterated. If we are found to have manufactured, distributed, sold, or labeled any products in violation of the FDCA, we may face significant penalties which may result in a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 The FTC enforces the Federal Trade Commission Act (the FTCA and related regulations, which governs the advertising associated with the promotion and sale of our Biote-branded dietary supplements to prevent misleading or deceptive claims. For advertisements relating to dietary supplements, the FTC typically requires all factual claims, both express and implied, to be substantiated by competent and reliable scientific evidence. The FTC has promulgated policies and guidance that apply to advertising for dietary supplements that may be costly to comply with. The FDA may also determine that a particular dietary supplement or ingredient that we may market presents an unacceptable health risk. If that occurs, we could be required to cease distribution of and/or recall Biote-branded dietary supplements containing that ingredient. 
 The FDA or FTC may also determine that certain labeling, advertising and promotional claims, statements or activities with respect to a dietary supplement are not in compliance with applicable laws and regulations and may determine that a particular statement is an unapproved health claim, a drug claim, a false or misleading claim, or a deceptive advertising claim. Any such determination or any other failure to comply with FDA, FTCA or other regulatory requirements could prevent us from marketing our Biote-branded dietary supplements as a dietary supplement and subject us to administrative, civil or criminal penalties. The FTC has instituted numerous enforcement actions against dietary supplement companies for making false or misleading advertising claims and for failing to adequately substantiate claims made in advertising. These enforcement actions have often resulted in warning letters, consent decrees and the payment of civil penalties and/or restitution by the companies involved. Should the FTC determine that our claims are false or misleading or unsubstantiated, we could be subject to FTC enforcement action and may face significant penalties which may result in a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 We have developed and market a method and training program where the practitioner may prescribe a compounded bioidentical hormone. Compounded drugs are regulated by the FDA and are subject to certain requirements under the FDCA. Failure of compounding entities to meet those requirements could cause us to cease certain of our business activities and may involve the payment of financial penalties. 
 While we do not sell compounded or prescription drugs, we have developed and market a method and training program where the practitioner may prescribe a compounded bioidentical hormone that is made by a third-party 503B outsourcing facility and requires compliance with the FDCA, and failure to do so may result in the products being misbranded or adulterated. Amendments to the FDCA in 2013 created Section 503B, which creates a category of compounding pharmacies known as outsourcing facilities which are subject to certain FDCA requirements, including the requirement to adhere to cGMP regulations, though it exempts such facilities from certain of the FDCA requirements that otherwise apply to drug manufacturers. Understanding and complying with these laws and regulations may require substantial time, money, and effort. While we have only established relationships with 503B outsourcing facilities to support practitioners, if we are found to have manufactured, distributed, marketed, sold, or labeled any 
 41 
 
 products in violation of the FDCA, we may face significant penalties which may result in a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Compounded preparations and the pharmacy compounding industry are subject to regulatory scrutiny, which may impair our growth and sales. 
 Formulations prepared and dispensed by compounding pharmacies are not approved by the FDA. As we are a medical marketing and training company, we do not manufacture or compound pharmaceutical products. However, we contract with FDA-registered 503B outsourcing facilities to build relationships to support Biote-certified practitioners by offering an option for the compounding of bioidentical hormone pellets that the practitioner may order to prescribe. These pellets, compounded by 503B outsourcing facilities, are not subject to the FDA new drug approval process. Certain compounding pharmacies have been the subject of widespread negative media coverage in recent years. 
 Additionally, the outsourcing facilities with which we have relationships must comply with applicable provision of the FDCA and its implementing regulations. They may only distribute compounded drugs either pursuant to a patient-specific prescription or in response to an order from a healthcare provider, such as a hospital, that is not for an identified individual patient (e.g., for office stock). Further, such outsourcing facilities are inspected by the FDA according to a risk-based schedule, and must meet certain other conditions, such as reporting adverse events and providing the FDA with certain information about the products they compound. When the FDA finds that a manufacturer has violated FDA regulations, the FDA may notify the manufacturer of such violations in the form of a warning letter. The FDA also will issue an FDA Form 483 at the conclusion of an inspection if an investigator has observed a violative condition relating to the manufacturing and storage conditions of any drug product that may result in the product being adulterated, or any other regulatory non-compliance such as inadequate reporting or record-keeping. The outsourcing facilities with which we have relationships have each received warning letters and FDA Form 483s from the FDA. If the FDA takes enforcement action against outsourcing facilities with which we have relationships, it may have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial conditions. 
 Additionally, state laws and regulations may differ from the FDCA. We and the 503B outsourcing facilities are required to comply with state laws and regulations in the states where we and they do business. Efforts to ensure compliance with these laws may require ongoing substantial cost. For example, some of the 503B outsourcing facilities with which we have relationships have received unfavorable enforcement actions from state regulators for non-compliance. Failure to comply with applicable state laws and regulations could expose us and these 503B outsourcing facilities to significant penalties which may harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 If a compounded drug formulation provided through a compounding pharmacy or an outsourcing facility leads to patient injury or death or results in a product recall, we may be exposed to significant liabilities and reputational harm. 
 We could be adversely affected if compounded pellets are subject to negative publicity. We could also be adversely affected if compounded pellets sold by any compounding outsourcing facilities, prove to be, or are asserted to be, harmful to patients or are otherwise subject to negative publicity. For example, in 2015, the FDA required labeling changes for prescription testosterone replacement therapy to warn of increased risk of heart attacks and strokes. There are a number of factors that could result in the injury or death of a patient who receives a compounded formulation, including quality issues, manufacturing or labeling flaws, improper packaging or unanticipated or improper uses of the products, any of which could result from human or other error. Any of these situations could lead to a recall of, or safety alert relating to, one or more of the products we recommend as part of our training. Similarly, to the extent any of the components of approved drugs or other ingredients used by the outsourcing facilities with whom we have relationships have quality or other problems that adversely affect the finished compounded preparations, our sales could be adversely affected. For example, some of the contracted outsourcing facilities have been the subject of civil suits alleging patient harm as a result of an improper formulation unrelated to the products we recommend. If a product which we recommend as part of our training becomes the subject of a civil or criminal suit, we may be subject to significant liability for any damages suffered by the plaintiffs and associated costs and penalties. Defending against any such actions can be costly, time-consuming and may require significant financial and personnel resources. Therefore, even if we are successful in defending against any such actions that may be brought against us, our business may be impaired. In addition, in the ordinary course of business, a voluntarily recall of one of the products we recommend as part of our training or may be instituted in response to a practitioner or clinic complaint. Because of our dependence upon medical and patient perceptions, any adverse publicity associated with illness or other adverse effects resulting from the use or misuse of the compounded products we recommend as part of our training or any other compounded formulations made or sold by other companies, could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 If the FDA takes regulatory action to implement any of the NASEM recommendations for compounded bioidentical hormones, this may have a substantial effect on the ability of the outsourcing facilities to compound the hormone pellets utilized by Biote-certified practitioners, which would have a substantially negative impact on Biote s revenue and business operations. 
 In fall 2018, the FDA commissioned the NASEM to appoint an ad hoc committee to examine the clinical utility of treating patients with compounded bioidentical hormones. The NASEM committee held a series of open and closed sessions from March 2019 to April 2020, to examine data, research, and stakeholder input in order to form conclusions and recommendations regarding the clinical utility of these products. On July 1, 2020, the NASEM committee published its report, wherein it concluded that there is a lack 
 42 
 
 of high-quality clinical evidence to demonstrate the safety and effectiveness of these products and, accordingly, that there is insufficient evidence to support the overall clinical utility of these products as treatment for menopause and male hypogonadism symptoms. The NASEM Committee recommended restricted use of these products, assessments of their difficulty to compound, and additional education, state and federal regulatory oversight, and research. 
 More specifically, NASEM Committee made six recommendations to the FDA: (1) Restrict the use of compounded bioidentical hormone preparations; (2) Review select bioidentical hormone therapies and dosage forms as candidates for the FDA Difficult to Compound List; (3) Improve education for prescribers and pharmacists who market, prescribe, compound, and dispense these preparations; (4) Additional federal and state-level oversight should be implemented to better address public health and clinical concerns regarding the safety and effectiveness of these preparations; (5) Collect and disclose conflicts of interest; and (6) Strengthen and expand the evidence base on the safety, effectiveness, and use of these preparations. NASEM s report is purely advisory and non-binding on the FDA. Biote cannot predict whether or not the FDA will accept the recommendations made in the NASEM report in whole, in part, or whether the FDA will reject NASEM s recommendations. If the FDA were to take regulatory action to implement any of NASEM s recommendations, in whole or in part, this may have a substantial effect on the ability of the outsourcing facilities to compound the hormone pellets utilized by Biote-certified practitioners as part of the Biote Method, and, in turn, have a substantially negative impact on Biote s revenue and business operations. 
 Failure to comply with the FDCA and analogous state laws and regulations can result in administrative, civil, criminal penalties. 
 The FDA, acting under the scope of the FDCA and its implementing regulations, has broad authority to regulate the manufacture, distribution, and labeling of many products, including medical devices, cosmetics, drugs, and food, including dietary supplements (FDA-regulated products). The FDCA prohibits, among other things, the introduction or delivery for introduction into interstate commerce of any FDA-regulated product that is adulterated or misbranded, as well as the adulteration or misbranding of any FDA-regulated product while the product is in interstate commerce. However, the FDCA does not regulate the practice of medicine. Drugs that are compounded pursuant to a practitioner s orders are considered to be the result of a compounding pharmacy or practitioner combining, mixing, or altering ingredients to create a medication tailored for the needs of a particular patient, and are not regulated as new drugs under the FDCA. We have developed relationships with 503B outsourcing facilities who compound bioidentical pellets to support Biote-certified practitioners who prescribe such products. If any of these compounded bioidentical hormone pellets are determined to be unapproved new drugs or are determined to be adulterated or misbranded under the FDCA, we could be subject to enforcement action by the FDA. If any of our operations are found to have violated the FDCA or any other federal, state, or local statute or regulation that may apply to us and our business, we could face significant penalties including the seizure of product, civil, criminal, and administrative penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement, imprisonment, contractual damages, reputational harm, and diminished profits and future earnings. Defending against any such actions can be costly, time-consuming and may require significant financial and personnel resources. Therefore, even if we are successful in defending against any such actions that may be brought against us, our business may be significantly impaired. Additionally, the FDA or analogous state agencies could determine that we or the outsourcing facilities with whom we have relationships are not in compliance with the FDCA or analogous or related state laws applicable to outsourcing facilities, which could significantly impact our business. Further, the FDA could recommend a voluntary recall, or issue a public health notification or safety notification about one or more of the products we recommend in training, which could materially harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 If we fail to comply with FDA or state regulations governing our Biote-branded dietary supplements, our business could suffer. 
 We also market Biote-branded dietary supplements that are regulated by the FDA or state regulatory authorities. We may need to develop and maintain a robust compliance and quality program to ensure that the products that we market comply with all applicable laws and regulation, including the FDCA. If we are found to have manufactured, distributed, sold, or labeled any products in violation of the FDCA, we may face significant penalties which may result in a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. For example, in May 2017, we received a warning letter from the FDA concerning both cGMP violations observed during a 2016 FDA inspection of our facility, and unapproved new drug claims that were made for certain of our dietary supplement products (the Warning Letter ). Although our response to the Warning Letter resulted in a closeout by the FDA in May 2018, we cannot assure you that we will not receive warning letters or other regulatory action by the FDA on the same or similar violations in the future. 
 If we fail to comply with FDA regulations governing our medical device products, our business could suffer. 
 We also offer for sale to practitioners two convenience kits for use with hormone optimization therapies, one for male patients and one for female patients. These kits largely contain commercially available products, including only disposable supplies (e.g., gloves, antiseptic, gauze, disposable trocar, etc.) assembled in a sterile package. The products contained in the kits are sourced, assembled, and supplied by Medline Industries, LP, with the components, including the Class 1 disposable trocars, being manufactured by various other component suppliers. Trocars and convenience kits are medical devices that are regulated by the FDA. Because we previously manufactured and sold reusable and disposable trocars, we registered with the FDA as a repackager, relabeler and specification developer, and we currently list the trocars we previously manufactured and the convenience kits we currently sell in compliance with FDA registration and listing requirements. We may need to develop and maintain a robust compliance and quality program to ensure that the convenience kits we sell comply with all applicable laws and regulation, including the FDCA and other 
 43 
 
 regulatory requirements thereunder including for example cGMPs and Medical Device Reporting (MDR) where applicable. If the FDA determines that the convenience kits we sell require 510(k) clearance, or are otherwise considered unapproved medical devices, we may be in violation of the FDCA. 
 Additionally, we offer our proprietary clinical decision support CDS software to practitioners to provide information from published literature and clinical guidelines to assist practitioners in providing precise, patient-specific treatment options at various intervals through a patient s therapy. The FDA has recently issued a non-binding final CDS guidance that significantly narrows what the agency considers non-device CDS. If the FDA determines that our CDS is a medical device under the FDCA, the FDA may determine that our algorithm requires premarket approval or clearance, and may determine that unless and until we obtain such premarket approval or clearance that we are distributing an unapproved medical device in violation of the FDCA. If we are found to have manufactured, distributed, sold, or labeled any medical devices in violation of the FDCA, we may face significant penalties which may result in a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 If we fail to comply with healthcare and other governmental regulations, we could face substantial penalties and our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 Our relationships with Biote-certified practitioners, Biote-partnered clinics, outsourcing facilities, and suppliers may subject us to a variety of healthcare laws including, among others, laws that prohibit fraud and abuse, including the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, the False Claims Act, the healthcare fraud provisions of HIPAA, and state anti-kickback statutes that prohibit any person from offering, soliciting, receiving, or providing remuneration in exchange for the referral of patients or the purchase, order, or recommendation of any good or service and fee splitting laws, which prohibit a practitioner from dividing compensation for their professional services with a person who did not render the service. Violations of these laws are punishable by substantial penalties and other remedies, including monetary fines, civil penalties, administrative remedies, criminal sanctions (in the case of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute and certain state anti-kickback laws) and forfeiture of amounts collected in violation of such laws. 
 Additionally, most states do not allow business corporations to employ practitioners to provide professional services. This prohibition against the corporate practice of medicine is aimed at preventing corporations such as us from exercising control over the medical judgments or decisions of practitioners. While some states have broad exceptions to the corporate practice of medicine, the state licensure statutes and regulations and agency and court decisions that enumerate the specific corporate practice rules vary considerably from state to state and are enforced by both the courts and regulatory authorities, each with broad discretion. If regulatory authorities or other parties in any jurisdiction successfully assert that we are engaged in the unauthorized corporate practice of medicine, we could be required to restructure our contractual and other arrangements. Further, violation of these laws may result in sanctions imposed against us, Biote-certified practitioners and/or Biote-partnered clinics through licensure proceedings. Similarly, our compensation arrangement with Biote-certified practitioners and/or Biote-partnered clinics may implicate state fee-splitting prohibitions, which prohibit providers from sharing a portion of their professional fees collected with third parties. Additionally, our relationships with healthcare providers may subject us to HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act HITECH ), which impose certain requirements relating to the privacy, security and transmission of PHI on certain healthcare providers, health plans and healthcare clearinghouses, and their business associates and their subcontractors that access or otherwise process individually identifiable health information for or on behalf of a covered entity as well as their covered subcontractors. We could also be subject to analogous state healthcare data privacy laws, which may not always be preempted by HIPAA. We are subject to laws relating to the collection, use, retention, security, and transfer of personally identifiable information about its users around the world. Much of the personal information that we collect is regulated by multiple laws. 
 Because of the breadth of these laws and the complexity of statutory and regulatory exemptions, it is possible that some of our activities could be subject to challenge under one or more of such laws. Any action brought against us for violations of these laws or regulations, even if successfully defended, could cause us to incur significant legal expenses and divert our management s attention from the operation of our business. 
 In a regulatory climate that is uncertain, our operations may be subject to direct and indirect adoption, expansion or reinterpretation of various healthcare laws and regulations. Compliance with these and/or future healthcare laws and regulations may require us to change our practices at an undeterminable and possibly significant initial monetary and annual expense. These additional monetary expenditures may increase future overhead, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. Additionally, the introduction of new training, and Biote-branded dietary supplements may require us to comply with additional laws and regulations. Compliance may require obtaining appropriate licenses or certificates, increasing our security measures, and expending additional resources to monitor developments in applicable rules and ensure compliance. The failure to adequately comply with these and/or future healthcare laws and regulations may delay or possibly prevent any new training and products from being offered to Biote-certified practitioners, Biote-partnered clinics and their patients, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Our success depends on our relationships with Biote-certified practitioners and Biote-partnered clinics, and, therefore, our operations are subject to federal and state healthcare fraud and abuse, referral and reimbursement laws and regulations. If our operations are found to be in violation of any of the federal and state healthcare laws or any other current or future fraud and abuse or other healthcare laws and regulations that apply to us, including applicable healthcare fraud statutes, we may be subject to penalties. 
 44 
 
 Penalties under these laws may be severe, and include without limitation treble damages, significant criminal, civil and administrative penalties, attorneys fees and fines, injunctions, as well as contractual damages and reputational harm. We could also be required to modify, curtail or cease our operations. Any of the foregoing consequences could seriously harm our business and our financial results and enforcement of the foregoing laws could have a material adverse effect on our business. Also, these measures may be interpreted or applied by a prosecutorial, regulatory or judicial authority in a manner that could require us to make changes in our operations or incur substantial defense and settlement expenses. 
 Our relationships with Biote-certified practitioners and Biote-partnered clinics in connection with our current and future business activities may be subject to healthcare fraud and abuse laws and health information privacy and security laws, which could expose us to significant criminal sanctions, civil penalties, contractual damages, reputational harm, administrative burdens and diminished profits and future earnings. 
 Our current and future arrangements with Biote-certified practitioners and Biote-partnered clinics may expose us to broadly applicable federal and state fraud and abuse and other federal and state healthcare laws and regulations that may constrain Biote s business or financial arrangements and relationships. 
 Restrictions under applicable federal and state healthcare laws and regulations may include the following: 
 State healthcare fraud and abuse laws that prohibit any person from offering, paying, soliciting or receiving any remuneration, directly or indirectly, in cash or in kind, for the referral of patients or other items or services to or with licensed healthcare providers, subject to limited exceptions. Some state fraud and abuse laws apply to items or services reimbursed by any third-party payor, including commercial insurers, some apply only to state healthcare program payors, while other state laws apply regardless of payor, including funds paid out of pocket by a patient. 

State corporate practice of medicine prohibitions that restrict unlicensed persons from engaging licensed professionals to render professional services to the public or from interfering with or influencing a licensed practitioner s professional judgment. Certain activities other than those directly related to the delivery of healthcare services to patients may be considered an element of the practice of medicine in many states. 

State fee-splitting prohibitions, which prohibit licensed healthcare professionals from sharing a portion of their professional fees collected from their professional services with unlicensed third parties. 

HIPAA, as amended by the HITECH and their implementing regulations, also imposes obligations, including mandatory contractual terms, on covered entities, which are health plans, healthcare clearinghouses, and certain healthcare providers, as those terms are defined by HIPAA, and their respective business associates and their subcontractors, with respect to safeguarding the privacy, security and transmission of individually identifiable health information. 

Although Biote does not bill or receive any reimbursement from any third-party payor, to the extent that any Biote-certified practitioners and Biote-partnered clinic with whom we partner accepts health insurance for their services, we could be subject to additional laws, including without limitation the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, False Claims Act and the healthcare fraud provisions of HIPAA. 
 Further, the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 CCPA applies to personal information of consumers, business representatives, and employees, and requires businesses to provide specific disclosures in privacy notices and honor requests of California residents to exercise certain privacy rights. The CCPA provides for civil penalties of up to 7,500 per violation and allows private litigants affected by certain data breaches to recover significant statutory damages. Although the CCPA may exempt some data processed in certain contexts, the CCPA increases compliance costs and potential liability with respect to other personal data we maintain about California residents. In addition, the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 CPRA ), which became operative on January 1, 2023, expands the CCPA s requirements, giving California residents the ability to limit use of certain sensitive personal data, along with establishing a new regulatory agency to implement and enforce the law. Other states, such as Virginia, Colorado, Utah, and Connecticut have also passed comprehensive privacy laws, and similar laws are being considered in several other states, as well as at the federal and local levels. While these states, like the CCPA, also exempt some data processed in the context of clinical trials, these developments further complicate compliance efforts, and increase legal risk and compliance costs for us, the third parties upon whom we rely, and our customers. 
 Efforts to ensure that our current and future business arrangements with third parties will comply with applicable healthcare and data privacy laws and regulations will involve substantial ongoing costs and may require us to undertake or implement additional policies or measures. The scope of the foregoing state laws and the interpretations of them vary by jurisdiction and are enforced by local courts and regulatory authorities, each with broad discretion. We may face claims and proceedings by private parties, and claims, investigations and other proceedings by governmental authorities, relating to allegations that our business practices do not comply with current or future statutes, regulations or case law involving applicable fraud and abuse or other healthcare laws and regulations, and it is possible that courts or governmental authorities may conclude that our arrangements with the Biote-certified practitioners, Biote-partnered clinics or our sales force are not consistent with such laws, or that we may find it necessary or appropriate to settle any such claims or other proceedings. In connection with any such claims, proceedings, or settlements, we may be subject to significant penalties, including civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement, imprisonment, exclusion from 
 45 
 
 participation in government funded healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, integrity oversight and reporting obligations, contractual damages, reputational harm, diminished profits and future earnings and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations. Defending against any such actions can be costly, time-consuming and may require significant financial and personnel resources. Therefore, even if we are successful in defending against any such actions that may be brought against us, our business may be impaired. Further, if any Biote-certified practitioners or Biote-partnered clinics with whom we expect to do business are found to be not in compliance with applicable laws, they may be subject to criminal, civil or administrative sanctions. 
 If our information technology systems or data is or were compromised, we could experience adverse consequences resulting from such compromise, including, but not limited to, interruptions to our operations, claims that we breached our data protection obligations, decreased use of the Biote Method, loss of Biote-partnered clinics or Biote-certified practitioners or sales, and harm to our reputation. 
 Operating our business (including the Biote Method) involves the collection, storage, transmission, disclosure and other processing of proprietary, confidential and sensitive information, as well as the personal information of patients that we may receive from clinics. We may rely upon third-party service providers, such as identity verification and payment processing providers, for our information processing-related activities. We may share or receive sensitive information with or from third parties. In an effort to protect sensitive information, we have implemented security measures designed to protect against security incidents and protect sensitive information. However, advances in information technology capabilities, increasingly sophisticated tools and methods used by hackers, cyber terrorists and other threat actors, new or other developments, and intentional or accidental exposures of sensitive information by those with authorized access to our network, may result in our failure or inability to adequately protect sensitive information. We may expend significant resources or modify our business activities in an effort to protect our information and against security incidents. Certain information privacy and security obligations may require us to implement and maintain specific security measures, industry-standard or reasonable security measures to protect our information technology systems and information. 
 We are subject to a variety of evolving threats including, but not limited to, hacking, malware, computer viruses, unauthorized access, phishing or social engineering attacks, ransomware attacks, credential stuffing attacks, denial-of-service attacks, supply-chain attacks, software bugs, information technology malfunction, software or hardware failures, loss of data, theft of data, misuse of data, telecommunications failures, earthquakes, fire, flood, exploitation of software vulnerabilities, and other real or perceived threats. Any of these incidents could lead to interruptions or shutdowns of our IT systems, loss or corruption of data or unauthorized access to, or disclosure of personal data or other sensitive information. Ransomware attacks, including those from organized criminal threat actors, nation-states and nation-state supported actors, are becoming increasingly prevalent and severe and can lead to significant interruptions, delays, or outages in our operations, loss of data, loss of income, significant extra expenses to restore data or systems, reputational loss and the diversion of funds. To alleviate the financial, operational and reputational impact of a ransomware attack it may be preferable to make extortion payments, but we may be unwilling or unable to do so. Cyberattacks could also result in the theft of our intellectual property, damage to our IT systems or disruption of our ability to make financial reports, and other public disclosures required of public companies. We have been subject to attempted cyber, phishing, or social engineering attacks in the past and may continue to be subject to such attacks and other cybersecurity incidents in the future. If we gain greater visibility, we may face a higher risk of being targeted by cyberattacks. Advances in information technology capabilities, new technological discoveries, or other developments are likely to result in cyberattacks becoming more sophisticated and more difficult to detect. We and third parties upon whom we rely for our information technology systems and information, may experience such cyberattacks and may not have the resources or technical sophistication to anticipate or prevent all threats. Moreover, techniques used to obtain unauthorized access to systems change frequently and may not be known until launched. Security breaches can also occur as a result of non-technical issues, including intentional or inadvertent actions by our personnel and third-party service providers (including their personnel). Any of the previously identified or similar threats could cause a security incident. A security incident could result in unauthorized, unlawful or accidental acquisition, modification, destruction, loss, alteration, encryption, disclosure of or access to information. 
 Applicable information privacy and security obligations may require us to notify relevant stakeholders of security incidents. Such disclosures are costly, and the disclosures or the failure to comply with such requirements, could lead to adverse impacts. If we (or a third-party upon whom we rely) experience a security incident or are perceived to have experienced a security incident, we may experience adverse consequences. These consequences may include: government enforcement actions (for example, investigations, fines, penalties, audits, and inspections); additional reporting requirements and/or oversight; restrictions on processing data (including personal data); litigation (including class claims); indemnification obligations; negative publicity; reputational harm; monetary fund diversions; interruptions in our operations (including availability of data); financial loss; and other similar harms. Security incidents and attendant consequences may cause Biote-partnered clinics or Biote-certified practitioners to stop using the Biote Method and Biote-branded dietary supplements and may deter new clinics and practitioners from using the Biote Method and Biote-branded dietary supplements and negatively impact our ability to grow and operate our business. 
 While we maintain cyber errors and omissions insurance coverage that covers certain aspects of cyber risks, these losses may not be adequately covered by insurance or other contractual rights available to us. The successful assertion of one or more large claims against us that exceed or are not covered by our insurance coverage or changes in our insurance policies, including premium increases 
 46 
 
 or the imposition of large deductible or co-insurance requirements, could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Furthermore, we may be required to disclose personal data pursuant to demands from individuals, privacy advocates, regulators, government agencies, and law enforcement agencies in various jurisdictions with conflicting privacy and security laws. Any disclosure or refusal to disclose personal data may result in a breach of privacy and data protection policies, notices, laws, rules, court orders, and regulations and could result in proceedings or actions against us in the same or other jurisdictions, damage to our reputation and brand, and inability to provide our trainings and Biote-branded dietary supplements to clinics and practitioners in certain jurisdictions. Additionally, changes in the laws and regulations that govern our collection, use, and disclosure of certain data could impose additional requirements with respect to the retention and security of customer data, could limit our marketing activities, and have an adverse effect on our business, reputation, brand, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Following the consummation of the Business Combination, we have incurred, and we expect to continue to incur, significant increased expenses and administrative burdens as a public company, which could negatively impact its business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Following the consummation of the Business Combination, we have faced increased legal, accounting, administrative and other costs and expenses in connection with operation as a public company which Biote did not incur as a private company. Our significantly increased expenses and administrative burdens as a public company could have an adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of operation. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act ), including the requirements of Section 404, as well as rules and regulations subsequently implemented by the SEC, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010, as amended (the Dodd-Frank Act and the rules and regulations promulgated and to be promulgated thereunder, and the securities exchanges, impose additional reporting and other obligations on public companies. Compliance with public company requirements has increased, and may continue to increase, costs and make certain activities more time-consuming. A number of those requirements requires us to carry out activities that Biote has not done previously. For example, we have adopted new charters for our board committees and new internal controls and disclosure controls and procedures. In addition, expenses associated with SEC reporting requirements and stock exchange listing requirements have been, and will continue to be, incurred. Furthermore, if any issues in complying with those requirements are identified (for example, if the auditors identify a material weakness or significant deficiency in the internal control over financial reporting), we could incur additional costs rectifying those issues, and the existence of those issues could adversely affect our reputation or investor perceptions of it. It may also be more expensive to obtain director and officer liability insurance. Risks associated with our status as a public company may make it more difficult to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on our board of directors or as executive officers. The additional reporting and other obligations imposed by these rules and regulations may continue to increase legal and financial compliance costs and the costs of related legal, accounting and administrative activities. These increased costs require us to divert a significant amount of money that could otherwise be used to expand the business and achieve strategic objectives. Additionally, advocacy efforts by stockholders and third parties may also prompt additional changes in governance and reporting requirements, which could further increase costs. 
 Our internal controls over financial reporting currently do not meet all of the standards contemplated by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and a material weakness resulted in the restatement of previously issued financial statements. Failure to achieve and maintain an effective system of disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting could impair our ability to produce timely and accurate financial statements or comply with applicable regulations. 
 We will eventually be required to provide management s attestation on internal controls over financial reporting. The standards required for a public company under Section 404(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act are significantly more stringent than those required of us as a privately held company prior to the Business Combination. 
 A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. In the course of preparing our financial statements for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, our management identified a material weakness in the aggregate in our internal control over financial reporting. Specifically, we determined that we did not have appropriate accounting competence and capabilities to properly record in our financial statements certain complex and non-routine accounting issues, particularly related to revenue recognition, financial instruments, and equity. This resulted in incorrect accounting entries that were identified and corrected through the audit of our fiscal years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019. In addition, this material weakness resulted in errors in the financial statements and related disclosures in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended June 30, 2022 and September 30, 2022, which we have restated as described in the Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q/A for each of the affected quarters, each filed on March 29, 2023. This material weakness has not been remediated as of the date of this Annual Report. 
 In order to remediate this material weakness in the aggregate, we plan to continue to hire personnel with public company experience and provide additional training for our personnel on internal controls as our company continues to grow, and engage external consultants to assist in the development and improvement of methodologies, policies and procedures designed to ensure adequate internal control over financial reporting, including the technical application of U.S. GAAP and evaluating segregation of 
 47 
 
 duties. Although we believe these measures will remediate this material weakness, there can be no assurance that the material weakness will be remediated on a timely basis or at all, or that additional material weaknesses will not be identified in the future. 
 Our current controls and any new controls that we develop may also become inadequate because of changes in conditions in our business. Further, weaknesses in our disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting may be discovered in the future. Any failure to develop or maintain effective controls or any difficulties encountered in their implementation or improvement could harm our results of operations or cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations and may result in a restatement of our financial statements for prior periods. Any failure to implement and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting also could adversely affect the results of periodic management evaluations and annual independent registered public accounting firm attestation reports regarding the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting that we will eventually be required to include in our periodic reports that will be filed with the SEC. Ineffective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial and other information. 
 As a result, the market price of our Class A common stock could be negatively affected, and we could become subject to investigations by the stock exchange on which our securities are listed, the SEC or other regulatory authorities, which could require additional financial and management resources. In addition, if we are unable to continue to meet these requirements, we may not be able to re-list on Nasdaq. 
 Our independent registered public accounting firm is not required to formally attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting until after we are no longer an emerging growth company as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act ). At such time, our independent registered public accounting firm may issue a report that is adverse in the event it is not satisfied with the level at which our internal control over financial reporting is then documented, designed or operating. Any failure to maintain effective disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations and could cause a decline in the price of our Class A common stock. 
 We recently restated our financial statements for certain prior periods, which resulted in unanticipated costs. 
 As previously announced, we concluded that our previously issued consolidated financial statements as of and for the quarters ended June 30, 2022 and September 30, 2022 (the Affected Periods should no longer be relied upon. As a result, we restated the financial statements for the Affected Periods. The restatements of our financial statements for the Affected Periods were due, in part, to an error in the calculation of its earnout valuation, resulting in an overstatement of our earnout liability and our gain (loss) from change in fair value of earnout liability. We also determined that we should attribute changes in fair value of our warrant and earnout liabilities to our operating subsidiary, BioTE Holdings, LLC Holdings ), whereas these changes had previously been attributed to the Company in the due to an error related to the calculation of the fair value of our contingent earnout liability in each of the Affected Periods. We determined that attributing these changes in fair value to Holdings more appropriately reflects the economics of the net income allocation to equity interests in our condensed consolidated financial statements in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification 810, given our Up-C structure. As a result, we corrected the error in our condensed consolidated financial statements as of and for the period ended June 30, 2022 and restated our financial statements for the quarters ended June 30, 2022 and September 30, 2022 to reflect a reduction in our basic and diluted income (loss) per common share, as a pro rata portion of gain (loss) from changes in fair value of the warrant and earnout liabilities attributed to noncontrolling interests of Holdings. 
 As a result, we incurred unanticipated costs for accounting and legal fees in connection with the restatements. The restatements may negatively impact the trading price of our securities and make it more difficult for us to raise capital on acceptable terms, or at all, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. See also Controls and Procedures. 
 Resales of shares of common stock could depress the market price of our common stock. 
 As of December 31, 2022, 69,808,711 shares (which includes 10,000,000 Earnout Voting Shares and 1,587,500 Sponsor Earnout Shares) shares of our common stock are outstanding, consisting of 11,242,887 shares of Class A common stock and 58,565,824 shares of Class V voting stock. Following the Business Combination, shares held by HYAC s public stockholders have been freely tradeable, and the shares held by the Sponsor and the Members, following their exercise of Exchange Rights, are freely tradeable as of the six-month anniversary of the Closing, subject to applicable securities laws. We have also registered all shares of Class A common stock that we may issue under the Incentive Plan or the ESPP. Once we register these shares, they can be freely sold in the public market upon issuance, subject to volume limitations applicable to Affiliates. As a result, there may be a large number of shares of Class A common stock sold in the market. These sales of shares of Class A common stock, or the perception of these sales, may depress the market price of our Class A common stock. 
 If the benefits from the Business Combination do not meet the expectations of investors, stockholders or financial analysts, the market price of our securities may decline. 
 If the benefits from the Business Combination do not meet the expectations of investors or securities analysts, the market price of our securities may decline. For example, from the Closing Date through March 15, 2023, our stock price fluctuated from a low of 2.00 to a high of 10.51. Fluctuations in the price of our securities could contribute to the loss of all or part of your investment. Immediately prior to the Business Combination, there was not a public market for Biote s stock and trading in the shares of our Class 
 48 
 
 A common stock was not active. Accordingly, the valuation ascribed to Biote and our Class A common stock in the Business Combination may not be indicative of the price that will prevail in the trading market following the Business Combination. The trading price of our securities could be volatile and subject to wide fluctuations in response to various factors, some of which are beyond our control. Any of the factors listed below could adversely affect your investment in our securities, and our securities may trade at prices significantly below the price you paid for them. In these circumstances, the trading price of our securities may not recover and may experience a further decline. 
 Factors affecting the trading price of our securities following the Business Combination may include: 
 actual or anticipated fluctuations in our quarterly financial results or the quarterly financial results of companies perceived to be similar to us; 

changes in the market s expectations about our operating results; 

the public s reaction to our press releases, our other public announcements and our filings with the SEC; 

speculation in the press or investment community; 

success of competitors; 

our operating results failing to meet the expectation of securities analysts or investors in a particular period; 

changes in financial estimates and recommendations by securities analysts concerning the Biote or the market in general; 

operating and stock price performance of other companies that investors deem comparable to the Biote; 

our ability to market new and enhanced products on a timely basis; 

changes in laws and regulations affecting our business; 

commencement of, or involvement in, litigation involving the Biote, including the Donovitz Litigation (as defined herein); 

changes in Biote s capital structure, such as future issuances of securities or the incurrence of additional debt; 

the volume of shares of our Class A common stock available for public sale; 

our ability to maintain the listing of our securities on Nasdaq; 

any major change of officers or directors; 

sales of substantial amounts of Class A common stock by our directors, officers or significant stockholders or the perception that such sales could occur; and 

general economic and political conditions such as recessions, interest rates, fuel prices, international currency fluctuations and acts of war or terrorism. 

Broad market and industry factors may materially harm the market price of our securities irrespective of our operating performance. The stock market in general has experienced price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of the particular companies affected. The trading prices and valuations of these stocks, and of our securities, may not be predictable. A loss of investor confidence in the market for the stocks of other companies that investors perceive to be similar to Biote could depress our stock price regardless of our business, prospects, financial condition or results of operations. A decline in the market price of our securities also could adversely affect our ability to issue additional securities and our ability to obtain additional financing in the future. 
 In the past, securities class action litigation has often been initiated against companies following periods of volatility in their stock price. This type of litigation could result in substantial costs and divert our management s attention and resources and could also require us to make substantial payments to satisfy judgments or to settle litigation. 
 We are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company and we take advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure requirements available to emerging growth companies and/or smaller reporting companies, this could make our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies. 
 We are an emerging growth company within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor internal controls attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. As a result, our stockholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important. We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years following our initial public offering, although circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier, including if the market value of 
 49 
 
 our Class A common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of any June 30 before that time, in which case we would no longer be an emerging growth company as of the following December 31. We cannot predict whether investors will find our securities less attractive because we may rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result of our reliance on these exemptions, the trading prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise would be, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile. 
 Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used. 
 Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 250 million as of the prior June 30th, or (2) our annual revenues exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30th. To the extent we take advantage of such reduced disclosure obligations, it may also make comparison of our financial statements with other public companies difficult or impossible. 
 If we are unable to maintain our listing on Nasdaq, it could become more difficult to sell our Class A common stock and Public Warrants in the public market. 
 Our Class A common stock is listed on Nasdaq. To maintain our listing on this market, we must meet Nasdaq s listing maintenance standards. On July 20, 2022, Nasdaq suspended trading of our Class A common stock and Public Warrants for failure to meet certain initial listing requirements and indicated it intended to pursue delisting our Class A common stock and Public Warrants once all applicable appeal and review periods expired. On August 25, 2022, Nasdaq approved our application to relist our Class A common stock and Public Warrants and we began trading on August 29, 2022. If we are unable to continue to meet Nasdaq s listing maintenance standards for any reason, our Class A common stock and Public Warrants could be delisted from Nasdaq. If delisted, we may seek to list our securities on a different stock exchange or, if one or more broker-dealer market makers comply with applicable requirements, the over-the-counter (OTC) market. Listing on such other market or exchange could reduce the liquidity of our Class A common stock and Public Warrants. If our Class A common stock and Public Warrants were to trade in the OTC market, an investor would find it more difficult to dispose of, or to obtain accurate quotations for the price of, the Class A common stock. 
 A delisting from The Nasdaq Global Market and failure to obtain listing on another market or exchange would subject our Class A common stock and Public Warrants to so-called penny stock rules that impose additional sales practice and market-making requirements on broker-dealers who sell or make a market in such securities. Consequently, removal from Nasdaq and failure to obtain listing on another market or exchange could affect the ability or willingness of broker-dealers to sell or make a market in our Class A common stock and the ability of purchasers of our Class A common stock to sell their securities in the secondary market. 
 On March 15, 2023, the closing price of our Class A common stock was 5.15 per share. 
 Future resales of Class A common stock may cause the market price of our securities to drop significantly, even if our business is doing well. 
 The lock-up restrictions agreed to in connection with the A R IRA have expired, except with respect to the Member Earnout Units, which lock-up restrictions will expire on such later date the Member Earnout Units are earned in accordance with the Business Combination Agreement. As such, each Retained Holdings Unit and corresponding share of Class V voting stock held by the Members (other than the Member Earnout Units) may be redeemed at any time, upon the exercise of such Members Exchange Rights, in exchange for either one share of Class A common stock or, at the election of the Company in its capacity as the sole manager of Biote, the cash equivalent of the market value of one share of Class A common stock, pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Holdings A R OA. Assuming the full exercise of the Exchange Rights by all of the Members (including with respect to the Member Earnout Units), the Members would own approximately 83.9 of our Class A common stock, with two such members each beneficially owning 33.4 of our Class A common stock as of December 31, 2022. Except with respect to the Member Earnout Units, the Members are no longer restricted from selling the shares of Class A common stock held by them following their exercise of Members Exchange Rights, other than by applicable securities laws. 
 In addition, the Sponsor is no longer restricted from transferring, selling, assigning or otherwise disposing of (a) its shares of Class A common stock (other than the Sponsor Earnout Shares, which may not be transferred, sold assigned or otherwise disposed of 
 50 
 
 until the Sponsor Earnout Shares are earned) or (b) its Private Placement Warrants (as defined herein) (or the underlying shares of Class A common stock) issued pursuant to that certain Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated March 1, 2021, by and between the Company and the Sponsor. 
 Further we and each of our officers, directors and selling stockholders executed lock-up agreements in which they agreed not to offer, sell, agree to sell, directly or indirectly, or otherwise dispose of any shares of Class A common stock or any securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares of Class A common stock without the prior written consent of the underwriters for a period of 90 days after January 6, 2023, subject to customary exceptions. We do not, however, expect to receive lock-up agreements from any other stockholders, including Dr. Gary Donovitz, who beneficially held 33.2 of shares of our common stock outstanding as of March 15, 2023. 
 As such, sales of a substantial number of shares of Class A common stock in the public market could occur at any time. These sales, or the perception in the market that the holders of a large number of shares intend to sell shares, could cause the market price of our Class A common stock to decline or increase the volatility in the market price of our Class A common stock. 
 Risks Related to Ownership of Our Securities 
 Because there are no current plans to pay cash dividends on our Class A common stock for the foreseeable future, you may not receive any return on investment unless you sell our Class A common stock for a price greater than that which you paid for it. 
 We may retain future earnings, if any, for future operations, expansion and debt repayment and we have no current plans to pay any cash dividends for the foreseeable future. Any decision to declare and pay dividends as a public company in the future will be made at the discretion our Board and will depend on, among other things, our results of operations, financial condition, cash requirements, contractual restrictions and other factors that our Board may deem relevant. In addition, our ability to pay dividends may be limited by covenants of any existing and future outstanding indebtedness we or our subsidiaries incur. As a result, you may not receive any return on an investment in our Class A common stock unless you sell your shares of Class A common stock for a price greater than that which you paid for it. 
 We may require additional capital to support business growth, and if capital is not available to us or is available only by diluting existing stockholders, our business, operating results and financial condition may suffer. 
 We require significant capital to continue to develop and grow our business, including with respect to the design, development, marketing, distribution and sale of the Biote Method and Biote-branded dietary supplements. We may need additional capital to pursue our business objectives and respond to business opportunities, challenges or unforeseen circumstances, and we cannot be certain that additional financing will be available, which could limit our ability to grow and jeopardize our ability to continue our business operations. We fund our capital needs primarily from available working capital; however, the timing of available working capital and capital funding needs may not always coincide, and the levels of working capital may not fully cover capital funding requirements. From time to time, we may need to supplement our working capital from operations with proceeds from financing activities. For instance, on July 27, 2022, we entered into a standby equity purchase agreement (the SEPA with YA II PN, LTD., a Cayman Islands exempt limited partnership Yorkville ), whereby we have the right, but not the obligation, to sell to Yorkville up to 5,000,000 shares of our Class A common stock at our request, subject to terms and conditions specified in the SEPA. We expect to continue to opportunistically seek access to additional funds by utilizing the SEPA. 
 To the extent that current and anticipated future sources of liquidity are insufficient to fund our future business activities and requirements, we may need to engage in equity or debt financings to secure additional funds. If we raise additional funds through further issuances of equity or convertible debt securities, our existing stockholders could suffer significant dilution, and any new securities we issue could have rights, preferences and privileges superior to those of holders of our Class A common stock. The amount of dilution due to equity-based compensation of our employees and other additional issuances could be substantial. Additionally, any debt financing secured by us in the future could involve restrictive covenants relating to our capital raising activities and other financial and operational matters, which may make it more difficult for us to obtain additional capital and to pursue business opportunities. 
 Further, there can be no assurance that further deterioration in credit and financial markets and confidence in economic conditions will not occur. A severe or prolonged economic downturn could result in a variety of risks to our business, including weakened demand for any product candidates we may develop and our ability to raise additional capital when needed on acceptable terms, if at all. A weak or declining economy could also strain our suppliers, possibly resulting in supply disruption. If the equity and credit markets deteriorate, it may make any necessary debt or equity financing more difficult, more costly, and more dilutive. Failure to secure any necessary financing in a timely manner and on favorable terms could impair our ability to achieve our growth strategy, could harm our financial performance and stock price and could require us to delay or abandon our business plans. In addition, there is a risk that our current or future suppliers, service providers, manufacturers or other partners may not survive such difficult economic times, which could directly affect our ability to attain our operating goals on schedule and on budget. We cannot anticipate all of the ways in which the current economic climate and financial market conditions could adversely impact our business. 
 51 
 
 Anti-takeover provisions contained in the Charter and Bylaws, as well as provisions of Delaware law, could impair a takeover attempt. 
 Provisions in our Charter and Bylaws, as well as provisions under Delaware law, could make acquiring us more difficult, may limit attempts by stockholders to replace or remove our management, may limit stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with the us or our directors, officers, or employees, and may limit the market price of our Class A common stock. These provisions may make more difficult the removal of management and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. 
 Future sales, or the perception of future sales, by the Company or its stockholders in the public market, the issuance of rights to purchase the Company s Class A common stock, including pursuant to the Incentive Plan and the ESPP, and future exercises of registration rights could result in the additional dilution of the percentage ownership of the Company s stockholders and cause the market price for the Company s Class A common stock to decline. 
 As of March 15, 2023, 70,320,563 shares (which includes 10,000,000 Earnout Voting Shares and 1,587,000 Sponsor Earnout Shares) of our common stock are outstanding, consisting of 19,707,997 shares of Class A common stock and 50,612,566 shares of Class V voting stock. Assuming the full exercise of the Exchange Rights by all of the Members (including with respect to the Member Earnout Units), and after giving effect to the secondary offering of shares of Class A common stock by certain stockholders pursuant to the registration statement on Form S-1, declared effective by the SEC on January 4, 2023, the Members would have owned approximately 72.0 of our Class A common stock, with one such Member beneficially owning approximately 33.2 of our Class A common stock, as of March 15, 2023. The Members are not restricted from selling the shares of Class A common stock held by them following their exercise of Members Exchange Rights, other than by applicable securities laws. 
 In addition, we have registered up to 16,651,347 shares of Class A common stock that we may issue under the Incentive Plan and the ESPP. We have registered 5,000,000 shares of Class A common stock for resale related to the SEPA with Yorkville, including 130,559 shares of Class A common stock issued and outstanding as of March 15, 2023 and 4,869,441 shares of Class A common stock that may be issued pursuant to the SEPA in the future. Once we issue these shares, they can be freely sold in the public market upon issuance, subject to volume limitations applicable to Affiliates. As a result, there may be a large number of shares of Class A common stock sold in the market. 
 The sale of shares of the Company s Class A common stock, convertible securities or other securities in the public market, or the perception that such sales could occur, could harm the prevailing market price of shares of the Company s Class A common stock. These sales, or the possibility that these sales may occur, also might make it more difficult for the Company to sell securities in the future at a time and at a price that it deems appropriate. 
 In addition, if the Company sells shares of its Class A common stock, convertible securities or other securities, investors may be materially diluted by subsequent sales. Such sales may also result in material dilution to the Company s existing stockholders, and new investors could gain rights, preferences, and privileges senior to the holders of the Company s Class A common stock, including the Company s Class A common stock issued in connection with the Business Combination. 
 Pursuant to the Incentive Plan, the Company is authorized to grant equity awards to its employees, directors and consultants. In addition, pursuant to the ESPP, the Company is authorized to sell shares to its employees. The Company initially reserved 15 of the shares of Class A common stock outstanding on a fully-diluted basis upon the Closing for future issuance under the Incentive Plan, plus 3,887,750 shares of Class A common stock necessary to satisfy payments to Phantom Equity Holders under the Phantom Equity Acknowledgments (such 3,887,750 shares of Class A common stock will not again become available for issuance under the Incentive Plan and will not be subject to the automatic annual increases described below). In addition, the Company initially reserved 1 of the shares of Class A common stock outstanding on a fully-diluted basis upon the Closing for future issuance under the ESPP. The Incentive Plan and ESPP provide for annual automatic increases in the number of shares reserved thereunder, beginning on January 1, 2023. As a result of such annual increases, the Company s stockholders may experience additional dilution, which could cause the price of the Company s Class A common stock to fall. 
 In the future, the Company may also issue its securities in connection with investments or acquisitions. The amount of shares of the Company s Class A common stock issued in connection with an investment or acquisition could constitute a material portion of the Company s then-outstanding shares of Class A common stock. Any issuance of additional securities in connection with investments or acquisitions may result in additional dilution to the Company s stockholders. 
 We may be subject to periodic claims and litigation, including the Donovitz Litigation (as defined below), that could result in unexpected expenses and could ultimately be resolved against us. 
 From time to time, we may be involved in litigation and other proceedings, including matters related to product liability claims, stockholder class action and derivative claims, commercial disputes, copyright infringement, trademark challenges, and other intellectual property claims, as well as trade, regulatory, employment, and other claims related to our business. Any of these proceedings could result in significant settlement amounts, damages, fines, or other penalties, divert financial and management resources, and result in significant legal fees. An unfavorable outcome of any particular proceeding could exceed the limits of our insurance policies or the carriers may decline to fund such final settlements and/or judgments and could have an adverse impact on our 
 52 
 
 business, financial condition, and results of operations. In addition, any proceeding could negatively impact our reputation among our practitioners and clinics and our brand image. The Company is currently involved in the Donovitz Litigation (See Item 3 Legal Proceedings). The outcome of the Donovitz Litigation, regardless of the merits, is inherently uncertain. At this point in time, the Company cannot predict the length of the Donovitz Litigation or the ultimate liability, if any, which may arise therefrom. In addition, litigation and related matters are costly and may divert the attention of the Company s management and other resources that would otherwise be engaged in other activities. 
 Risks Related to our Organizational Structure 
 Our only material asset is our ownership interest in Holdings, and accordingly we depend on distributions from Holdings to pay distributions, dividends on our Class A common stock, taxes and other expenses, and make any payments required to be made by us under the Tax Receivable Agreement (the TRA ). 
 We are a holding company and have no material assets other than our ownership of the Holdings Units. We are not expected to have independent means of generating revenue or cash flow, and our ability to pay distributions, dividends on our Class A common stock, taxes and other expenses, and make any payments required to be made by us under the TRA will be dependent upon the financial results and cash flows of Holdings. The earnings from, or other available assets of, Holdings may not be sufficient to pay dividends or make distributions or loans to enable us to pay any dividends on our Class A common stock or satisfy our other financial obligations. There can be no assurance that Holdings will generate sufficient cash flow to distribute funds to us or that applicable state law and contractual restrictions, including negative covenants under debt instruments, will permit such distributions. If Holdings does not distribute sufficient funds to us to pay our taxes or other liabilities, we may default on contractual obligations or have to borrow additional funds. In the event that we are required to borrow additional funds it could adversely affect our liquidity and subject us to additional restrictions imposed by lenders. 
 Holdings will continue to be treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes and, as such, generally will not be subject to any entity-level U.S. federal income tax. Instead, taxable income or loss will be allocated, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, to the holders of Holdings Units, including us. Accordingly, we will be required to pay U.S. federal income taxes on our allocable share of the net taxable income of Holdings. Under the terms of the Holdings A R OA, Holdings is obligated to make tax distributions to holders of Holdings Units (including us) calculated at certain assumed rates. In addition to tax expenses, we also will incur expenses related to our operations, some of which expenses will be reimbursed by Holdings. We intend to cause Holdings to make ordinary distributions and tax distributions to the holders of Holdings Units on a pro rata basis in amounts sufficient to cover all applicable taxes, relevant operating expenses (to the extent not already payable or reimbursable by Holdings pursuant to the Holdings A R OA), payments under the TRA and dividends, if any, declared by us. However, as discussed herein, Holdings ability to make such distributions may be subject to various limitations and restrictions, including, but not limited to, retention of amounts necessary to satisfy the obligations of the Company and its subsidiaries (the BioTE Companies and restrictions on distributions that would violate any applicable restrictions contained in Holdings debt agreements, or any applicable law, or that would have the effect of rendering Holdings insolvent. To the extent we are unable to make payments under the TRA for any reason, such payments will be deferred and will accrue interest until paid, provided, however, that nonpayment for a specified period and/or under certain circumstances may constitute a material breach of a material obligation under the TRA and therefore accelerate payments under the TRA, which could be substantial. 
 Additionally, although Holdings generally will not be subject to any entity-level U.S. federal income tax, it may be liable under certain U.S. federal income tax legislation for any adjustments to its tax return, absent an election to the contrary. In the event Holdings calculations of taxable income are incorrect, Holdings and/or its Members, including us, in later years may be subject to material liabilities pursuant to this U.S. federal income tax legislation and its related guidance. We anticipate that the distributions we receive from Holdings may, in certain periods, exceed our actual liabilities and our obligations to make payments under the TRA. The Board, in its sole discretion, will make any determination from time to time with respect to the use of any such excess cash so accumulated, which may include, among other uses, to pay dividends on our Class A common stock. We will have no obligation to distribute such cash (or other available cash other than any declared dividend) to our public stockholders. We may, if necessary, undertake ameliorative actions, which may include pro rata or non-pro rata reclassifications, combinations, subdivisions or adjustments of outstanding Holdings Units, to maintain one-for-one parity between Holdings Units held by us and shares of our Class A common stock. 
 Pursuant to the TRA, we will be required to pay to the Members 85 of the net income tax savings that we realize as a result of increases in tax basis of the BioTE Companies assets resulting from the Business Combination and the redemptions of the Retained Holdings Units in exchange for shares of Class A common stock (or cash) pursuant to the Holdings A R OA and tax benefits related to the TRA, including tax benefits attributable to payments under the TRA, and those payments may be substantial. 
 In connection with the Business Combination, the Selling Member will be deemed for U.S. federal (and applicable state and local) income tax purposes to have sold Holdings Units to the Company for the Cash Consideration and rights under the TRA (the Purchase and the Members may in the future have their Holdings Units (including the Earnout Units, if any, that have vested in accordance with the Business Combination Agreement), together with the cancelation of an equal number of shares of Class V voting stock, redeemed in exchange for shares of our Class A common stock (or cash) pursuant to the Holdings A R OA, subject to certain 
 53 
 
 conditions and transfer restrictions as set forth therein and in the A R IRA. These sales and exchanges are expected to result in increases in our allocable share of the tax basis of the tangible and intangible assets of the BioTE Companies. These increases in tax basis may increase (for income tax purposes) depreciation and amortization deductions allocable to us and therefore reduce the amount of income or franchise tax that we would otherwise be required to pay in the future had such sales and exchanges never occurred, although the IRS or any applicable foreign, state or local tax authority may challenge all or part of that tax basis increase, and a court could sustain such a challenge. We have entered into the TRA, which generally provides for the payment by us of 85 of certain net tax benefits, if any, that we realize (or in certain cases are deemed to realize) as a result of these increases in tax basis and tax benefits related to the transactions contemplated under the Business Combination Agreement and the redemption of Retained Holdings Units in exchange for Class A common stock (or cash) pursuant to the Holdings A R OA and tax benefits attributable to payments under the TRA. These payments are our obligation and are not an obligation of the BioTE Companies. The actual increase in our allocable share of tax basis in the BioTE Companies assets, as well as the amount and timing of any payments under the TRA, will vary depending upon a number of factors, including the timing of exchanges, the market price of the Class A common stock at the time of the exchange and the amount and timing of the recognition of our income. While many of the factors that will determine the amount of payments that we will make under the TRA are outside of our control, we expect that the payments we will make under the TRA will be substantial and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. Any payments we make under the TRA generally will reduce the amount of overall cash flow that might have otherwise been available to us. To the extent that we are unable to make timely payments under the TRA for any reason, the unpaid amounts will be deferred and will accrue interest until paid; however, nonpayment for a specified period and/or under certain circumstances may constitute a material breach of a material obligation under the TRA and therefore accelerate payments due under the TRA, as further described below. Furthermore, our future obligation to make payments under the TRA could make us a less attractive target for an acquisition, particularly in the case of an acquirer that cannot use some or all of the tax benefits that may be deemed realized under the TRA. 
 In certain cases, payments under the TRA may exceed the actual tax benefits we realize. 
 Payments under the TRA will be based on the tax reporting positions that we determine, and the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (the IRS or another taxing authority may challenge all or any part of the tax basis increases, as well as other tax positions that we take, and a court may sustain such a challenge. In the event that any tax benefits initially claimed by us are disallowed, the Members will not be required to reimburse us for any excess payments that may previously have been made under the TRA, for example, due to adjustments resulting from examinations by the IRS or other taxing authorities. Rather, excess payments made to Members will be applied against and reduce any future cash payments otherwise required to be made to such Members, if any, after the determination of such excess. However, a challenge to any tax benefits initially claimed by us may not arise for a number of years following the initial time of such payment and, even if challenged earlier, such excess cash payment may be greater than the amount of future cash payments that we might otherwise be required to make under the terms of the TRA and, as a result, there might not be future cash payments against which such excess can be applied. As a result, in certain circumstances we could make payments under the TRA in excess of our actual income or franchise tax savings, which could materially impair our financial condition. 
 In certain cases, payments under the TRA may be accelerated or significantly exceed the actual benefits we realize in respect of the tax attributes subject to the TRA. 
 The TRA provides that, in the event that (i) we exercise our early termination rights under the TRA, (ii) certain changes of control occur (as described in the TRA), (iii) we, in certain circumstances, fail to make a payment required to be made pursuant to the TRA by the applicable final payment date, which non-payment continues for 30 days following such final payment date or (iv) we materially breach any of our material obligations under the TRA, which breach continues without cure for 30 days following receipt by us of written notice thereof (unless, in the case of clauses (iii) and (iv), certain liquidity exceptions apply) our obligations under the TRA will accelerate and we will be required to make a lump-sum cash payment to the applicable parties to the TRA equal to the present value of all forecasted future payments that would have otherwise been made under the TRA, which lump-sum payment would be based on certain assumptions, including those relating to our future taxable income. The change of control payment to the Members could be substantial and could exceed the actual tax benefits that we receive as a result of acquiring Holdings Units from the Members because the amounts of such payments would be calculated assuming that we would have been able to use the potential tax benefits each year for the remainder of the amortization periods applicable to the basis increases, and that tax rates applicable to us would be the same as they were in the year of the termination. Decisions made in the course of running our business, such as with respect to mergers, asset sales, other forms of business combinations or other changes in control, may influence the timing and amount of payments that are received by the holders of Retained Holdings Units under the TRA. For example, the earlier disposition of assets following an exchange or acquisition transaction will generally accelerate payments under the TRA and increase the present value of such payments, and the disposition of assets before an exchange or acquisition transaction will increase an existing owner s tax liability without giving rise to any rights of holders of Retained Holdings Units to receive payments under the TRA. There may be a material negative effect on our liquidity if the payments under the TRA exceed the actual income or franchise tax savings that we realize in respect of the tax attributes subject to the TRA or if distributions to us by Holdings are not sufficient to permit us to make payments under the TRA after we have paid taxes and other expenses. Furthermore, our obligations to make payments under the TRA could make us a less attractive target for an acquisition, particularly in the case of an acquirer that cannot use some or all of the tax benefits that are deemed realized under the TRA. We may need to incur additional indebtedness to finance payments under the TRA to 
 54 
 
 the extent our cash resources are insufficient to meet our obligations under the TRA as a result of timing discrepancies or otherwise which may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. 
 We may not be able to realize all or a portion of the tax benefits that are expected to result from the acquisition of Retained Holdings Units from Biote Members. 
 Pursuant to the TRA, we will share tax savings resulting from (A) the amortization of the anticipated step-up in tax basis in the BioTE Companies assets as a result of (i) the Purchase and (ii) the redemption of Retained Holdings Units in exchange for shares of Class A common stock or cash pursuant to the Holdings A R OA and (B) certain other related transactions with the Members. The amount of any such tax savings attributable to the Purchase and future exchanges will be paid 85 to the applicable Members and retained 15 by us. Any such amounts payable will only be due once the relevant tax savings have been realized by us, unless our obligations under the TRA are accelerated. Our ability to realize, and benefit from, these tax savings depends on a number of assumptions, including that we will earn sufficient taxable income each year during the period over which the deductions arising from any such basis increases and payments are available and that there are no adverse changes in applicable law or regulations. If our actual taxable income were insufficient to fully utilize such tax benefits or there were adverse changes in applicable law or regulations, we may be unable to realize all or a portion of these expected benefits and our cash flows and stockholders equity could be negatively affected. 
 Risks Related to Taxes 
 Taxing authorities may successfully assert that we should have collected or in the future should collect sales and use, gross receipts, value added or similar taxes and may successfully impose additional obligations on us, and any such assessments or obligations could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The application of indirect taxes, such as sales and use tax, value-added tax, goods and services tax, business tax and gross receipts tax, to platform businesses is a complex and evolving issue. Many of the fundamental statutes and regulations that impose these taxes were established before the adoption and growth of the Internet and e-commerce. Significant judgment is required on an ongoing basis to evaluate applicable tax obligations and, as a result, amounts recorded are estimates and are subject to adjustments. In many cases, the ultimate tax determination is uncertain because it is not clear how new and existing statutes might apply to our business. 
 We may face various indirect tax audits in various U.S. jurisdictions. In certain jurisdictions, we collect and remit indirect taxes. However, tax authorities may raise questions about or challenge or disagree with our calculation, reporting or collection of taxes and may require us to collect taxes in jurisdictions in which we do not currently do so or to remit additional taxes and interest, and could impose associated penalties and fees. For example, after the U.S. Supreme Court decision in South Dakota v. Wayfair Inc., certain states have adopted, or started to enforce, laws that may require the calculation, collection and remittance of taxes on sales in their jurisdictions, even if we do not have a physical presence in such jurisdictions. A successful assertion by one or more tax authorities requiring us to collect taxes in jurisdictions in which we do not currently do so or to collect additional taxes in a jurisdiction in which we currently collect taxes, could result in substantial tax liabilities, including taxes on past sales, as well as penalties and interest, could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. Although we have reserved for potential payments of possible past tax liabilities in our financial statements, if these liabilities exceed such reserves, our financial condition will be harmed. 
 As a result of these and other factors, the ultimate amount of tax obligations owed may differ from the amounts recorded in our financial statements and any such difference may adversely impact our results of operations in future periods in which we change our estimates of our tax obligations or in which the ultimate tax outcome is determined. 
 Unanticipated changes in effective tax rates or adverse outcomes resulting from examination of our income or other tax returns could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 We are subject to income taxes in the United States, and our domestic tax liabilities are subject to the allocation of expenses in differing jurisdictions. Our future effective tax rates could be subject to volatility or adversely affected by a number of factors, including: 
 changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities; 

expected timing and amount of the release of any tax valuation allowances; 

tax effects of stock-based compensation; 

costs related to intercompany restructurings; 

changes in tax laws, regulations or interpretations thereof; and 

lower than anticipated future earnings in jurisdictions where we have lower statutory tax rates and higher than anticipated future earnings in jurisdictions where we have higher statutory tax rates. 

55 
 
 In addition, we may be subject to audits of our income, sales and other transaction taxes by U.S. federal and state authorities. Outcomes from these audits could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Increases in our income tax rates, changes in income tax laws or disagreements with tax authorities may adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Increases in our income tax rates or other changes in income tax laws in the United States or any jurisdiction in which we operate could reduce our after-tax income and adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. Existing tax laws in the United States have been, and in the future could be, subject to significant change. For example, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 was recently enacted, which includes a one percent excise tax on share buybacks imposed on the corporation repurchasing such stock, effective for tax years beginning after 2022. Future regulatory guidance from taxing authorities or other executive or Congressional actions in the United States or other jurisdictions may be forthcoming. These or other changes in the relevant tax regimes, including changes in how existing tax laws are interpreted or enforced, may adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 We also will be subject to regular reviews, examinations and audits by the IRS and other taxing authorities with respect to income and non-income-based taxes. Economic and political pressures to increase tax revenues in jurisdictions in which we operate, or the adoption of new or reformed tax legislation or regulation, may make resolving tax disputes more difficult and the final resolution of tax audits and any related litigation can differ from our historical provisions and accruals, resulting in an adverse impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 It em 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 None. 
 It em 2. Properties. 
 We lease our corporate headquarters, practitioner training, call center, and patient clinic facilities, located in Irving, Texas. Pursuant to our lease agreement, we will lease a total of 23,334 square feet at this combined facility until December 1, 2023, when the square footage increases to 27,034 square feet. The lease agreement expires on November 30, 2028, unless we timely exercise our option to extend for an additional two years. 
 Additionally, we lease two modest storage facilities, located in Irving, Texas. These spaces, which include a total of approximately 450 square feet, are leased on a month-to-month basis. 
 We believe that our current office space is sufficient to meet our anticipated needs for the foreseeable future and is suitable for the conduct of our business. 
 Ite m 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 From time to time, we may be involved in various legal proceedings and subject to claims that arise in the ordinary course of business. Although the results of litigation and claims are inherently unpredictable and uncertain, we are not currently a party to any legal proceedings the outcome of which, if determined adversely to us, are believed to, either individually or taken together, have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, cash flows or financial condition. Regardless of the outcome, litigation has the potential to have an adverse impact on us due to defense costs and possible settlement expenses, diversion of management resources and other factors. 
 Donovitz Litigation 
 The Company is currently involved in litigation described below with one of the Company s stockholders, Dr. Gary S. Donovitz Donovitz (the Donovitz Litigation ). The outcome of the Donovitz Litigation, regardless of the merits, is inherently uncertain. At this point in time, the Company cannot predict the length of the Donovitz Litigation or the ultimate liability, if any, which may arise therefrom. In addition, litigation and related matters are costly and may divert the attention of the Company s management and other resources that would otherwise be engaged in other activities. However, the Donovitz Litigation is not expected to have a material adverse effect on the consolidated results of operations or financial position of the Company. 
 On June 23, 2022, Donovitz sued Haymaker Sponsor, LLC, the Company s outside legal counsel, and certain Company executive officers and directors in the District Court of Dallas County, Texas. Donovitz alleges that the defendants made a variety of false promises regarding Donovitz s future role in the Company, the protection of Donovitz s interests, and the continuance of Donovitz s seminars and training programs subsequent to the completion of the Business Combination. Otherwise, Donovitz claims he would not have agreed to the arrangements that led to the completion of the Business Combination and related transactions. Donovitz generally alleges fraud, fraudulent inducement, negligent misrepresentation, a breach of the covenant of good faith and fair dealing, breaches of fiduciary duties, and/or aiding and abetting those alleged breaches against the defendants (the Donovitz Claims ). Donovitz seeks monetary relief exceeding 1.0 million, including, but not limited to, actual damages to be determined at trial, punitive 
 56 
 
 damages, attorneys fees, costs, expenses, and prejudgment and post-judgment interest, and equitable relief, including, but not limited to, profit disgorgement, fee forfeiture, recession, and constructive trust. While not a direct party to the lawsuit, the Company believes that the allegations contained in the petition are without merit and intends to participate in the defense of the litigation. 
 On July 11, 2022, the Company sued Donovitz in the Delaware Court of Chancery, pursuing injunctive relief to prevent Donovitz from proceeding with the litigation over the Donovitz Claims in Texas. The Company seeks to enforce (a) the Company s certificate of incorporation, which mandates that stockholders must bring certain actions, including some or all of the Donovitz Claims, exclusively in Delaware, and (b) the Business Combination Agreement, by which Donovitz consented to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Delaware Court of Chancery and agreed that Delaware law governs any related claims, including some or all of the Donovitz Claims. Pending a ruling from the Delaware Court of Chancery, Donovitz agreed to stay all answer dates in that lawsuit in Texas. Then, on March 23, 2023, Donovitz filed an amended answer and counterclaims alleging what appear to be the same as the Donovitz Claims originally filed in Texas. 
 On August 2, 2022, the Company sued Donovitz, Lani Hammonds Donovitz, and Lani D. Consulting in the District Court of Dallas County, Texas, seeking injunctive relief to enforce non-disparagement obligations of that certain founder advisory agreement with Donovitz and the independent contractor agreement with Lani Hammonds Donovitz, both of which were entered into by the subject parties in connection with the Business Combination. 
 On August 23, 2022, the defendants filed an answer, which included affirmative defenses to the Company s claims and certain counterclaims and third-party claims against certain executive officers of the Company. The affirmative defenses included repudiation, fraud, breach of contract, unclean hands, and laches. 
 The counterclaims and third-party claims included claims for fraud, breach of fiduciary duty, breach of contract, and defamation, as well as other related claims. 
 The Company successfully obtained a temporary restraining order to enforce the non-disparagement obligations of Donovitz and Lani Hammonds Donovitz. The parties subsequently entered into an agreed order that the temporary restraining order will stay in effect until the entry of a final judgment. 
 A jury trial was scheduled to commence on January 3, 2023, to address the Company s request for a permanent injunction, as well as adjudicate the affirmative defenses, with all remaining claims, counterclaims and third-party claims to be tried at a later date. 
 After the filing of this lawsuit, the Company amended its claim in the Delaware Court of Chancery to also seek an injunction to prevent Donovitz from proceeding with certain of the affirmative defenses, counterclaims, and third-party claims filed by the defendants on August 23, 2022. On November 4, 2022, the Delaware Court of Chancery denied that request for injunctive relief, permitting the Texas lawsuit filed by the Company and all affirmative defenses and claims asserted therein to proceed in Texas. 
 Subsequently, the parties agreed that the trial on the Company s claim for breach of contract, including its request for a permanent injunction, will be consolidated with a trial on the previously filed counterclaims and third-party claims. Prior to that agreement being reached, Donovitz and Lani Hammonds Donovitz filed an amended pleading which did not include any of their previously asserted affirmative defenses or assert any new affirmative defenses. It was also agreed that if Donovitz and or Lani Hammonds Donovitz seek leave to add any affirmative defenses before the final trial, at most they would be allowed to assert laches, unclean hands or mistake, and only if they can convince the trial court that any or all of those affirmative defenses would have qualified as claims that could have been non suited at the time they filed their amended pleading asserting no affirmative defenses. A jury trial is scheduled to commence on September 11, 2023. The temporary restraining order entered against Gary Donovitz and Lani Hammonds Donovitz remains in effect until the entry of a final judgment. 
 It em 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 None. 
 57 
 
 PART II 
 It em 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 Market Information 
 Prior to the closing of our business combination, HYAC common stock, units and warrants were listed on Nasdaq under the symbols HYAC, HYACU and HYACW, respectively. On May 27, 2022, our Class A common stock and public warrants began trading on Nasdaq under the symbols BTMD and BTMDW, respectively. We no longer have any outstanding units. As of March 15, 2023, there were 19,707,997 shares of Class A common stock issued and outstanding and 50,612,566 shares of our Class V common stock (the Class V common stock issued and outstanding. No market exists for the Class V common stock. 
 Holders 
 As of March 15, 2023, there were 43 holders of record of our Class A common stock, 9 holders of record of our Class V common stock and 1 holder of record of our Public Warrants. The actual number of stockholders is greater than this number of record holders, and includes stockholders who are beneficial owners, but whose shares are held in street name by brokers and other nominees. This number of holders of record also does not include stockholders whose shares may be held in trust by other entities. 
 Dividend Policy 
 We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our capital stock and do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Payment of cash dividends, if any, in the future will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on then-existing conditions, including our financial condition, operating results, contractual restrictions, capital requirements, business prospects and other factors our board of directors may deem relevant. 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 
 Information about our equity compensation plans in Item 12 of Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Equity Securities 
 Transaction Consideration 
 On the Closing Date, as consideration for consummating the Business Combination in accordance with the Business Combination Agreement, we issued of 58,565,824 shares of newly authorized Class V Voting Stock to the Members, which number of shares of Class V Voting Stock was equal to the number of Biote Units retained by the Members immediately following the Closing. 10,000,000 of these shares of Class V Voting Stock are subject to forfeiture if the earnout Triggering Events are not achieved. 
 Standby Equity Purchase Agreement 
 On July 27, 2022, the Company issued 25,000 shares of Class A Common Stock to Yorkville upon execution of the Purchase Agreement in consideration of Yorkville s entry into the Purchase Agreement, pursuant to which, subject to certain conditions, Yorkville has certain obligations to purchase shares of Common Stock from the Company. 
 On September 16, 2022, we received cash proceeds of approximately 0.2 million in connection with the issuance of 40,000 shares of Class A common stock under the SEPA. On October 20, 2022, we received cash proceeds of approximately 0.3 million in connection with the issuance of 65,559 shares of Class A common stock. We expect to use any net proceeds from such sales for working capital and general corporate purposes. 
 Settlement Agreement 
 On January 6, 2023, we issued 375,000 shares of Class A common stock pursuant to the settlement of litigation with a former employee, for which we did not receive proceeds. 
 Each of the foregoing issuances were issued in reliance on the exemption from registration requirements thereof provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and/or Regulation D promulgated thereunder as a transaction by an issuer not involving a public offering. 
 Item 6. [Reserved]. 
 Ite m 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 Unless the context otherwise requires, all references in this section to the Company, Biote, we, us, or our refer to the business of biote Corp. and all references in this section to the BioTE Companies refer to biote Corp. and its subsidiaries 
 58 
 
 following the Business Combination. Throughout this section, unless otherwise noted, Holdings refers to BioTE Holdings, LLC and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 The following discussion and analysis provides information that management believes is relevant to an assessment and understanding of our consolidated results of operations and financial condition. You should read this discussion and analysis in conjunction with the accompanying consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Certain amounts may not foot due to rounding. This discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements and involves numerous risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those described under the sections entitled Risk Factors and Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We assume no obligation to update any of these forward-looking statements except as required by law. Actual results may differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. 
 Overview 
 We operate a high growth practice-building business within the hormone optimization space. Similar to a franchise model, we provide the necessary components to enable Biote-certified practitioners to establish, build, and successfully implement a program designed to optimize hormone levels using personalized solutions for their aging patient populations. The Biote Method is a comprehensive, end-to-end practice building platform that provides Biote-certified practitioners with the components specifically developed for practitioners in the hormone optimization space: Biote Method education, training and certification, practice management software, inventory management software, and information regarding available hormone replacement therapy HRT products, as well as digital and point-of-care marketing support. We also sell a complementary Biote-branded line of dietary supplements. We generate revenue by charging the Biote-partnered clinics fees associated with the support Biote provides for HRT and from the sale of Biote-branded dietary supplements. By virtue of our historical performance over the past 11 years, we believe that our business model has been successful, remains differentiated, and is well positioned for future growth. 
 Our go-to-market strategy focuses on: 
 Increase the number of Biote-certified practitioners . Our primary objective in marketing to healthcare providers is to inform them of the value in joining the Biote network. We accomplish this through provider referrals, a dedicated sales force, and through digital and traditional marketing channels. We target specific physicians based on their specialty, prescribing data, demographic information and location match with our existing geographic footprint. 

Grow the practice of our Biote-certified practitioners and Biote-partnered clinics . When the practices of our Biote-certified practitioners and Biote-partnered clinics grow, we grow. We help our Biote-certified practitioners and Biote-partnered clinics grow by, among other things: 

providing mentorship, practice management and marketing capability necessary to operate an efficient hormone optimization practice; 

providing high-quality Biote-branded dietary supplement products; 

providing Biote-certified practitioners and Biote-partnered clinics a full array of wellness education and marketing materials; 

directing consumers that are actively seeking care to Biote-certified practitioners via the Find A Provider feature on our company website; and 

utilizing our growing digital outreach capabilities to connect with consumers seeking general information. 

Increasing sales of Biote-branded dietary supplements . Our Biote-branded dietary supplement line currently includes 19 dietary supplements that we offer to our Biote-certified practitioners through our eCommerce site, efficiently leveraging our core Biote provider platform. Practitioners then re-sell Biote-branded dietary supplements to their patients, enabling patients to receive physician-guided therapies to manage the related effects of aging. In August 2021, we launched a direct-to-patient eCommerce platform whereby practitioners can invite their patients to buy Biote-branded dietary supplements online via our online store. 

The hormone pellet products used by Biote-certified practitioners are manufactured by third-party compounding pharmacies and shipped directly to Biote-certified practitioners. Custody of the pellets is with Biote-certified practitioners. However, the pellets are recorded as inventory on our financial statements from the date of shipment until such time as they are administered in a patient treatment as monitored and recorded in our BioTracker system as an additional service for administrative convenience of Biote-certified practitioners and Biote-partnered clinics. 
 These products have a finite life ranging from six to twelve months. We assume the risk of loss due to expiration, damage or otherwise. Additionally, the products offered in our Biote-branded dietary supplement portfolio are produced by third-party manufacturers located in the United States. Prior to 2021, our Biote-branded dietary supplements were dropped-shipped directly to our customers from our vendors. Beginning in 2021, Biote contracted with a third-party to provide warehousing, co-packing and logistics 
 59 
 
 services for our Biote-branded dietary supplements. As such our consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 reflect inventories relating to these items. 
 Revenue generated from individual Biote-partnered clinics varies significantly. This variability is due to many factors. These include: tenure of its practitioners as Biote-certified practitioners; the number of certified practitioners in an individual clinic; the number of patients served by a clinic; the clinic s patient demographics; and the clinic s geographic location and population density. The master services agreements MSAs we enter into with Biote-partnered clinics contain tiered pricing provisions for the management fees. These provisions provide for decreasing management fees owed to us based on the number of new patients treated. This can result in declines in revenue we realize from management fees from existing Biote-partnered clinics unless these are offset by revenue generated from newly acquired Biote-partnered clinics which begin at higher fee levels under the MSA. 
 Our revenue was 165.0 million and 139.4 million, our net income was 1.3 million and 32.6 million, and our Adjusted EBITDA was 50.1 million and 40.2 million, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Recent Developments 
 Impact of the COVID-19 Pandemic and Other Trends 
 In March 2020, the World Health Organization declared the COVID-19 outbreak a pandemic (the COVID-19 pandemic ), and the virus continues to spread in areas where we partner with Biote-certified practitioners and Biote-partnered clinics and sell our dietary supplements. Several public health organizations have recommended, and many local governments have implemented, certain measures to slow and limit the transmission of the virus, including shelter in place and social distancing ordinances, which have resulted in a significant deterioration of economic conditions in many of the states in which we operate. 
 The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and the related disruptions caused to the global economy did not have a material impact on our business during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. We experienced a decrease in Biote-partnered clinic demand and Biote-branded dietary supplement shipments in the second quarter of fiscal year 2020. This decrease was primarily the result of closures or reduced capacity at Biote-partnered clinics in various geographies within the United States. During the second half of fiscal year 2020, clinic demand returned to pre-COVID-19 pandemic levels. During this and subsequent periods, we have not experienced any material disruptions in our supply chain or in our ability to fulfill orders as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 Further, global economic conditions have been worsening, with disruptions to, and volatility in, the credit and financial markets in the U.S. and worldwide resulting from the effects of COVID-19 and otherwise. If these conditions persist and deepen, we could experience an inability to access additional capital or our liquidity could otherwise be impacted. If we are unable to raise capital when needed or on attractive terms, we would be forced to delay, reduce or eliminate our research and development programs and/or other efforts. A recession or additional market corrections resulting from the impact of the evolving effects of the COVID-19 pandemic could materially affect our business and the value of our securities. 
 Additionally, the recent trends towards rising inflation may also materially adversely affect our business and corresponding financial position and cash flows. Inflationary factors, such as increases in the cost of our clinical trial materials and supplies, interest rates and overhead costs may adversely affect our operating results. Rising interest and inflation rates also present a recent challenge impacting the U.S. economy and could make it more difficult for us to obtain traditional financing on acceptable terms, if at all, in the future. Although we do not believe that inflation has had a material impact on our financial position or results of operations to date, we may experience increases in the near future (especially if inflation rates continue to rise) on our operating costs, including our labor costs and research and development costs, due to supply chain constraints, consequences associated with COVID-19 and the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine, and employee availability and wage increases, which may result in additional stress on our working capital resources. 
 Business Combination 
 On May 26, 2022 (the Closing Date ), BioTE Holdings, LLC Holdings, inclusive of its direct and indirect subsidiaries, the BioTE Companies, and as to its members, the Members completed a series of transactions (the Business Combination with Haymaker Acquisition Corp. III Haymaker ), Haymaker Sponsor III LLC (the Sponsor ), BioTE Management, LLC, Dr. Gary S. Donovitz, in his individual capacity, and Teresa S. Weber, in her capacity as the Members representative (in such capacity, the Members Representative pursuant to the business combination agreement (the Business Combination Agreement dated December 13, 2021. The Business Combination was accounted for as a common control transaction, in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles U.S. GAAP ). Under this method of accounting, Haymaker s acquisition of the BioTE Companies was accounted for at their historical carrying values, and the BioTE Companies were deemed the predecessor entity. This method of accounting is similar to a reverse recapitalization whereby the Business Combination was treated as the equivalent of the BioTE Companies issuing stock for the net assets of Haymaker, accompanied by a recapitalization. The net assets of Haymaker are stated at historical cost, with no goodwill or other intangible assets recorded. Operations prior to the Business Combination are those of the BioTE Companies. 
 60 
 
 Following the Closing of the Business Combination, the Company is organized in an Up-C structure in which the business of the Company is operated by Holdings and its subsidiaries, and Biote s only material direct asset consists of membership interests in Holdings. 
 In connection with the Business Combination, on the Closing Date, BioTE Medical entered into a credit agreement with Truist Bank and Truist Securities, Inc. providing for (i) the Revolving Loans, a 50.0 million senior secured revolving credit facility in favor of BioTE Medical and (ii) the Term Loan, a 125.0 million senior secured term loan A facility in favor of BioTE Medical, which was borrowed in full at the Closing Date. 
 Components of Results of Operations 
 Revenue 
 We sell Biote-partnered clinics the Biote Method, the components of which are specifically developed for practitioners in the hormone optimization space: Biote Method education, training and certification, practice management resources, inventory management resources, and digital and point-of-care-marketing support. Our revenue represents fees paid for the training, marketing support, practice development, equipment, IP licensing, and product sales of Biote-branded dietary supplements, physician-prescribed procedures, and pellet procedure convenience kits, or trocars. 
 Our revenue fluctuates in response to a combination of factors, including the following: 
 sales volumes; 

the mix of male and female patients treated by Biote-certified practitioners, as treatment for males generates more revenue per patient than treatment for females; 

our overall product mix of dietary supplements sold; 

the effects of competition on market share; 

new Biote-partnered clinics acquired as customers, less any existing clinics lost as customers net new clinics ); 

number of procedures performed by practitioners; 

medical industry acceptance of hormone optimization generally as a solution to unmet medical needs; 

the number of business days in a particular reporting period, including as a result of holidays; 

weather disruptions impacting medical offices ability to maintain regular operating schedules; 

the effects of competition and competitive pricing strategies; 

governmental regulations influencing our markets; and 

global and regional economic cycles. 

Generally, our MSAs require us to provide (1) initial training to practitioners on the Biote Method, (2) inventory management services and (3) other contract-term marketing and practice development services (including recurring training and licenses of Biote IP). Historically, we have provided the optional free lease of reusable trocars by Biote-certified practitioners. 
 Substantially all of our revenue originates from sales to clinic locations in the United States. 
 Product Revenue 
 Product revenue includes both pellets, in connection with the service described above, and the related inventory management services provided to clinics. Product revenue is recognized at the point in time when the clinic obtains ownership of the pellet, which we determined to be when the Biote-certified practitioner performs the procedure to implant the pellet into their patient. The consideration allocated to this performance obligation is a procedure-based service fee which we refer to as procedure revenue. Our product revenue also includes revenue earned from sales of pellet insertion kits and Biote-branded dietary supplements. Revenue from the sale of pellet insertion kits and Biote-branded dietary supplements is recognized when the clinic or clinic s patient (supplements only) obtains control of the product and is generally at the time of shipment from our distribution facility or supplier. Any shipping or handling fees paid by clinics are also recorded within product revenue. 
 Service Revenue 
 Service revenue is revenue earned from fees paid by Biote-partnered clinics for training services and other contract term services pursuant to our MSAs. While the option to receive and right to use the reusable trocars through the term of the contract represents an embedded lease, we have adopted the practical expedient within ASC 842 to combine the lease and non-lease components and account for the combined component under ASC 606. 
 61 
 
 For Biote Method arrangements, we recognize revenue for trainings and for management services over time. For initial trainings, progress is measured by the number of training sessions completed, and for contract-term services, progress is measured on a time-elapsed basis. 
 The training completion and time-elapsed bases represent the most reliable measure of transfer of control to the clinic for trainings and contract-term services, respectively. Revenue is deferred for amounts billed or received prior to delivery of the services. 
 Cost of Revenue 
 Cost of service revenue consists primarily of costs incurred to deliver trainings to Biote-partnered clinics. Cost of product revenues include the pass-through cost of pellets purchased from outsourcing facilities, the cost of pellet insertion kits and Biote-branded dietary supplements purchased from manufacturing facilities, and the shipping and handling costs incurred to deliver these products to Biote-partnered clinics. 
 Commissions 
 Commissions consist primarily of fees paid to a third-party sales force and fees paid to Biote-partnered clinics that participate in our clinic mentor program (our Mentor Program ), which pairs experienced Biote-certified practitioners with newly contracted practitioners. 
 Commissions paid to the Company s third-party sales forces relate to market support and development activities undertaken to increase sales through the acquisition of new Biote-partnered clinics and growth from existing clinics. These are not considered incremental costs to obtain a clinic contract. As a result of investing in growing our internal sales capabilities beginning in 2019, we rely less on third-party sales forces and our commissions have decreased over time. We expect external commissions expenses to continue to decrease as we focus our growth initiatives based on an internal sales force model. However, the employee salaries we pay to our internal sales force are considered compensation expense and allocated to Selling, general and administrative expense. 
 Marketing 
 Marketing consists primarily of advertising expenses, other non-advertising marketing and training program costs, and management services costs. These costs are all expensed as incurred. 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expense 
 Selling, general and administrative expense consists primarily of software licensing and maintenance and the cost of employees who engage in corporate functions, such as finance and accounting, information technology, human resources, legal, and executive management. Selling, general and administrative expense also includes rent occupancy costs, office expenses, recruiting expenses, entertainment allocations, depreciation and amortization, share-based compensation, transaction related expenses, other general overhead costs, insurance premiums, professional service fees, research and development and costs related to regulatory and legal matters. 
 Interest Expense 
 Interest expense consists primarily of cash and non-cash interest under our term loan facility and commitment fees for our unused line of credit. 
 Gain from Change in Fair Value of Warrant Liability 
 Gain from change in fair value of warrant liability consists of the change in fair value of the warrant liability from the Closing Date to the balance sheet date. 
 Gain from Change in Fair Value of Earnout Liability 
 Gain from change in fair value of earnout liability consists of the change in fair value of the Member and Sponsor earnouts from the Closing Date to the balance sheet date. 
 Loss from extinguishment of debt 
 Loss from extinguishment of debt consists of the remaining unamortized portion of the debt issuance costs related to the Bank of America Credit Agreement (as defined below) written off upon repayment in connection with the Business Combination. 
 Other Income / Expense 
 Other income and other expense consist of the foreign currency exchange gains and losses for sales denominated in foreign currencies, interest income and other income or payments not appropriately classified as operating expenses. 
 Income Taxes 
 We are subject to federal and state income taxes in the United States and taxes in foreign jurisdictions in which we operate. We recognize deferred tax assets and liabilities based on temporary differences between the financial reporting and income tax bases of 
 62 
 
 assets and liabilities using statutory rates. We regularly assess the need to record a valuation allowance against net deferred tax assets if, based upon the available evidence, it is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. 
 Comparison of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 The table and discussion below present our results for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Year Ended December 31, 

Increase/(Decrease) 

(U.S. dollars, in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Revenue: 

Product revenue 

163,133 

137,598 

25,535 

18.6 

Service revenue 

1,824 

1,798 

26 

1.4 

Total revenue 

164,957 

139,396 

25,561 

18.3 

Cost of revenue (excluding depreciation and amortization included in selling, general and administrative, below) 

Cost of products 

51,990 

46,298 

5,692 

12.3 

Cost of services 

2,585 

2,519 

66 

2.6 

Cost of revenue 

54,575 

48,817 

5,758 

11.8 

Commissions 

974 

2,056 

(1,082) 

(52.6) 

Marketing 

4,628 

4,908 

(280) 

(5.7) 

Selling, general and administrative 

165,502 

49,054 

116,448 

237.4 

Income (loss) from operations 

(60,722) 

34,561 

(95,283) 

(275.7) 

Other income (expense), net: 

Interest expense 

(5,091) 

(1,673) 

(3,418) 

204.3 

Gain from change in fair value of warrant liability 

5,127 

5,127 

0.0 

Gain from change in fair value of earnout liability 

61,770 

61,770 

0.0 

Loss from extinguishment of debt 

(445) 

(445) 

0.0 

Other income 

1,073 

17 

1,056 

Total other income (expense), net 

62,434 

(1,656) 

64,090 

Income before provision for income taxes 

1,712 

32,905 

(31,193) 

(94.8) 

Income tax expense (benefit) 

388 

286 

102 

35.7 

Net income 

1,324 

32,619 

(31,295) 

(95.9) 

Not a meaningful change 
 Revenue 
 Revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased by 25.6 million to 165.0 million, or 18.3 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily driven by a 24.7 million increase of procedure and Biote-branded dietary supplement revenue. Procedures performed increased by 17.8 versus the prior year resulting in a 19.5 million increase in procedure revenue. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the number of active clinics billed increased by 13 over the year ended December 31, 2021. Biote-branded dietary supplement sales increased by 19.0 or 5.2 million over the same period in the prior year. Service revenue increased by 1.4 over the same period in the prior year resulting from an increase in the number of training sessions during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Cost of revenue 
 Cost of revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased by 5.8 million, to 54.6 million, or 11.8 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily due to the net impact of higher volumes at sustained unit costs. Cost of procedures increased by 4.6 million for the period, consisting of 4.8 million attributable to volume increases in pellets dispensed which was offset by a reduction of 0.2 million related to broken, damaged, or expired pellets. Biote branded dietary supplement costs increased 0.5 million or 3.5 , due to higher sales volume. 
 Commissions 
 Commissions expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased by 1.1 million to 1.0 million, or 52.6 , as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease is primarily driven by our shift to an internal sales force to generate product demand. 
 Marketing 
 Marketing expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased by 0.3 million to 4.6 million, or 5.7 , as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 63 
 
 Selling, General and Administrative 
 Selling, general and administrative expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased by 116.4 million to 165.5 million, or 237.4 , as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. This increase was primarily driven by stock compensation expense of 82.2 million. This expense represented the cumulative impact of unrecognized compensation expense for stockholders upon completion of the Business Combination as well as subsequent vesting of certain shares awarded. An additional component of the increase was 21.6 million of transaction-related expenses related to the Business Combination and other associated capital structure transactions recognized during the period. These consisted of the excess closing costs of the Business Combination over the Business Combination proceeds received; costs associated with sponsor share transfers and certain compensation paid resulting from the transaction. The increase also included a 7.2 million increase in payroll and related expenses due to increases in sales incentives consistent with sales growth for the period and additional sales and management hiring; 0.7 million of travel and entertainment expenses due to increases in sales force headcount. Depreciation and amortization expenses increased by 0.8 million attributable to assets placed in service at the beginning of the year. Additionally, professional fees and insurance costs increased during the period by 6.2 million mainly attributable to increases in costs associated with being a public company. 
 Interest Expense 
 Interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased by 3.4 million to 5.1 million, or 204.3 , as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase is primarily a result of the higher debt balance outstanding from the new debt issued as part of closing the Business Combination as well as higher interest rates incurred during the period. Interest expense relates primarily to interest on an outstanding note payable and amortization of origination fees. 
 Gain from Change in Fair Value of Warrant Liability 
 The gain from the change in fair value of our warrant liability of 5.1 million was primarily a result of the decrease in the trading price of our Public Warrants listed on Nasdaq to 0.30 per share on December 31, 2022 from 0.68 per share on the closing of the Business Combination, May 26, 2022. 
 Gain from Change in Fair Value of Earnout Liability 
 Upon the closing of the Business Combination on the Closing Date, we recognized an earnout liability of 93.9 million and subsequently remeasured the earnout liability to its fair value of 32.1 million as of December 31, 2022. The gain from the change in fair value of our earnout liability of 61.8 million was primarily a result of the decrease in the closing price of our Class A common stock listed on Nasdaq to 3.73 per share on December 31, 2022 from 9.02 per share on the Closing Date. 
 Other Income 
 Other income for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased by 1.1 million to 1.1 million as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily due to interest income earned on higher on hand cash balances and currency fluctuations during the period. 
 Income Tax Expense (Benefit) 
 Income tax expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased by 0.1 million as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. This increase reflects the taxability of the income attributable to Biote that prior to the Business Combination was taxable to the Company s Members offset by a tax benefit from certain one-time expenses related to the Business Combination that will be attributed to Biote. 
 Non-GAAP Measures 
 Adjusted EBITDA is a non-GAAP performance measure that provides supplemental information that we believe is useful to analysts and investors to evaluate the company s ongoing results of operations when considered alongside net income, (the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP measure). 
 We use Adjusted EBITDA as alternative measures to evaluate our operational performance. We calculate Adjusted EBITDA by excluding from net income: interest expense; depreciation and amortization expenses; and income taxes. Additionally, we exclude certain expenses we believe are not indicative of our ongoing operations or operational performance. We present Adjusted EBITDA because it is a key measure used by our management to evaluate our operating performance, generate future operating plans and determining payments under compensation programs. Accordingly, we believe that Adjusted EBITDA provides useful information to investors and others in understanding and evaluating our operating results in the same manner as our management. However, non-GAAP financial information is presented for supplemental informational purposes only, has limitations as an analytical tool and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for financial information presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Some of these limitations are as follows: 
 although depreciation and amortization are non-cash charges, the assets being depreciated and amortized may have to be replaced in the future, and Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect cash capital expenditure requirements for such replacements or for new capital expenditure requirements; 

64 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect changes in, or cash requirements for, our working capital needs; and 

Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect tax payments that may represent a reduction in cash available to us. 

In addition, Adjusted EBITDA is subject to inherent limitations as it reflects the exercise of judgment by Biote s management about which expenses are excluded or included. Other companies, including companies in our industry, may calculate Adjusted EBITDA or similarly titled non-GAAP measures differently or may use other measures to evaluate their performance, all of which could reduce the usefulness of our Adjusted EBITDA as a tool for comparison. Investors are encouraged to review the reconciliation, and not to rely on any single financial measure to evaluate our business. 
 The following is a reconciliation of net income (loss) to Adjusted EBITDA (in thousands) for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Year Ended 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Net income 

1,324 

32,619 

Interest expense 

5,091 

1,673 

Income tax expense 

388 

286 

Depreciation and amortization 

2,199 

1,400 

Loss from extinguishment of debt and other non-operating items 

(628) 

(17) 

Share-based compensation expense 

82,180 

Transaction-related expenses 

21,627 

2,387 

Litigation and other 

4,843 

1,869 

Gain from change in fair value of warrant liability 

(5,127) 

Gain from change in fair value of earnout liability 

(61,770) 

Adjusted EBITDA 

50,127 

40,218 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 We derive liquidity primarily from debt and equity financing activities. As of December 31, 2022, our balance of cash and cash equivalents was 79.2 million, which is an increase of 52.5 million, or 196.0 , compared to December 31, 2021. Our total outstanding debt principal balance as of December 31, 2022 was 121.9 million, which represents an increase of 84.4 million over the total outstanding debt principal balance as of December 31, 2021 of 37.5 million. 
 Our primary sources of cash are our cash flow from operations, less amounts paid to fund operating expenses, and working capital requirements related to inventory, accounts payable and accounts receivable, and general and administrative expenditures. We primarily use cash to fund our debt service obligations, fund operations, meet working capital requirements, capital expenditures and strategic investments. As of December 31, 2022, we had cash and cash equivalents of 79.2 million and a 50 million revolving line of credit. Based on past performance and current expectations, we believe that our current available sources of funds (including cash and cash equivalents plus proceeds from the Business Combination and debt financing) will be adequate to finance our operations, working capital requirements, capital expenditures, debt servicing obligations, and potential dividends for at least the next twelve months. 
 Since our inception, we have financed our operations and capital expenditures primarily through capital investment from our founder and other members, debt financing in the form of short-term lines of credit and long-term notes payable, and net cash inflows from operations. 
 We expect our operating and capital expenditures to increase as we increase headcount, expand our operations and grow our clinic base. If additional funds are required to support our working capital requirements, acquisitions or other purposes, we may seek to raise funds through additional debt or equity financings or from other sources. If we raise additional funds through the issuance of equity or convertible debt securities, the percentage ownership of our equity holders could be significantly diluted, and these newly issued securities may have rights, preferences or privileges senior to those of existing equity holders. If we raise additional funds by obtaining loans from third parties, the terms of those financing arrangements may include negative covenants or other restrictions on our business that could impair our operating flexibility and also require us to incur additional interest expense. We can provide no assurance that additional financing will be available at all or, if available, that we would be able to obtain additional financing on terms favorable to us. 
 The exercise price of our Warrants is 11.50 per Warrant. We believe the likelihood that Warrant holders will exercise their Warrants, and therefore the amount of cash proceeds that we would receive, is dependent upon the trading price of our Class A common stock, which was 5.15 per share on March 15, 2023. If the trading price for our Class A common stock is less than 11.50 per share, we believe holders of our Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants will be unlikely to exercise their Warrants. 
 Our ability to raise additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities could be significantly impacted by the resale of shares of Class A common stock by selling securityholders pursuant to the registration statement on Form S-1 filed with 
 65 
 
 the SEC on June 17, 2022, which could result in a significant decline in the trading price of our Class A common stock and potentially hinder our ability to raise capital at terms that are acceptable to us or at all. In addition, debt financing and equity financing, if available, may involve agreements that include covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take specific actions, such as incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures or declaring dividends. If we are unable to raise additional funds through equity or debt financings when needed, we may be required to delay, limit, or substantially reduce our operations. Our future capital requirements and the adequacy of available funds will depend on many factors, including those set forth in the section titled Risk Factors included in this Annual Report. 
 Cash Flows 
 The following table summarizes our consolidated cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Year Ended 

December 31, 

Increase/(Decrease) 

2022 

2021 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Data: 

Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities 

(9,157) 

33,720 

(42,877) 

(127.2) 

Net cash used in investing activities 

(1,838) 

(3,807) 

1,969 

51.7 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

63,460 

(20,343) 

83,803 

412.0 

Operating Activities 
 Comparison of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Cash flows from operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased 42.9 million as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. Net income, adjusted for non-cash expenses such as depreciation and amortization, provisions for bad debts, stock compensation, change in fair value of warrants and earnout liabilities, and provisions for obsolete inventories, among others, resulted in a net decrease of 15.9 million as compared to the prior period. Additionally, our working capital investment in our Biote-branded supplement inventory increased by 4.1 million as compared to the prior period. This resulted from the initial investment in our third-party fulfillment centers during the year ended December 31, 2021. These net changes were offset by a 2.3 million increase in working capital from advances and prepayments made to certain vendors and increases in accounts receivable of 0.8 million. Additionally, 31.1 million of transaction closing costs were assumed as accrued expenses and subsequently paid upon completion of the reverse-merger with Haymaker which reduced cash flow from operating activities. 
 Investing Activities 
 Comparison of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Net cash used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased by 2.0 million as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. This decrease was primarily driven by a reduction in purchases of property and equipment of 1.1 million, primarily reusable trocars. Additionally capitalized software development costs decreased by 0.9 million. 
 Financing Activities 
 Comparison of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Net cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 83.8 million as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase is primarily due to the completion of the Business Combination with Haymaker. This included 12.3 million of cash proceeds from the Business Combination and 125.0 million of debt issue proceeds. These were offset by payments to retire existing debt of 37.5 million, principal payment of 3.1 million on the Truist debt, and 12.4 million of transaction and debt issuance costs. Other items included a decrease in distributions to Members of 1.5 million. 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in accordance with U.S. GAAP requires our management to make judgments, assumptions and estimates that affect the amounts reported in our accompanying consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report. 
 Our management bases its estimates and judgments on historical experience, current economic and industry conditions and on various other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 
 The methods, estimates, and judgments that we use in applying our accounting policies have a significant impact on the results that we report in our consolidated financial statements. Some of our accounting policies require us to make difficult and subjective judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates regarding matters that are inherently uncertain. 
 Our most critical accounting estimates include revenue recognition, the valuation of inventory, the valuation of stock compensation, the valuation of earnout liability and the valuation of warrant liability. 
 66 
 
 Our significant accounting policies are described in Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements. We believe that the accounting policies described reflect our most critical accounting policies and estimates, which represent those that involve a significant degree of judgment and complexity. Accordingly, we believe these policies are critical in fully understanding and evaluating our reported financial condition and results of operations. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 We adopted Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standard Update ASU 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers , and subsequent amendments (collectively, ASC 606 ), on January 1, 2019. 
 To determine revenue recognition for arrangements within the scope of ASC 606, we perform the following five steps: (1) identify the contract(s) with a clinic; (2) identify the performance obligations in the contract; (3) determine the transaction price; (4) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and (5) recognize revenue when (or as) we satisfy performance obligations. We recognize revenue when the control of the promised goods or services is transferred to Biote-partnered clinics in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect to receive in exchange for such goods or services. 
 The majority of our revenue is derived from our long-term service agreements for Biote-partnered clinics of the Biote Method. In determining the transaction price, we evaluate whether the price is subject to discounts or adjustments to determine the net consideration to which we expect to be entitled. 
 Revenue is recognized when control of the product or service is transferred to the clinic (i.e., when our performance obligation is satisfied), which varies between the different performance obligations within the contract. In determining whether control has transferred for a product, we consider if there is a present right to payment and legal title, and whether risks and rewards of ownership have transferred to the clinic. For services, we consider whether we have an enforceable right to payment and when the clinic receives the benefits of our performance. Refer to Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements for additional discussion of our revenue recognition policy. 
 Inventories 
 Our inventories consist of physician-prescribed pellets used by Biote-certified practitioners in partnered clinics and Biote-branded dietary supplements which are sold and distributed to the Biote-partnered clinics and their patients. Custody of the pellets remains with Biote-certified practitioners. The pellets are presented as inventory on our financial statements from the date of shipment until such time as they are administered in a treatment by a Biote-certified practitioner on their patient for the convenience of Biote-certified practitioners and Biote-partnered clinics. Beginning the quarter ended June 30, 2021, we maintained our Biote-branded dietary supplement inventory at a third-party facility that provides Biote with co-packing and logistics services in the distribution of these products. From April 1, 2019 through March 31, 2021, we did not maintain our own stock of inventories on these products. During that time period these were distributed to Biote-partnered clinics via drop shipment arrangements with our respective vendors. 
 Inventories are valued at the lower of cost or net realizable value. We regularly review our inventories and write down our inventories for estimated losses due to obsolescence or expiration. The allowance for pellets is determined based on the age of the specific manufacturing lots of the product and its remaining life until expiration. Dietary supplements are evaluated at the product level based on sales of our products in the recent past and/or expected future demand. Future demand is affected by market conditions, new products and strategic plans, each of which is subject to change with little or no forewarning. In estimating obsolescence, we utilize information that includes projecting future demand. 
 The need for strategic inventory levels to ensure competitive delivery performance to our Biote-partnered clinics are balanced against the risk of inventory obsolescence due to clinic requirements. 
 Share-Based Compensation 
 Share-based compensation awards previously granted by Holdings were valued using a Monte-Carlo simulation as of the grant date because the value of the awards was dependent on future distributions to be received from a change in control or qualifying liquidity event. The significant assumptions used in the valuation include the constant risk-free rate, constant volatility factor and the Geometric Brownian Motion. 
 Earnout Liability 
 Our earnout liability was valued using a Monte-Carlo simulation in order to simulate the future path of our stock price over the earnout period. The carrying amount of the liability may fluctuate significantly and actual amounts paid may be materially different from the liability s estimate value. The significant assumptions used in the valuation include the Company s stock price, volatility and the drift rate. 
 Warrant Liability 
 We value the 5,566,666 private placement warrants sold to the Sponsor (the Private Placement Warrants using a Monte-Carlo simulation in order to simulate the future path of our stock price over the term of the Private Placement Warrants. The carrying amount of the liability may fluctuate significantly and actual amounts paid may be materially different from the liability s estimated 
 67 
 
 value. The significant assumptions used in the valuation include the Company s stock price, exercise price, risk-free rate, volatility and term. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Commitments and Arrangements 
 As of December 31, 2022, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K. 
 Contractual Obligations 
 Our principal contractual obligations and commitments consist of obligations to pay loan principal and interest under our long-term debt agreement and obligations under our operating lease agreement. 
 Refer to Note 8 and Note 10 to our consolidated financial statements for a discussion of the nature and timing of our obligations under these agreements. The future amount and timing of interest payments under our long-term debt agreement are expected to vary with the amount and then-prevailing contractual interest rates of our debt, which are discussed in Note 8 to our consolidated financial statements. 
 Recently Issued and Adopted Accounting Pronouncements 
 See Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements for a discussion of accounting pronouncements recently adopted and recently issued accounting pronouncements not yet adopted and their potential impact to our financial statements. 
 JOBS Act Accounting Election 
 We are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act ). Section 107 of the JOBS Act provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of an extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards applicable to public companies, allowing them to delay the adoption of those standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We have elected to use this extended transition period under the JOBS Act. As a result, following the Business Combination, our consolidated financial statements may not be comparable to the financial statements of companies that are required to comply with the effective dates for new or revised accounting standards that are applicable to public companies, which may make our common stock less attractive to investors. 
 We will remain an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act until the earliest of (i) March 4, 2026, (ii) the last date of our fiscal year in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.235 billion, (iii) the date on which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer under the rules of the SEC with at least 700.0 million of outstanding securities held by non-affiliates or (iv) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the previous three years. 
 68 
 
 Ite m 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 We are exposed to market risks in the ordinary course of our business, including the effects of interest rate changes and inflation. Information relating to quantitative and qualitative disclosures about these market risks is set forth below. 
 Interest Rate Fluctuation Risk 
 The primary objective of our investment activities is to maintain cash reserves to meet the capital requirements of our operations and our contractual obligations. In future periods, we will continue to evaluate our investment policy in order to ensure that we continue to meet our overall objectives. 
 We are exposed to interest rate risk in relation to our long-term debt outstanding. As is more fully described in Note 8 to the consolidated financial statements elsewhere in this Annual Report, our outstanding long-term debt has a variable rate of interest, which is primarily based on the Standard Overnight Financing Rate. We estimate that an increase of 100 basis points in the interest rates related to our long-term debt would increase our annualized interest expense by 1.2 million. 
 We do not engage in any strategies to limit our exposure to this interest rate risk. In addition to the interest rate risk related to our current borrowings, changes in interest rates could affect the interest we pay under any future borrowings on the line of credit available to us under our long-term debt agreement. 
 The variable interest rate on our long-term debt has increased since our last fiscal year, to a rate of 6.92304 as of December 31, 2022 from a rate of 3.1 as of December 31, 2021. 
 Inflation 
 We do not believe that inflation has had a material effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. We continue to monitor the impact of inflation in order to minimize its effects through pricing strategies, productivity improvements and cost reductions. If our costs were to become subject to significant inflationary pressures, we may not be able to fully offset such higher costs through price increases. Our inability or failure to do so could harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 The financial statements, together with the report of our independent registered public accounting firm, required by this item are set forth beginning on page F-1 of this Annual Report. 
 It em 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 None. 
 I tem 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 Limitations on Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition, the design of the disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and that management is required to apply judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs. 
 Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act, that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is (1) recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and (2) accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. 
 Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. Based upon the evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective at a reasonable assurance level based on the prior material weakness that existed in our internal control over financial reporting as described below. Notwithstanding the identified material weakness, management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, believes the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report fairly present, in all material respects, our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows at and for the periods presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 
 69 
 
 Remediation Efforts to Address Previously Reported Material Weaknesses in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 In the course of preparing financial statements for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, we identified a material weakness in the aggregate in our internal control over financial reporting. Specifically, we determined that we did not have appropriate accounting competence and capabilities to properly record in our financial statements certain complex and non-routine accounting issues, particularly related to revenue recognition, financial instruments, and equity. This resulted in incorrect accounting entries that were identified and corrected through the audit of our fiscal years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 . In addition, this material weakness resulted in errors in the financial statements and related disclosures in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended June 30, 2022 and September 30, 2022. This material weakness has not been remediated as of December 31, 2022. 
 In order to address these previously reported material weakness, we hired additional accounting and finance personnel with technical accounting and financial reporting experience as well as implemented procedures and controls in the financial statement close process, which include enhanced system capabilities in most areas, enhanced reconciliation controls, enhanced review controls and financial close checklists which ensure all necessary reviews and reconciliations are occurring as designed. Additionally, we also have access to accounting training, literature, research materials and increased communication among our personnel and outsourced third-party professionals with whom we may consult regarding the application of complex accounting transactions. 
 Our remediation plan can only be accomplished over time and will be continually reviewed to determine that we are achieving our objectives. There is no assurance that these initiatives will ultimately have the intended effects. The material weakness will not be considered remediated until our management designs and implements effective controls that operate for a sufficient period of time and our management has concluded through testing that these controls are effective. It is our hope that the identified material weakness will be remediated during fiscal year 2023. 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include a report of management s assessment regarding internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) or an audit report from our independent registered public accounting firm, Deloitte Touche LLP, due to a transition period established by rules of the SEC for reverse acquisitions between an issuer and a private operating company when it is not possible to conduct an assessment of the private operating company s internal control over financial reporting in the period between the consummation date of the reverse acquisition and the date of management s assessment of internal control over financial reporting. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Other than the material weakness remediation activities described above, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting, as identified in connection with evaluation required by Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, that occurred during the year ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 It em 9B. Other Information. 
 The Company has set May 17, 2023 as the date for its 2023 annual meeting of stockholders (the Annual Meeting ). In accordance with the requirements set forth in our amended and restated bylaws (the Bylaws ), any stockholder seeking to raise a proposal or to make a nomination for consideration at the Annual Meeting must comply with the requirements set forth in our Bylaws, including by delivering a notice of their proposal or nomination to the Company s Secretary at 875 W. Walnut Hill Ln #100, Irving, Texas 75038, no later than the close of business on April 8, 2023. In addition, stockholders who intend to solicit proxies in support of director nominees other than the Company s nominees must provide in their notice any additional information required by Rule 14a-19(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 It em 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 None. 
 70 
 
 PART III 
 It em 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 Information about Our Directors 
 The brief biographies below include information, as of March 27, 2023, regarding the specific and particular experience, qualifications, attributes and skills for each member of our board of directors. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Director Since 

Andrew R. Heyer 
 
 65 
 
 Director 
 
 2022 

Dana Jacoby 
 
 48 
 
 Director 
 
 2022 

Steven Heyer 
 
 70 
 
 Director 
 
 2022 

S. Mark Cone 
 
 60 
 
 Director 
 
 2022 

Debra L. Morris 
 
 64 
 
 Director 
 
 2022 

Marc Beer 
 
 58 
 
 Executive Chairman and Chairman of the Board 
 
 2022 

Teresa S. Weber 
 
 70 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 2022 

Andrew R. Heyer , Director. Mr. Andrew Heyer has served as a member of our Board since May 2022. Mr. Andrew Heyer previously served as BioTE Holdings, LLC Holdings, inclusive of its direct and indirect subsidiaries) s president and director of managers since July 2020 until it completed its business combination in May 2022 and is a finance professional with over 40 years of experience investing in the consumer and consumer-related products and services industries, as well as a senior banker in leveraged finance during which time his clients included many large private equity firms. Mr. Andrew Heyer served as President and director of Haymaker Acquisition Corp. II Haymaker II until it completed its business combination in December 2020 with GPM Investments, LLC GPM and ARKO Holdings Ltd. ARKO Holdings ), which together merged under a new holding company, ARKO Corp. (Nasdaq: ARKO) as part of the business combination and has remained on the board since such time. Mr. Andrew Heyer was President and Director of Haymaker I until it completed its business combination with OneSpaWorld Holdings in March 2019 and has since remained on its board since such time. Currently, Mr. Andrew Heyer is the Chief Executive Officer and founder of Mistral Equity Partners Mistral ), a private equity fund manager founded in 2007 that invests in the consumer industry. Prior to founding Mistral in 2007, from 2000 to 2007, Mr. Andrew Heyer served as a Founding Managing Partner of Trimaran Capital Partners, a 1.3 billion private equity fund. Mr. Andrew Heyer was formerly a vice chairman of CIBC World Markets Corp. and a co-head of the CIBC Argosy Merchant Banking Funds from 1995 to 2001. Prior to joining CIBC World Markets Corp. in 1995, Mr. Andrew Heyer was a founder and Managing Director of The Argosy Group L.P. from 1985 to 1995. Before Argosy, from 1984 to 1985, Mr. Andrew Heyer was a Managing Director at Drexel Burnham Lambert Incorporated and, previous to that, he worked at Shearson/American Express. Mr. Andrew Heyer currently serves on the board of Tastemaker Acquisition Corp. (Nasdaq: TMKR), a SPAC which completed its 276 million initial public offering on January 12, 2021 and is searching for a target business in the restaurant, hospitality and related technology and service sectors. Mr. Andrew Heyer also currently serves as President and a Director of Haymaker Acquisition Corp. IV, a SPAC that has not yet completed its initial public offering, a Director of AF Acquisition Corp. (Nasdaq: AFAQ), a SPAC that completed its 224 million initial public offering on March 23, 2021, and a Director of Coliseum Acquisition Corp. (Nasdaq: MITA), a SPAC that completed its 150 million initial public offering on June 25, 2021. In addition, Mr. Andrew Heyer serves as an advisor to the board of directors of Ascendant Digital Acquisition Corp. III (NYSE: ACDI), a SPAC that completed its 300 million initial public offering on November 15, 2021. From 1993 through 2009, Mr. Andrew Heyer also served on the board of The Hain Celestial Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: HAIN), a natural and organic food and products company, rejoining the board from 2012 to April 2019. Mr. Andrew Heyer also serves on the board of several private companies owned in whole or in part by Mistral, including Worldwise, Inc., a pet accessories business from 2011 to the present, and The Lovesac Company, Inc. (Nasdaq: LOVE), a branded omni-channel retailer of technology-forward furniture, from 2010 to the present. Mr. Andrew Heyer has also served on the board of Insomnia Cookies, a retailer of desserts open primarily in the evening and nighttime, and on the investment committee of AF Ventures, an investor in high-growth consumer product companies. In the past, Mr. Andrew Heyer has served as a director of XpresSpa Group, Inc. from 2016 to 2019, Las Vegas Sands Corp., a casino company, from 2006 to 2008, El Pollo Loco Holdings, Inc., a casual Mexican restaurant, from 2005 to 2008, and Reddy Ice Holdings, Inc., a manufacturer of packaged ice products, from 2003 to 2006. Mr. Andrew Heyer received his B.Sc. and M.B.A. from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania, graduating magna cum laude. Mr. Andrew Heyer is the brother of Mr. Steven Andrew Heyer, our Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Andrew Heyer is qualified to serve as a director due to his extensive finance, investment and operations experience, particularly in the consumer and consumer-related products and services industries. 
 Dana Jacoby , Director. Ms. Jacoby has served as a member of our Board since May 2022 and on the board of managers of Holdings since August 2021. In October 2017, Ms. Jacoby founded Vector Medical Group, where she continues to serve as Chief Executive Officer. Previously, Ms. Jacoby served as the Chief Executive Officer of Specialty Networks Consulting from November 2015 to December 2020. Ms. Jacoby holds an M.S. in Business and Healthcare, Master of Health Systems from the Robert Wood Johnson Medical School at the University of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey and a B.S. in Political Science and Public Relations from Louisiana State University. Ms. Jacoby is qualified to serve as a director due to her extensive leadership experience and background in the industry . 
 71 
 
 S. Mark Cone , Director . Dr. Cone has served as a member of our Board since May 2022 and on the board of managers of Holdings since August 2021. Dr. Cone has also served as the Market President of Privia Health s South Texas market (Nasdaq: PRVA) since October 2015 and as the President of Privia Medical Group Gulf Coast since October 2015. Additionally, since December 2013, Dr. Cone has served as Vice President of the Board of Directors of the U.S. Women s Health Alliance and since October 2020, as chairman of the board of Global Women s Health Providers, a Cedar Gate Technologies company. Prior to these positions, Dr. Cone was the chief executive officer of Complete MD Solutions, a physician management company from December 2014 to October 2015. Dr. Cone holds an M.D. from Baylor College of Medicine and a Bachelor of Science in Biology and Medicine from Texas A M University. Dr. Cone is qualified to serve as a director due to his extensive industry and leadership experience. 
 Steven J. Heyer , Director . Mr. Steven Heyer has served as a member of our Board of directors since May 2022. Mr. Steven Heyer previously served as HYAC s Chief Executive Officer and Executive Chairman from July 2020 until HYAC completed its business combination in May 2022, and has over 40 years of experience in the consumer and consumer-related products and services industries, leading a range of companies and brands. Mr. Steven Heyer has applied his experience and analytical skills in a variety of leadership positions across diverse industry groups, including broadcast media, consumer products, and hotel and leisure companies. Over the past 10 years, he has been acting as an advisor and director to, and investor in, several private companies across the consumer subsectors of health and wellness, restaurants, technology, marketing services and technology and furniture. Mr. Steven Heyer currently serves as Chief Executive Officer and a Director of Haymaker Acquisition Corp. IV, a SPAC that has not yet completed its initial public offering. Mr. Steven Heyer served as the Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Haymaker II until it completed its business combination in December 2020 with GPM and ARKO Holdings, which together merged under a new holding company, ARKO Corp. (Nasdaq: ARKO) as part of the business combination and has remained on its board since such time as a director. Mr. Steven Heyer was Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Haymaker I from its formation until it completed its business combination with OneSpaWorld Holdings (Nasdaq: OSW) in March 2019. Since its business combination, he has served as Vice Chairman on the board of directors of OneSpaWorld Holdings. Mr. Steven Heyer s operating experiences include: leading the turnaround of Outback Steakhouse as an advisor (from 2010 to 2012); as Chief Executive Officer of Starwood Hotels Resorts Worldwide (from 2004 until 2007); as President and Chief Operating Officer of The Coca-Cola Company (from 2001 to 2004); as a member of the boards of Coca-Cola FEMSA, and Coca-Cola Enterprises (all from 2001 to 2004); as President and Chief Operating Officer of Turner Broadcasting System, Inc., and a member of AOL Time Warner s Operating Committee (from 1994 to 2001); as President and Chief Operating Officer of Young Rubicam Advertising Worldwide (from 1992 to 1994); and before that spending 15 years at Booz Allen Hamilton, ultimately becoming Senior Vice President and Managing Partner. For the last five years, Mr. Steven Heyer has served on the boards of Lazard Ltd, Lazard Group, and Atkins Nutritionals Inc. (each as further described below) as well as investing in a private capacity in early stage and venture consumer and consumer media companies. Mr. Steven Heyer has extensive board experience, including: the board of Atkins Nutritionals Inc. until 2017, when it was acquired by Conyers Park Acquisition Corp, a publicly traded special purpose acquisition company; Lazard Ltd and Lazard Group (from 2005 to present); the board of WPP Group, a publicly traded digital, internet, and traditional advertising company (from 2000 to 2004); the board of Equifax, the publicly traded consumer credit reporting and insights company (from 2002 to 2003); the board of Omnicare, Inc., a supplier of pharmaceutical care to the elderly (from 2008 to 2015); the board of Vitrue, Inc., a provider of social marketing publishing technologies (from 2007 to 2012); and the board of Internet Security Systems, Inc. a provider of internet security software, appliance, and services (from 2004 to 2005). Mr. Steven Heyer received his B.S. from Cornell University and an M.B.A. from New York University. Mr. Steven Heyer is the brother of Mr. Andrew Heyer, who is also a member of our Board of Directors. Mr. Steven Heyer is qualified to serve as a director due to his extensive operations, management and business background, particularly in the consumer and consumer-related products and services industries. 
 Debra L. Morris , Director . Ms. Morris has served as a member of our Board since November 2022. Ms. Morris served as the executive vice president and chief financial officer of Apria, Inc. (Nasdaq: APR) from March 2013 through October 2022. Effective May 15, 2020, Ms. Morris serves as a Director for Alternative Logistics Technologies, Holdco, LLC (a.k.a EverDriven) where she serves as the chair of the audit committee. Ms. Morris has served as a director of Rexford Industrial (REXR) since December 2020, where she also serves on the audit, compensation and nomination and governance committees. Prior to that, Ms. Morris served as Chief Financial Officer of Americas for Sitel Worldwide Corporation from February 2010 to February 2013. Prior to that she served as a Partner of Tatum LLC from 2004 to 2010 and as a Director from 2008 to 2010 and provided interim and permanent Chief Financial Officer services for companies contracted with Tatum LLC including LifeMasters Supported SelfCare and RelaDyne. Ms. Morris holds a B.S. in Business Administration from Colby Sawyer College in New London, New Hampshire. Ms. Morris is qualified to serve as a director due to her extensive experience serving on public company boards. 
 Marc D. Beer , Executive Chairman, Director . Mr. Marc Beer has served as the Chairman of our Board since May 2022 and served as the chairman of the board of managers of Holdings since January 2021. Mr. Beer has also served as the chairman of the board of Origami Surgical LLC since April 2020 and as the chairman of the board of LumeNXT LLC since August 2018 as well. Prior to that, Mr. Beer co-founded Renovia Inc. in August 2016, where he previously held the positions of chairman of the board and chief executive officer and continues to serve as a strategic advisor. Before starting Renovia Inc., Mr. Beer was the chairman of the board of Minerva Neurosciences, Inc. (NASDAQ:NERV) from December 2013 to January 2018. Mr. Beer was the Chief Executive Officer of Aegerion Pharmaceuticals (Nasdaq: AEGR) from 2010 to 2015. Prior to that, Mr. Beer was Chief Executive Officer of ViaCell Inc. (Nasdaq: VIAC) from 2002 - 2007. Mr. Beer holds a BS from Miami University. Mr. Beer is qualified to serve as a director due to his significant leadership background and industry experience. 
 72 
 
 Teresa S. Weber , Chief Executive Officer, Director . Ms. Teresa S. Weber has served as the Chief Executive Officer and as a member of our Board since May 2022 and has served as the chief executive officer of Holdings since March 2019 and on its board of managers since June 2018. Prior to joining Biote, Ms. Weber served as the Chief Executive Officer of Amen Clinics, Inc., an outpatient healthcare clinic company, from January 2015 to March 2019. Ms. Weber has also been a Partner and Consultant at Mattioli Weber Consulting, a marketing, service and retain consulting firm since June 2013. She holds an M.S. in Management from Purdue University and a B.S. in Economics from New College Florida. Ms. Weber is qualified to serve as a director due to her significant leadership experience and knowledge of Biote s business. 
 Information about Our Executive Officers 
 The following table sets forth, for our executive officers who are not listed above as members of our board of directors, their ages and position held with us as of March 27, 2023: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 

Samar Kamdar 
 
 43 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 

Mary Elizabeth Conlon 
 
 43 
 
 Vice President, Business Development and General Counsel 

The background of Ms. Weber is described above under Information Regarding Our Directors. 
 Samar Kamdar, Chief Financial Officer . Mr. Kamdar has served as the Chief Financial Officer since August 2022. Prior to joining Biote, Mr. Kamdar served as the Chief Financial Officer of Slync, Inc. (d/b/a Slync.io), a logistical technology company from September 2021 to June 2022. Prior to joining Slync.io, Mr. Kamdar served as the Chief Financial Officer of TaxAct Inc., a tax preparation software company from August 2018 to August 2021. Prior to joining TaxAct Inc., Mr. Kamdar served as the Vice President of Finance of Crossmark, Inc., a sales and marketing services company that operates within the consumer goods industry from September 2014 until August 2018. Mr. Kamdar holds a B.S. in electrical engineering from Baylor University and a M.B.A. from the University of Texas, McCombs School of Business. 
 Mary Elizabeth Conlon , Vice President, Business Development General Counsel and Corporate Secretary . Ms. Conlon has served as the Vice President, Business Development and General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of Biote since June 2021. Prior to joining Biote, Ms. Conlon founded The Conlon Law Firm, P.C., where she practiced law from January 2012 to June 2021. Prior to that, Ms. Conlon was named Partner at Travis, Calhoun Conlon, P.C., where she practiced law from 2004 to 2011. Ms. Conlon holds a J.D. from Baylor Law School and a B.A. in Communications from Baylor University. 
 Director Independence 
 Our Corporate Governance Guidelines require a majority of Board members to be independent. Our Board has determined that all Board members, other than Mr. Beer and Ms. Weber, are independent under applicable rules of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq ). Mr. Beer is not deemed to be independent under Nasdaq rules by virtue of his role as our Executive Chairman. Ms. Weber is not deemed to be independent under Nasdaq rules by virtue of her role as our Chief Executive Officer. 
 Information Regarding Committees of the Board of Directors 
 The Board has a standing Audit Committee (the Audit Committee ), Compensation Committee (the Compensation Committee ), and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. The Board has determined that all members of the Audit Committee and Compensation Committee and, except for Mr. Beer, all members of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee are independent are under applicable Nasdaq and SEC rules for committee memberships. Although Nasdaq rules generally require a listed company to have a nominating committee composed entirely of independent directors, the Board has determined that Mr. Beer s membership on the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee satisfies the standards set forth in Nasdaq Rule 5605(e)(3) for non-independent committee members and is in the best interest of us and our stockholders due to Mr. Beer s significant leadership background and industry experience. The Board also determined that each member of the Audit Committee also meets the additional independence criteria set forth in Rule 10A-3(b)(1) under the Exchange Act. 
 Meetings of our Board of Directors and Committees 
 Our Board is responsible for the oversight of our management and strategy and for establishing corporate policies. Our Board meets periodically during the year to review significant developments affecting us and to act on matters requiring Board approval. Our Board met five times during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. With respect to our Board committees, during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, the Audit Committee met three times, the Compensation Committee met four times and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee met once. Each then-serving director attended 75 or more of the meetings of our Board and of each committee on which he or she served during fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. In accordance with our Corporate Governance Guidelines, our directors are encouraged, but not required, to attend each annual meeting of stockholders. 
 Executive sessions, which are meetings of the non-management members of the Board, are regularly scheduled throughout the year. In addition, at least twice a year, the independent directors meet in a private session that excludes management and any 
 73 
 
 non-independent directors. The lead independent director presides at each of these meetings and, in their absence, the non-management and independent directors in attendance, as applicable, determine which member will preside at such session. 
 Below is a description of the Audit Committee, Compensation Committee and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. The written charters of the committees are available on the Governance section of our investor relations website at ir.biote.com . 
 Audit Committee 
 The Audit Committee consists of Messrs. Andrew Heyer and Steven Heyer and Mses. Jacoby and Morris, with Mr. Andrew Heyer serving as chairperson. Our Board has determined that Mr. Andrew Heyer qualifies as our audit committee financial expert, as that term is defined in Item 407(d)(5) of Regulation S-K. The principal functions of the Audit Committee include, among other things: 
 assisting Board oversight of (1) the integrity of our financial statements, (2) our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, (3) our independent registered public accounting firm s qualifications and independence, and (4) the performance of our internal audit function and independent registered public accounting firm; the appointment, compensation, retention, replacement, and oversight of the work of the independent auditors and any other independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us; 

pre-approving all audit and non-audit services to be provided by the independent auditors or any other registered public accounting firm engaged by us, and establishing pre-approval policies and procedures; reviewing and discussing with the independent registered public accounting firm all relationships the auditors have with us in order to evaluate their continued independence; 

setting clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations; obtaining and reviewing a report, at least annually, from the independent registered public accounting firm describing (1) the independent registered public accounting firm s internal quality-control procedures and (2) any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control review, or peer review, of the audit firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities, within the preceding five years respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken to deal with such issues; 

meeting to review and discuss our annual audited financial statements and quarterly financial statements with management and the independent auditor, including reviewing our specific disclosures under Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations reviewing and approving any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K prior to us entering into such transaction; and 

reviewing with management, the independent auditor, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal, regulatory or compliance matters, including any correspondence with regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published reports that raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting standards or rules promulgated by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. 

Compensation Committee 
 The Compensation Committee consists of Ms. Jacoby and Messrs. Cone and Andrew Heyer, with Ms. Jacoby serving as the chairperson. The principal functions of the Compensation Committee include, among other things: 
 reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer s compensation evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation; 

reviewing and making recommendations to our Board with respect to the compensation, and any incentive compensation and equity-based plans that are subject to Board approval of all of our other officers; 

reviewing our executive compensation policies and plans; 

implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; 

assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; 

approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our officers and employees; 

producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and 

reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 

74 
 
 Compensation Committee Processes and Procedures 
 The Compensation Committee generally meets quarterly, and with greater frequency if necessary. The Compensation Committee also acts periodically by unanimous written consent in lieu of a formal meeting. The agenda for each meeting of the Compensation Committee is usually developed by the chairperson of the Compensation Committee, in consultation with management. The Compensation Committee meets regularly in executive session. However, from time to time, various members of management and other employees as well as outside advisors or consultants may be invited by the Compensation Committee to make presentations, to provide financial or other background information or advice or to otherwise participate in Compensation Committee meetings. Our Chief Executive Officer may not participate in, or be present during, any deliberations or determinations of the Compensation Committee regarding their compensation. 
 The charter of the Compensation Committee grants the Compensation Committee full access to all books, records, facilities and personnel of Biote. In addition, under the charter, the Compensation Committee has the authority to obtain, at our expense, advice and assistance from compensation consultants and internal and external legal, accounting or other advisors and other external resources that the Compensation Committee considers necessary or appropriate in the performance of its duties. The Compensation Committee has direct responsibility for the oversight of the work of any consultants or advisers engaged for the purpose of advising the Compensation Committee. In particular, the Compensation Committee has the authority to retain compensation consultants to assist in its evaluation of executive and director compensation, including the authority to approve the consultant s reasonable fees and other retention terms. 
 During the past fiscal year, after taking into consideration the six factors prescribed by the SEC and Nasdaq that bear upon an adviser s independence, the Compensation Committee engaged Aon s Human Capital Solutions practice, a division of Aon plc Aon as a Compensation Consultant. The Compensation Committee requested that Aon: 
 provided competitive market data based on the compensation peer group for our executive officer positions, as well as broader technology company survey data, and evaluated how the compensation we pay our executive officers compares both to our performance and to how the companies in our compensation peer group and broader technology industry compensate their executives; and 

provided guidance on other compensation topics including, equity design and programs, burn rates and overhang levels, initial public offering equity compensation plans, and ad hoc market data and practices. 

As part of its engagement, Aon was requested by the Compensation Committee to develop a comparative group of companies and to perform analyses of competitive performance and compensation levels for that group. Aon ultimately developed recommendations that were presented to the Compensation Committee for its consideration. 
 Generally, the Compensation Committee s process for determining executive compensation comprises two related elements: the determination of compensation levels and the establishment of performance objectives for the current year. For executives other than our Chief Executive Officer, the Compensation Committee solicits and considers evaluations and recommendations submitted to the committee by our Chief Executive Officer. The evaluation of our Chief Executive Officer s performance is conducted by the Compensation Committee, which determines any adjustments to our Chief Executive Officer s compensation as well as awards to be granted. For all executives and directors, as part of its deliberations, the Compensation Committee may review and consider, as appropriate, materials such as financial reports and projections, operational data, executive and director stock ownership information, company stock performance data, analyses of historical executive compensation levels and current company-wide compensation levels and recommendations of the Compensation Committee s compensation consultant, including analyses of executive and director compensation paid at other companies identified by the consultant. 
 Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee 
 The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee consists of Messrs. Steven Heyer and Beer and Dr. Cone, with Mr. Steven Heyer serving as the chairperson. The principal functions of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee include, among other things: 
 screening and reviewing individuals qualified to serve as directors, consistent with criteria approved by our Board, and recommending to our Board of Director candidates for nomination for election at annual meetings of stockholders or to fill vacancies on our Board; 

developing and recommending to our Board and overseeing implementation of our Corporate Governance Guidelines; 

coordinating and overseeing the annual self-evaluation of the Board of Directors, its committees, individual directors and management in the governance of the Company; and 

reviewing on a regular basis our overall corporate governance and recommending improvements as and when necessary. 

75 
 
 Criteria for Board Membership 
 The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee is responsible for assessing the appropriate balance of experience, skills and other characteristics required of our directors. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee believes that candidates for director should have certain minimum qualifications, including the highest personal integrity and ethics, the ability to read and understand basic financial statements and being older than 21. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee also intends to consider such factors as possessing relevant expertise upon which to be able to offer advice and guidance to management, having sufficient time to devote to our affairs, demonstrated excellence in their field, having the ability to exercise sound business judgment, experience as a member of a board of directors or as an executive officer of another publicly held company, having a diverse personal background, perspective and experience, and having the commitment to rigorously represent the long-term interests of our stockholders. In conducting this assessment, although the Board does not have a formal policy specifying how diversity of background and personal experience should be applied in identifying or evaluating director candidates, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee considers diversity (including gender, ethnic background and country of origin), age, skills and other factors as it deems appropriate, given the current needs of our Board and our business, to maintain a balance of knowledge, experience and capability. These qualifications may be modified from time to time. Candidates for director nominees are reviewed in the context of the current composition of our Board, our operating requirements and the long-term interests of our stockholders. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee uses the same selection criteria regardless of whether the candidate has been recommended by a stockholder or identified by our Board. When evaluating a candidate for our Board, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee does not assign specific weight to any of these factors, nor does the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee believe that all of the criteria must necessarily apply to every candidate. At minimum, a director s qualifications and attributes, in light of the above-mentioned criteria, are considered each time the director is nominated or re-nominated for Board membership. 
 In the case of incumbent directors whose terms of office are set to expire, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee reviews these directors overall service to Biote during their terms, including the number of meetings attended, level of participation, quality of performance and any other relationships and transactions that might impair the directors independence. In the case of new director candidates, our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee also evaluates whether the nominee is independent for Nasdaq purposes, based upon applicable Nasdaq listing standards, applicable SEC rules and regulations and the advice of counsel, if necessary. Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee conducts any appropriate and necessary inquiries into the backgrounds and qualifications of possible candidates after considering the function and needs of our Board. Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee meets to discuss and consider the candidates qualifications and then selects a nominee for recommendation to our Board. 
 Stockholder Recommendations 
 The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee will consider written recommendations from stockholders for director candidates. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee considers persons recommended by our stockholders in the same manner as a nominee recommended by our Board members, management or a third-party executive search firm in accordance with the criteria described above. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee evaluates candidates recommended by stockholders using the same criteria it applies to evaluate other candidates. Stockholders who wish to recommend a director candidate should submit the candidate s name and background information in writing to our Secretary at 1875 W. Walnut Hill Ln #100, Irving, Texas 75038. Nominating stockholders and nominees must satisfy the requirements set forth in our Bylaws. Any notice of director nomination submitted to Biote must comply with the requirements of 14a-19(b) under the Exchange Act. 
 Board Leadership Structure 
 Our Bylaws provide our Board with the flexibility to combine or separate the positions of chairperson of the Board and Chief Executive Officer to reflect our evolving needs and strategy, changes in our Board s composition and leadership needs, as well as other factors, including the views of our stockholders and other stakeholders. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines specify that our Board will select our Chief Executive Officer and chairperson of our Board in the manner that it determines to be in the best interests of our stockholders. We do not believe there should be a fixed rule regarding the positions of Chief Executive Officer and chairperson being held by different individuals, or whether the chairperson should be an employee of the Company or should be elected from among the non-employee directors. The needs of the Company and the individuals available to assume these roles may require different outcomes at different times, and our Board believes that retaining flexibility in these decisions is in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders. 
 Pursuant to its charter, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee periodically reviews this matter and make recommendations to our Board. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee has recommended, and our Board of directors has determined, that the roles of Chief Executive Officer and chairperson of our Board of directors should be separate. The role of chairperson is currently held by Mr. Beer, a non-employee director. 
 Role of the Board in Risk Oversight 
 A key function of our Board is informed oversight of our risk management process. In particular, our Board is responsible for monitoring and assessing strategic risk exposure, including a determination of the nature and level of risk appropriate for the 
 76 
 
 Company. Our Board does not have a standing risk management committee, but rather administers this oversight function directly through our Board as a whole, as well as through various standing committees of our Board that address risks inherent in their respective areas of oversight. Our Board and its committees consider specific risk topics, including risks associated with our strategic plan, business operations, capital structure, information technology, data privacy and cyber security. It is the responsibility of the committee chairpersons to report findings regarding material risk exposures to our Board as quickly as possible. 
 Our Audit Committee has the responsibility to consider and discuss with management and the auditors, as appropriate, our guidelines and policies with respect to financial risk management and financial risk assessment, including our major financial risk exposures and the steps taken by management to monitor and control these exposures. Areas of focus for our Audit Committee include our policies and other matters relating to our investments, cash management and foreign exchange management, major financial risk exposures, the adequacy and effectiveness of our information security policies and practices and the internal controls regarding information security, and the steps taken by management to monitor and mitigate or otherwise control these exposures and to identify future risks. Our Compensation Committee assesses and monitors whether any of our compensation policies and programs has the potential to encourage excessive risk-taking, including risks related to executive compensation and overall compensation and benefit strategies, plans, arrangements, practices and policies. Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee monitors the effectiveness of our Corporate Governance Guidelines, including whether they are successful in preventing illegal or improper liability-creating conduct. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee also oversees and reviews with management our major legal compliance risk exposures and the steps management has taken to monitor or mitigate such exposures. 
 In connection with its reviews of our business operations and corporate functions, our Board addresses the primary risks associated with those operations and corporate functions. In addition, our Board reviews the risks associated with our business strategies periodically throughout the year as part of its consideration of undertaking any such business strategies. While our Board and its committees oversee risk management strategy, management is responsible for implementing and supervising day-to-day risk management processes and reporting to our Board and its committees on such matters. 
 Family Relationships 
 There are no family relationships among any of our executive officers or directors with the exception of Mr. Steven Heyer and Mr. Andrew Heyer, who are brothers. 
 Communications with The Board of Directors 
 Our relationship with our stockholders is an important part of our corporate governance program. Engaging with stockholders helps us to understand how they view us, to set goals and expectations for our performance, and to identify emerging issues that may affect our strategies, corporate governance, compensation practices or other aspects of our operations. Our stockholder and investor outreach includes investor road shows, analyst meetings, and investor conferences and meetings. We also communicate with our stockholders and other stakeholders through various media, including our annual report and SEC filings, proxy statement, news releases and our website. Our webcasts for quarterly earnings releases are open to all. These webcasts are available in real time and are archived on our website for a period of time. 
 Any interested person may communicate directly with the presiding director or the non-management or independent directors as a group. Persons interested in communicating directly with the independent or non-management directors regarding their concerns or issues may do so by addressing written correspondence to a particular director, or to the independent or non-management directors generally, in care of 1875 W. Walnut Hill Ln #100, Irving, Texas 75038, Attention: Secretary . If no particular director is named, letters will be forwarded, depending upon the subject matter, to the chairperson of the Audit Committee, Compensation Committee, or Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, as applicable. 
 Code of Conduct and Ethics 
 We have adopted a code of ethics (the Code of Ethics applicable to our directors, executive officers and employees that complies with the rules and regulations of Nasdaq, which is available on the Governance section of our investor relations website at ir.biote.com . In addition, we intend to post on our website all disclosures that are required by law or the Nasdaq listing standards concerning any amendments to, or waivers from, any provision of the Code of Ethics. 
 Corporate Governance Guidelines 
 The Board adopted the biote Corp. Corporate Governance Guidelines (the Corporate Governance Guidelines for the conduct and operation of the Board in order to give our directors a flexible framework for effectively pursuing our objectives for the benefit of our stockholders. The Corporate Governance Guidelines set forth the practices the Board intends to follow with respect to Board composition and selection, Board meetings and involvement of senior management, Chief Executive Officer performance evaluation and management succession planning and Board committees and compensation. The Corporate Governance Guidelines available on the Governance section of our investor relations website at ir.biote.com . 
 77 
 
 Hedging Policy 
 The Board has adopted the biote Corp. Insider Trading Policy (the Insider Trading Policy ), which prohibits hedging or monetization transactions with respect to our Common Stock, including through the use of financial instruments such as prepaid variable forwards, equity swaps, collars, and exchange funds. In addition, the Insider Trading Policy prohibits trading in derivative securities related to our Common Stock, which include publicly traded call and put options, engaging in short selling of our Common Stock, purchasing our Common Stock on margin or holding it in a margin account and pledging our shares as collateral for a loan. 
 It em 11. Executive Compensation. 
 Overview 
 We have opted to comply with the executive compensation disclosure rules applicable to emerging growth companies, as the Company is an emerging growth company. The scaled down disclosure rules require compensation disclosure for our principal executive officer and its two most highly compensated executive officers other than the principal executive officer whose total compensation for 2022 exceeded 100,000 and who were serving as executive officers as of December 31, 2022. We refer to these individuals as named executive officers. For 2022, our named executive officers were: 
 Teresa S. Weber, Biote s Chief Executive Officer; 

Samar Kamdar, Chief Financial Officer; and 

Mary Elizabeth Conlon, Vice President, Business Development General Counsel. 

Summary Compensation Table 
 The following table sets forth information for each of the last two completed fiscal years regarding compensation awarded to or earned by our Chief Executive Officer and the two other most highly compensated executive officers, or collectively, the named executive officers, during the fiscal years indicated: 

Name and Principal Position 
 
 Year 
 
 Salary (1) 

Stock Awards (2) ) 

Option Awards (2) ) 

Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation (5) ) 

All Other Compensation (3) ) 

Total ) 

Teresa S. Weber 
 
 2022 

541,392 

340,160 

2,689,432 

3,158,852 
 
 (4) 

6,729,835 

Chief Executive Officer 
 
 2021 

1,472,530 

1,799 
 
 (8) 
 
 1,474,329 

Samar Kamdar (6) 
 
 2022 

118,462 

595,945 

44,940 

3,556 

762,890 

Chief Financial Officer 
 
 2021 

Mary Elizabeth Conlon (7) 
 
 2022 

355,038 

291,212 

110,811 

9,150 

766,211 

Vice President, Business Development General Counsel 
 
 2021 

167,308 

1,436,555 

35,000 

2,423 

1,641,286 

(1) Salary amounts represent actual amounts earned during the applicable year. See Narrative to the Summary Compensation Table Annual Base Salary below. 
 (2) Amounts represent the aggregate grant date fair value of the awards granted to our named executive officers during the years indicated as computed in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718 ASC 718 ). For additional information on these awards, please see Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End. 
 (3) The amounts in this column represent Biote s matching contributions to the named executive officer s 401(k) plan. 
 (4) Amount includes 2,808,342 of performance-based cash bonuses awarded to Ms. Weber during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 in connection with the Closing of the Business Combination. 
 (5) Amounts reflect target performance-based cash bonuses awarded to our named executive officers. 
 (6) Mr. Kamdar was appointed as the Company s Chief Financial Officer, effective August 24, 2022. Amounts in the table reflect actual compensation awarded to Mr. Kamdar and are not annualized. 
 (7) Ms. Conlon was appointed as the Company s Vice President, Business Development General Counsel in June 2021. Amounts in the table reflect actual compensation awarded to Ms. Conlon and are not annualized. 
 (8) For Ms. Weber, the amounts in this column also include reimbursements for participation in certain professional association activities incurred for our year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Narrative to the Summary Compensation Table 
 Annual Base Salary 
 Our named executive officers receive a base salary to compensate them for services rendered to us. The base salary payable to each named executive officer is intended to provide a fixed component of compensation reflecting the executive s skill set, 
 78 
 
 experience, role and responsibilities. None of our named executive officers is currently party to an employment agreement or other agreement or arrangement that provides for automatic or scheduled increases in base salary. See Employment Arrangements for additional information. 
 The following table sets forth the annual base salaries for our named executive officers for 2021 and 2022. 

Name 
 
 2021 Base Salary ) 

2022 Base Salary ) 

Teresa S. Weber 

400,000 

575,000 

Samar Kamdar (1) 
 
 N/A 

350,000 

Mary Elizabeth Conlon (2) 

300,000 

395,400 

(1) Mr. Kamdar was appointed as the Company s Chief Financial Officer, effective August 24, 2022. The base salary reflected for Mr. Kamdar represents his annualized salary. 
 (2) Ms. Conlon was appointed as the Company s Vice President, Business Development General Counsel in June 2021. 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation 
 We seek to motivate and reward our executives for achievements relative to our corporate goals and expectations for each fiscal year. In accordance with the terms of their respective employment agreements, our named executive officers are eligible to receive discretionary annual bonuses of up to a percentage of each executive s gross base salary based on individual performance, company performance or as otherwise determined appropriate, as determined by the Compensation Committee of the Board. 
 The Board previously approved specified company and individual performance metrics for annual bonuses for our executives for fiscal 2022 as well as target bonuses for certain executives of the Company. Mr. Kamdar was eligible to receive a pro-rated bonus award for the portion of 2022 during which he was employed by us. The Compensation Committee has reviewed the Company s fiscal year 2022 corporate performance, reflecting a 100 achievement of the 2022 Corporate Goals, and deemed it advisable to approve a bonus pool in the amount of 87,109 for non-executive employees, based on the 2022 Corporate Goals Achievement, for the payment of 2022 cash performance bonuses to non-executive employees of the Company. 
 The following table sets forth the bonus amounts for our named executive officers for 2022. 

Name 
 
 2022 Bonus Amount 

Teresa S. Weber (1) 

3,158,852 

Samar Kamdar (2) 

4,940 

Mary Elizabeth Conlon 

110,811 

(1) Amount includes 2,808,342 of performance-based cash bonuses awarded to Ms. Weber during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 in connection with the Closing of the Business Combination. 
 (2) Mr. Kamdar was appointed as the Company s Chief Financial Officer, effective August 24, 2022. 
 Equity-Based Incentive Awards 
 Our equity-based incentive awards granted to our named executive officers are designed to align our interests and those of our stockholders with those of our employees and consultants, including our executive officers. As of the date of this Annual Report, stock awards and stock option awards were the only form of equity awards we have granted to any of our executive officers. 
 We use stock options as an incentive for long-term compensation to our executive officers because the stock options allow our executive officers to profit from this form of equity compensation only if our stock price increases relative to the stock option s exercise price, which exercise price is set at the fair market value of our Common Stock on the date of grant. Vesting of equity awards is generally tied to each officer s continuous service with us and serves as an additional retention measure. We may grant equity awards at such times as the Board or Compensation Committee determines appropriate. Our executives generally are awarded an initial grant in the form of a stock option award in connection with their commencement of employment with us. Additional grants may occur periodically in order to specifically incentivize executives with respect to achieving certain corporate goals or to reward executives for exceptional performance. 
 As of the date of this Annual Report, we have granted all stock options pursuant to our 2022 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 All options are granted with an exercise price per share that is no less than the fair market value of our Common Stock on the date of grant of such award. Our stock option awards generally vest over a four-year period and may be subject to acceleration of vesting and exercisability under certain termination and change in control events. See Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End. 
 79 
 
 Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 
 The following table presents information regarding outstanding equity awards held by our named executive officers as of December 31, 2022. All awards were granted pursuant to the Incentive Plan. 

Option Awards 
 
 Stock Awards 

Name 
 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable 

Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Unexercisable 

Option Exercise Price (1) ) 

Option Expiration Date 
 
 Number of Shares or Units of Stock that Have Not Vested (#) 

Market Value of Shares or Units of Stock that Have Not Vested (2) ) 

Teresa S. Weber 

1,137,430 
 
 (3) 
 
 4.00 

9/14/2032 

85,040 

317,199 

Samar Kamdar (4) 

250,000 
 
 (3) 
 
 4.00 

9/14/2032 

Mary Elizabeth Conlon 

123,161 
 
 (3) 
 
 4.00 

9/14/2032 

63,606 

237,250 

(1) All of the option awards listed in the table were granted with an exercise price per share that is no less than the fair market value of our Class A common stock on the date of grant of such award, as determined in good faith by the Board. 
 (2) The market value of unvested shares is calculated by multiplying the number of unvested shares by the closing market price of our Class A common stock on Nasdaq on December 30, 2022, the last trading day of the year, which was 3.73 per share. 
 (3) 50 of the shares vest on the second-year anniversary of the vesting commencement date, with the remainder of the shares vesting in 24 equal monthly installments thereafter, subject to the recipient s continuous service through each applicable vesting date. 
 (4) Mr. Kamdar was appointed as the Company s Chief Financial Officer, effective August 24, 2022. 
 See Potential Payments and Benefits upon Termination or Change of Control for a description of vesting acceleration applicable to stock options held by our named executive officers. 
 We may in the future, on an annual basis or otherwise, grant additional equity awards to our executive officers pursuant to our Incentive Plans. 
 Benefits and Perquisites 
 We provide benefits to our named executive officers on the same basis as provided to all of our employees, including health, dental and vision insurance; life insurance; accidental death and dismemberment insurance; employee assistance program; life planning, financial and legal resources; and worldwide emergency travel assistance. We do not maintain any executive-specific benefit or executive perquisite programs other than as provided in the agreements described in the section immediately below. 
 Other than the director and officer insurance coverage we maintain for our directors and officers, we do not maintain any executive-specific health and welfare benefit or perquisites. 
 Health and Welfare Benefits and Perquisites 
 We provide benefits to our named executive officers on the same basis as provided to all of our employees, including: health, dental and vision insurance; life insurance; accidental death and dismemberment insurance; life planning financial and legal resources; and worldwide emergency travel assistance. 
 401(k) Plan 
 Biote s named executive officers are eligible to participate in a defined contribution retirement plan that provides eligible U.S. employees with an opportunity to save for retirement on a tax advantaged basis. Eligible employees may contribute a portion of their annual compensation to the 401(k) Plan, subject to the maximum annual amounts as set periodically by the IRS. The Company makes a safe harbor, non-elective contribution to the 401(k) Plan equal to 3 of each participant s eligible employee compensation. Safe harbor contributions vest immediately for each participant. 
 Employment and Other Arrangements 
 Below are descriptions of our employment agreements and arrangements with our named executive officers. The agreements generally provide for at-will employment without any specific term and set forth the named executive officer s initial base salary and annual target bonus. Each named executive officer is also eligible to participate in all employee benefit plans that are generally available to our employees. Furthermore, each of our named executive officers has executed our standard employee confidential information and invention assignment agreement, which includes, among other things, non-solicitation and non-competition provisions. 
 Teresa S. Weber 
 Biote Medical entered into a services agreement with Ms. Weber effective as of May 26, 2022. Ms. Weber s services agreement provides that she will serve as the Chief Executive Officer of Biote and BioTE Management, LLC, and as a member of the Board, receive an annual base salary of 575,000 and be eligible for a discretionary annual cash bonus, with a target of 100 of base salary based on annual performance standards to be established and determined by Biote in its sole discretion. 
 80 
 
 In addition, Ms. Weber s services agreement provides for severance benefits upon an involuntary termination. Ms. Weber s amended and restated employment agreement provides that if Ms. Weber s employment is terminated without cause or with good reason she shall receive (a) continuation of her then-current base salary plus (b) payment of monthly COBRA premiums for continuation coverage under her medical, dental and life insurance plans coverage (if any) as in effect on the day prior to the effective date of her termination, for a period of 18 months if such termination is in connection with a change in control event, or 12 months if such termination is not in connection with a change in control event. In addition, in the event such termination is in connection with a change in control event, Ms. Weber shall also receive a monthly payment in an amount equal to 1/12th of her then-current target bonus for a period of 18 months. Such payments are contingent on Ms. Weber s execution and nonrevocation of an effective written release of claims and the COBRA premium payments shall cease in the event Ms. Weber (i) becomes eligible for substantially equivalent health insurance coverage in connection with new employment or self-employment or (ii) ceases to be eligible for COBRA continuation coverage. 
 Samar Kamdar 
 On July 15, 2022, Biote Medical entered into an employment agreement with Samar Kamdar, which was amended on August 24, 2022. The employment agreement provides for Mr. Kamdar s at-will employment as the Chief Financial Officer for a term commencing on August 24, 2022 and continuing until terminated by either the Company or Mr. Kamdar. Under the terms of the Employment Agreement, Mr. Kamdar will be entitled to: (i) an annualized base salary of 350,000 per year; (ii) an annual bonus of up to 40 of his base salary; (iii) an initial grant of 250,000 stock options pursuant to the Company s Incentive Plan and eligibility to participate in the Incentive Plan; and (iv) eligibility to participate in the Company s employee benefit plans and programs in accordance with the terms and conditions of the applicable plans and programs. 
 In addition, Mr. Kamdar s employment agreement provides that if Mr. Kamdar s employment is terminated without cause or with good reason he shall receive (i) continuation of his then-current base salary plus (ii) payment of monthly COBRA premiums for continuation coverage under his medical, dental and life insurance plans coverage (if any) as in effect on the day prior to the effective date of his termination, for a period of 12 months if such termination is in connection with a change in control event, or 9 months if such termination is not in connection with a change in control event. In addition, in the event such termination is in connection with a change in control event, Mr. Kamdar shall also receive a monthly payment an amount equal to 1/12th of his then-current target bonus for a period of 12 months. Such payments are contingent on Mr. Kamdar s execution and nonrevocation of an effective written release of claims and the COBRA premium payments shall cease in the event Mr. Kamdar (i) becomes eligible for substantially equivalent health insurance coverage in connection with new employment or self-employment or (ii) ceases to be eligible for COBRA continuation coverage. Biote has also entered into an indemnification agreement with Mr. Kamdar on the same terms as it has with its other directors and executive officers. 
 Mary Elizabeth Conlon 
 On May 31, 2022, Biote Medical entered into an employment agreement with Mary Elizabeth Conlon, effective as of May 26, 2022. Ms. Conlon s employment agreement provides that she will serve as Biote s Vice President, Business Development General Counsel, receive an annual base salary of 395,400 and be eligible for a discretionary annual cash bonus, with a target of 40 of base salary based on annual performance standards to be established and determined by Biote in its sole discretion. 
 In addition, Ms. Conlon s employment agreement provides that if Ms. Conlon s employment is terminated without cause or with good reason she shall receive (a) continuation of her then-current base salary plus (b) payment of monthly COBRA premiums for continuation coverage under her medical, dental and life insurance plans coverage (if any) as in effect on the day prior to the effective date of her termination, for a period of 12 months if such termination is in connection with a change in control event, or 9 months if such termination is not in connection with a change in control event. In addition, in the event such termination is in connection with a change in control event, Ms. Conlon shall also receive a monthly payment an amount equal to 1/12th of her then-current target bonus for a period of 12 months. Such payments are contingent on Ms. Conlon s execution and nonrevocation of an effective written release of claims and the COBRA premium payments shall cease in the event Ms. Conlon (i) becomes eligible for substantially equivalent health insurance coverage in connection with new employment or self-employment or (ii) ceases to be eligible for COBRA continuation coverage. Biote has also entered into an indemnification agreement with Ms. Conlon on the same terms as it has with its other directors and executive officers. 
 Marc Beer 
 Biote Medical entered into an executive chair agreement with Mr. Beer effective as of May 26, 2022, providing for Mr. Beer to serve as Biote s Executive Chairman of the Board, receive a cash fee of 242,000 and be eligible for a discretionary annual cash bonus, with a target of 100 of cash fee based on financial performance standards of the Company to be established and determined by Biote in its sole discretion. 
 Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control 
 The employment agreements for our named executive officers provide for severance and change in control benefits as described above under Employment Arrangements. 
 81 
 
 Equity Benefit Plans 
 Equity-based compensation has been and will continue to be an important foundation in executive compensation packages as Biote believes it is important to maintain a strong link between executive incentives and the creation of stockholder value. Biote believes that performance and equity-based compensation can be an important component of the total executive compensation package for maximizing stockholder value while, at the same time, attracting, motivating and retaining high-quality executives. 
 It em 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 The following table sets forth information with respect to the beneficial ownership of our shares as of March 15, 2023 by: 
 each of our named executive officers 

each of our directors 

all of our current directors and executive officers as a group and 

each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our Common Stock. 

We have determined beneficial ownership in accordance with the rules and regulations of the SEC and the information is not necessarily indicative of beneficial ownership for any other purpose. This table is based upon information supplied by officers, directors and principal stockholders and Schedules 13G or 13D filed with the SEC. Except as indicated by the footnotes below, we believe, based on information furnished to us, that the persons and entities named in the table below have sole voting and sole investment power with respect to all shares that they beneficially own, subject to applicable community property laws. 
 Applicable percentage ownership is based on 70,320,563 shares of Common Stock outstanding as of March 15, 2023, which includes 10,000,000 Earnout Voting Shares and 1,587,400 Sponsor Earnout Shares. In computing the number of shares beneficially owned by a person and the percentage ownership of such person, we deemed to be outstanding all shares subject to options held by the person that are currently exercisable, or exercisable or would vest based on service-based vesting conditions within 60 days of March 15, 2023. However, except as described above, we did not deem such shares outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. 

Name of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 
 Number of Shares 

Percentage of Shares 

Directors and Executive Officers: 

Steven J. Heyer (2) 

2,191,962 

3.1 

Andrew R. Heyer (3) 

3,730,329 

5.2 

Dana Jacoby (4) 

33,317 

Marc D. Beer (5) 

2,967,092 

4.2 

S. Mark Cone (6) 

116,667 

Debra L. Morris (7) 

40,565 

Teresa S. Weber (8) 

2,967,092 

4.2 

Samar Kamdar 

13,000 

Mary Elizabeth Conlon (9) 

133,269 

All directors and executive officers as a group (9 individuals) 

12,193,293 

16.6 

Greater than Five Percent Holders: 

Dr. Gary S. Donovitz (10) 

23,343,672 

33.2 

Donovitz Family Irrevocable Trust (11) 

18,072,607 

25.7 

Boston Partners (12) 

988,528 

1.4 

Roystone Entities (13) 

3,520,951 

5.0 

Less than 1 . 
 (1) Unless otherwise stated, the business address of each of these entities or individuals is 1875 W Walnut Hill Ln #100, Irving, TX 75038, United States. 

(2) Consists of (i) 729,856 shares of Class A common stock (which includes 126,132 Sponsor Earnout Shares), (ii) 1,442,737 Private Placement Warrants and (iii) 19,369 shares of Class A common stock issuable upon the exercise of options within 60 days of March 15, 2023. 

(3) Consists of (i) (a) 1,473,513 shares of Class A common stock (which includes 237,369 Sponsor Earnout Shares), (b) 957,568 Private Placement Warrants and (c) 19,369 shares of Class A common stock issuable upon the exercise of options within 60 days of March 15, 2023 held by Mr. Andrew Heyer, (ii) (a) 345,201 shares of Class A common stock (which includes 42,375 Sponsor Earnout Shares) and (b) 204,281 Private Placement Warrants held by Heyer Investment 

82 
 
 Management, LLC, (iii) (a) 61,298 shares of Class A common stock (which includes 10,593 Sponsor Earnout Shares) and (b) 51,070 Private Placement Warrants held by Harris Reid Heyer Trust, (iv) (a) 61,298 shares of Class A common stock (which includes 10,593 Sponsor Earnout Shares) and (b) 51,070 Private Placement Warrants held by James Heyer Trust, (v) (a) 61,298 shares of Class A common stock (which includes 10,593 Sponsor Earnout Shares) and (b) 51,070 Private Placement Warrants held by Peter Justin Heyer Trust, (vi) (a) 61,298 shares of Class A common stock (which includes 10,593 Sponsor Earnout Shares) and (b) 51,070 Private Placement Warrants held by William Heyer Trust, and (vii) (a) 153,250 shares of Class A common stock (which includes 26,484 Sponsor Earnout Shares) and (b) 127,675 Private Placement Warrants held by the Mindy B. Heyer 2021 Grantor Retained Annuity Trust. Mr. Andrew Heyer is (i) a trustee of each of Harris Reid Heyer Trust, James Heyer Trust, Peter Justin Heyer Trust, and William Heyer Trust and (ii) the managing member of Heyer Investment Management, LLC, and has voting and dispositive power of the securities held by such entities. Accordingly, Mr. Andrew Heyer may be deemed to have or share beneficial ownership of such securities. In addition, Mr. Andrew Heyer s spouse is the sole trustee, grantor and recipient of annuity payments of the Mindy B. Heyer 2021 Grantor Retained Annuity Trust. Mr. Andrew Heyer disclaims beneficial ownership of the securities held by the Mindy B. Heyer 2021 Grantor Retained Annuity Trust, and the filing of this report should not be deemed an admission that Mr. Andrew Heyer is the beneficial owner of such securities. 

(4) Consists of (i) 23,473 shares of Class A common stock and (ii) 9,844 restricted stock units RSUs vesting within 60 days of March 15, 2023. 

(5) Consists of 2,967,092 shares of Class A common stock underlying Class V voting stock (which includes 654,387 Earnout Voting Shares). 

(6) Consists of (i) 106,823 shares of Class A common stock and (ii) 9,844 RSUs vesting within 60 days of March 15, 2023. 

(7) Consists of (i) 30,000 shares of Class A common stock and (ii) 10,565 shares of Class A common stock issuable upon the exercise of options within 60 days of March 15, 2023. Ms. Morris was appointed as a member of the Board on November 3, 2022. All information regarding compensation and awards in this section reflects the compensation of Ms. Morris as a director from and after November 3, 2022. 

(8) Consists of 2,967,092 shares of Class A common stock underlying Class V voting stock (which includes 654,387 Earnout Voting Shares). 

(9) Consists of (i) 93,894 shares of Class A common stock and (ii) 39,375 RSUs vesting within 60 days of March 15, 2023. 

(10) Consists of: (i) 848,726 shares of Class A common stock underlying Class V common stock (which includes 144,918 Earnout Voting Shares) held by BioTE Management, LLC, of which Dr. Donovitz is the sole member; and (ii) 22,494,946 shares of Class A common stock underlying Class V common stock (which includes 3,840,969 Earnout Voting Shares) held by the Gary S. Donovitz 2012 Irrevocable Trust (formerly Marci M. Donovitz Trust), of which Dr. Donovitz is the trustee. Dr. Donovitz exercises sole voting and dispositive power over the shares held by the trust. 

(11) Consists of 18,072,607 shares of Class A common stock underlying Class V common stock (which includes 3,985,887 Earnout Voting Shares) held by the Donovitz Family Irrevocable Trust, of which Marci Donovitz is the trustee and beneficial owner. The business address of the Donovitz Family Irrevocable Trust is Synergy Wealth Partners, 600 N Shepherd Drive, Suite 200, Houston, TX 77007. 

(12) Information based on the Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 7, 2023. The shares of Class A common stock beneficially owned by Boston Partners, represent approximately 5.0 of the outstanding shares of Class A common stock. The business address of Boston Partners is One Beacon Street, 30th Floor, Boston, MA 02108. 

(13) Information based on the Schedule 13G, Form 3 and Form 4 filed with the SEC on February 17, 2023, which report beneficial ownership for each of: (i) Roystone Capital Management LP Roystone Management ); (ii) Roystone Capital Holdings LLC Roystone Capital ); (iii) Guines LLC and (iv) Richard Barrerra (together with Roystone Management, Roystone Capital and Guines LLC, the Roystone Entities ). These filings indicate that (i) Guines LLC holds (a) 3,088,896 shares of Class A common stock (which includes 117,330 Sponsor Earnout Shares) and (b) 432,055 Private Placement Warrants, (ii) each of the entities or individuals listed above has shared power to vote and dispose of such shares of Class A common stock or Private Placement Warrants and (iii) none of the entities or individuals listed above has sole power to vote or dispose of such shares of Class A common stock or Private Placement Warrants. The shares of Class A common stock and the shares of Class A common stock underlying the Private Placement Warrants beneficially owned by the Roystone Entities, in the aggregate, represent approximately 17.5 of the outstanding shares of Class A common stock. The business address of the Roystone Entities is 767 Third Avenue, 29th Floor, New York, NY 10017. 

Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 
 Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our directors and executive officers, and persons who own more than 10 percent of a registered class of the Company s equity securities, to file with the SEC initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in 
 83 
 
 ownership of common shares and other equity securities of the Company. Officers, directors and greater than 10 percent shareholders are required by SEC regulation to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. 
 To our knowledge, based on a review of the copies of such reports furnished to us and written representations that no other reports were required, during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, we believe all Section 16(a) filing requirements applicable to our officers, directors and greater than 10 percent beneficial owners were complied with, except that the following reports were filed late due to administrative oversight: (i) a Form 3 was inadvertently filed late for Mr. Kamdar and Ms. Morris, respectively and (ii) one Form 4 related to vesting of phantom stock was filed late on behalf of Dr. Cone and Ms. Conlon, respectively and two Form 4s related to vesting of phantom stock were filed late for Ms. Jacoby. Dr. Gary Donovitz, who beneficially owns more than 10 of the outstanding shares of Class A common stock, has not filed any reports under Section 16(a) since his initial Form 3 and Form 4. In addition, the Donovitz Family Irrevocable Trust, which beneficially owns more than 10 of the outstanding shares of Class A common stock, has not filed any reports under Section 16(a), including an initial Form 3 or Form 4s. 
 It em 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 Other than compensation and indemnification arrangements for our directors and executive officers, which are described elsewhere in this Annual Report, the following is a description of each transaction since January 1, 2021 and each currently proposed transaction in which: 
 HYAC or Biote has been or is to be a participant; 

the amounts involved exceeded or exceeds the lesser of (i) 120,000 or (ii) one percent of the average of our total assets on a consolidated basis at year end for the past two fiscal years; and 

any of our directors, executive officers or holders of more than five percent of our outstanding capital stock, or any immediate family member of, or person sharing the household with, any of these individuals or entities, had or will have a direct or indirect material interest. 

HYAC s Related Party Transactions 
 On July 6, 2020, the Sponsor paid 25,000 to cover certain of HYAC s offering costs in exchange for 8,625,000 shares of Class B common stock, 687,500 of which were subsequently forfeited in connection with the partial exercise of the over-allotment option by the underwriters in order for the Sponsor to maintain ownership of 20.0 of the issued and outstanding shares of the Company. 
 The Sponsor purchased an aggregate of 5,566,666 private placement warrants, exercisable for one share of Class A common stock at 11.50 per share for an aggregate purchase price of 8,350,000, or 1.50 per warrant, in a private placement that occurred simultaneously with HYAC s initial public offering, consummated on March 4, 2021 (the IPO ). 
 Prior to the Business Combination, HYAC utilized office space at 501 Madison Avenue, Floor 12, New York, New York 10022 from our Sponsor. HYAC paid an affiliate of our Sponsor 20,000 per month for office space, utilities, secretarial and administrative services provided to our directors and officers. Upon completion of the Business Combination, HYAC ceased paying these monthly fees. 
 The Sponsor agreed to loan HYAC up to 300,000 to be used for a portion of the expenses of the IPO. These loans were non-interest bearing, unsecured and were due at the earlier of December 31, 2020 or the closing of the IPO. The loan was fully paid off at the completion of the IPO on March 4, 2021. On February 28, 2022, HYAC issued an unsecured promissory note in the principal amount of 350,000 to the Sponsor. This loan is non-interest bearing. At the election of the Sponsor, all or a portion of the unpaid principal amount of such note may be converted into private placement warrants of Biote at a price of 1.50 per warrant. The principal balance of the promissory note was due on the Closing Date. 
 Biote s Related Party Transactions 
 Employment Relationships 
 Mandy Cotten, the daughter of Dr. Gary S. Donovitz, Biote s founder, former chairman and one of our five percent or greater stockholders, was employed by BioTE Medical as a Clinic Director from September 1, 2015 to June 14, 2022. Mandy Cotten also provided services as a proctor and, from January 1, 2021 to June 14, 2022, Mandy Cotten also managed Biote s therapy hotline. Mandy Cotten s compensation included an annual salary of 137,000 in addition to a potential bonus based on services performed for Biote. 
 BioTE Medical granted Mandy Cotten phantom equity for her contributions as key personnel pursuant to that certain Phantom Equity Rights Grant Notice and Award Agreement, dated January 1, 2021, by and between BioTE Medical and Mandy Cotten (the Cotten Phantom Equity Award ), which were forfeited as a result of her departure on June 9, 2022. Pursuant to the Cotten Phantom Equity Award, Mandy Cotten was entitled to receive a stated percentage of the net sales proceeds of a change in control paid or payable to Biote or Biote s Members. BioTE Medical s board of managers determined that the net sale proceeds from the Business Combination was 555,000,000, and that such amount would be satisfied through the issuance of, in the aggregate, approximately 
 84 
 
 138,750 shares of the Company s Class A common stock to Mandy Cotten, to be issued in eight equal quarterly installments following the Closing of the Business Combination; however, the Cotten Phantom Equity Award was forfeited as a result of her departure on June 9, 2022. 
 Lani Hammonds-Donovitz, the wife of Dr. Gary S. Donovitz, Biote s founder, former chairman and one of our five percent or greater stockholders, was employed by BioTE Medical from January 1, 2021 through April 30, 2021 as Director, Business Development Research. Effective May 1, 2021, Ms. Donovitz became an independent contractor of BioTE Medical pursuant to that certain Independent Contractor Agreement with Lani D. Consulting, a company affiliated with Ms. Hammonds-Donovitz, which was terminated immediately prior to the Closing. Total compensation received by Ms. Donovitz and Lani D. Consulting was 157,639 and 265,936 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Founder Advisory Agreement 
 On May 18, 2022, BioTE Medical and Dr. Gary S. Donovitz, MD, the founder of BioTE Medical (the Founder Advisor ), entered into a Founder Advisory Agreement, effective as of the Closing (the Founder Advisory Agreement ). Pursuant to the Founder Advisory Agreement, the Founder Advisor transitioned from an officer and manager of BioTE Medical into the role of Founder Advisor and Senior Advisor (as defined in the Founder Advisory Agreement) as of the Closing. Pursuant to the Founder Advisory Agreement, Founder Advisor provides strategic advisory services to BioTE Medical for a period of four years, unless terminated earlier pursuant to the terms of the Founder Advisory Agreement, and receives an annual fee equal to 300,000 per year, continued coverage under BioTE Medical s employee benefits and reimbursement for reasonable business expenses. 
 Independent Contractor Agreement 
 On May 18, 2022, BioTE Medical entered into an Independent Contractor Agreement with Lani D. Consulting, a company affiliated with Lani Hammonds Donovitz, the wife of Dr. Gary S. Donovitz, MD, Biote s founder and one of our five percent or greater stockholders (the New Independent Contractor Agreement ). Immediately upon the Closing, the New Independent Contractor Agreement replaced the Independent Contractor Agreement, dated as of May 3, 2021, between Lani D. Consulting and BioTE Medical. Pursuant to the New Independent Contractor Agreement, Lani D. Consulting will provide certain services to BioTE Medical for a period of four years, unless terminated earlier pursuant to the terms of the New Independent Contractor Agreement, and will receive an annual fee equal to 250,000 per year and reimbursement for reasonable business expenses. The New Independent Contractor Agreement was terminated effective September 9, 2022. 
 Related Party Transactions in Connection with the Business Combination 
 Tax Receivable Agreement 
 Simultaneously with the Closing, Biote entered into a tax receivable agreement (the TRA with Holdings, the Members and the Members Representative. Pursuant to the TRA, Biote generally will be required to pay to the Members 85 of certain net tax benefits, if any, that we realize (or in certain cases are deemed to realize) as a result of the increases in tax basis and tax benefits related to the transactions contemplated under the Business Combination Agreement and the redemption of Retained Holdings Units in exchange for Class A common stock (or cash) pursuant to the Holdings A R OA, and tax benefits attributable to payments under the TRA. The term of the TRA will continue until all such tax benefits have been utilized or expired unless Biote exercises its right to terminate the TRA for an amount representing the present value of anticipated future tax benefits under the TRA (calculated under certain assumptions) or certain other acceleration events occur. 
 Sponsor Letter 
 In connection with the execution of the Business Combination Agreement, certain of HYAC s then current officers and directors, the Sponsor, Biote, Holdings and the Members Representative entered into the Sponsor Letter , pursuant to which, among other things, the Sponsor agreed to (i) vote, at any duly called meeting of stockholders of the Company, in favor of the Business Combination Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, (ii) subject to certain exceptions, not to effect any sale or distribution of any of its shares of Class B common stock or private placement warrants and (iii) waive any and all anti-dilution rights described in the current charter or otherwise with respect to the shares of Class B common stock held by the Sponsor that may be implicated by the Business Combination such that the Class B common stock Conversion will occur as discussed herein (and as more fully described in the Sponsor Letter). 
 A R Investor Rights Agreement 
 At the Closing, Biote, the Members, the Sponsor, the Members Representative and certain other parties entered into an investor rights agreement, which was amended and restated on July 19, 2022, and which we refer to as the A R IRA. Pursuant to the terms of the A R IRA, among other things, (i) that certain Registration Rights Agreement, by and between HYAC and certain security holders, dated March 1, 2021, entered into in connection with HYAC s IPO, was terminated, (ii) the Company provided certain registration rights for the shares of Class A common stock held (or underlying certain securities held) by the Members, the Sponsor, and certain other parties, (iii) the Members agreed not to, subject to certain exceptions, transfer, sell, assign or otherwise dispose of the shares of Class A common stock, Class V common stock and the Holdings Units held by such Members, as applicable, for six months following the Closing, and the Member Earnout Units until the date such securities have been earned in accordance with the Business 
 85 
 
 Combination Agreement and (iv) the Sponsor agreed not to, subject to certain exceptions, transfer, sell, assign or otherwise dispose of its (a) shares of Class A common stock (other than the Sponsor Earnout Shares, as defined therein) for six months following the Closing, (b) Sponsor Earnout Shares until the date such securities have been earned in accordance with the Business Combination Agreement and (c) warrants issued to the Sponsor pursuant to that certain Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated March 1, 2021, by and between the Company and the Sponsor, and the underlying shares of Class A common stock, for 30 days following the Closing Date (such lock-up period superseding the lock-up period set forth in the Insider Letter (as defined in the A R IRA)), in each case, as more fully described in the A R IRA). All lock-up restrictions, other than those related to the Member Earnout Units and the Sponsor Earnout Shares, have now expired. 
 The foregoing description of the A R IRA does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the full text of the A R IRA, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 10.3 hereto. 
 Second Amended and Restated Operating Agreement of Biote 
 At the Closing, Biote, Holdings and the Members entered into the Second Amended and Restated Operating Agreement of Biote (the Holdings A R OA ), which, among other things, permitted the issuance and ownership of Holdings Units as contemplated to be issued and owned upon the consummation of the Business Combination, designated Biote as the sole manager of Holdings, provided for the Exchange Rights, set forth the rights and preferences of the Class A common units of Holdings Holdings Units ), and established the ownership of the Holdings Units by the persons or entities indicated in the Holdings A R OA. 
 The foregoing description of the Holdings A R OA does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the full text of the Holdings A R OA, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 10.5 hereto. 
 Director and Officer Indemnification 
 The Charter contains provisions limiting the liability of directors and provides that the Biote will indemnify each of its directors and officers to the fullest extent permitted under Delaware law. 
 We have entered into indemnification agreements with each of our directors and executive officers. The indemnification agreements provide that Biote will indemnify each of its directors and executive officers against any and all expenses incurred by that director, executive officer, or other key employee because of his or her status as one of the Biote s directors or executive officers to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law, our Charter and our Bylaws. In addition, the indemnification agreements provide that, to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law, the Biote will advance all expenses incurred by its directors and executive officers in connection with a legal proceeding involving his or her status as a director, executive officer, or key employee. 
 Policies and Procedures for Related Person Transactions 
 The Board adopted a written related person transaction policy that sets forth the policies and procedures for the review and approval or ratification of related person transactions (the RPT Policy ). The RPT policy requires that a related person (as defined in paragraph (a) of Item 404 of Regulation S-K) must promptly disclose to the our general counsel any related person transaction (defined as any transaction that is reportable under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K in which we are or will be a participant and the amount involved exceeds 120,000 and in which any related person has or will have a direct or indirect material interest) and all material facts with respect thereto. The general counsel will promptly communicate such information to the Audit Committee or another independent body of our Board. No related person transaction will be entered into without the approval or ratification of our Audit Committee or another independent body of our Board. Directors interested in a related person transaction will be required to recuse themselves from any such vote. The RPT Policy does not specify the standards to be applied by its Audit Committee or another independent body of the Board in determining whether or not to approve or ratify a related person transaction, although such determinations are made in accordance with Delaware law. 
 86 
 
 Ite m 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 
 Changes in Registrant s Certifying Accountant. 
 Dismissal of Marcum LLP and Engagement of Deloitte Touche LLP 
 As previously disclosed, on May 26, 2022, Marcum LLP Marcum was dismissed as our independent registered public accounting firm. On the same date, Deloitte was engaged as our new independent registered public accounting firm. The dismissal of Marcum and appointment of Deloitte was done in connection with the closing of the Business Combination and approved by our Board. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 The following tables present the aggregate fees billed by Deloitte and Marcum for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Fiscal Year 

Deloitte 
 
 2022 

2021 

Audit fees (1) 

698,000 

479,721 

Audit-related fees (2) 

142,300 

2,024,890 

Tax fees (3) 

752,517 

448,369 

All other fees 

Total fees 

1,592,817 

2,952,980 

(1) Audit fees in 2022 consisted of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of the Company s 2022 consolidated financial statements and the reviews of 2022 interim condensed consolidated financial statements. Audit fees for 2021 consisted of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of Holdings consolidated financial statements (2021 and 2020) and the reviews of the applicable historical interim condensed consolidated financial statements. 

(2) Audit-related fees consisted of fees billed for audit services provided in connection with other regulatory filings and offerings, including the regulatory filings associated with the business combination and related financings. 

(3) Tax fees consisted of fees billed for professional services relating to tax compliance services. 

Fiscal Year 

Marcum 
 
 2022 

2021 

Audit fees (1) 

74,938 

186,380 

Audit-related fees 

Tax fees (2) 

8,755 

7,200 

All other fees 

Total fees 

83,693 

193,580 

(1) Audit fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of HYAC s year-end consolidated financial statements, interim reviews of HYAC s quarterly financial statements, and audit services provided in connection with other regulatory filings and offerings, including the regulatory filings associated with the initial public offering, business combination, and related financings. 

(2) Tax fees consisted of fees billed for professional services relating to tax compliance services. 

All fees incurred subsequent to the closing of the Business Combination in May 2022 were pre-approved by our Audit Committee. 
 Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures 
 Our Audit Committee approves all audit and pre-approves all non-audit services provided by Deloitte before it is engaged by us to render non-audit services to ensure that the provision of these services does not impair the auditor s independence. These services may include audit-related services, tax services and other non-audit services. 
 The pre-approval requirement set forth above does not apply with respect to non-audit services if: 
 all such services do not, in the aggregate, amount to more than 5 of the total fees paid by us to Deloitte during the fiscal year in which the services are provided; 

such services were not recognized as non-audit services at the time of the relevant engagement; and 

such services are promptly brought to the attention of and approved by the Audit Committee (or its delegate) prior to the completion of the annual audit. 

The Audit Committee elected to delegate pre-approval authority to the chairperson of the Audit Committee to approve any one or more individual permitted non-audit services. The chairperson will report any pre-approval granted at the next meeting of the Audit Committee. 
 87 
 
 PART IV 
 It em 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 
 Documents filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or incorporated by reference include: 
 (1) Financial Statements 

(2) Financial Statement Schedules 

All schedules have been omitted because they are not required, not applicable, not present in amounts sufficient to require submission of the schedule, or the required information is otherwise included in our consolidated financial statements and related notes. 
 (3) Exhibits 

The following exhibits required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K are filed as part of, or incorporated by reference into, this Annual Report: 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description 

2.1 
 
 Business Combination Agreement, dated as of December 13, 2021, by and among the Company, Haymaker Sponsor III LLC, Dr. Gary Donovitz, in his capacity, and Teresa S. Weber, in her capacity as the Members Representative (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of Haymaker Acquisition Corp. III s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40128) filed with the SEC on December 14, 2021). 

3.1 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of biote Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40128) filed by the Company with the SEC on June 2, 2022). 

3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of biote Corp. incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-k (File No. 001-40128) filed by the Company with the SEC on February 22, 2023). 

4.1 
 
 Form of Warrant Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40128) filed by the Company with the SEC on June 2, 2022). 

4.2 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated March 1, 2021, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent (incorporated by reference to exhibit 4.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40128) filed with the SEC on March 5, 2021) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40128) filed by the Company with the SEC on June 2, 2022). 

4.3 
 
 Description of the Registrant s Securities. 

10.1# 
 
 Non-Employee Director Compensation Policy 

10.2 
 
 Tax Receivable Agreement, dated as of May 26, 2022, by and among the Company, BioTE Holdings, LLC and the persons named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40128) filed by the Company with the SEC on June 2, 2022). 

10.3 
 
 Investor Rights Agreement, dated as of May 26, 2022, by and among the Company, the Members, the Members Representative, Haymaker Sponsor III LLC and certain other parties thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40128) filed by the Company with the SEC on June 2, 2022). 

10.4 
 
 Amended and Restated Investor Rights Agreement, dated as of July 19, 2022, by and among the Company, the Members, the Members Representative, Haymaker Sponsor III LLC and certain other parties thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40128) filed by the Company with the SEC on June 19, 2022). 

10.5 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Operating Agreement of BioTE Holdings, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40128) filed by the Company with the SEC on June 2, 2022). 

10.6# 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40128) filed by the Company with the SEC on June 2, 2022). 

10.7# 
 
 Services Agreement, dated May 26, 2022, by and between BioTE Medical, LLC and Teresa S. Weber (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40128) filed by the Company with the SEC on June 2, 2022). 

10.8# 
 
 Services Agreement, effective as of May 26, 2022, by and between BioTE Medical, LLC and Marc Beer (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-265714) filed by the Company with the SEC on June 17, 2022). 

10.9# 
 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, effective as of May 26, 2022, by and between BioTE Medical, LLC and Robbin Gibbins (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-265714) filed by the Company with the SEC on June 17, 2022). 

88 

10.10# 
 
 Employment Agreement, effective as of June 10, 2022, by and between BioTE Medical, LLC and Ross McQuivey, M.D.(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Company s registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-265714) filed by the Company with the SEC on June 17, 2022). 

10.11# 
 
 Employment Agreement, effective as of May 26, 2022, by and between BioTE Medical, LLC and Mary Elizabeth Conlon (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Company s registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-265714) filed by the Company with the SEC on June 17, 2022). 

10.12# 
 
 Executive Employment Agreement, dated May 26, 2022, by and between BioTE Medical, LLC and Cary Paulette (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40128) filed by the Company with the SEC on June 2, 2022). 

10.13# 
 
 Employment agreement, effective July 15, 2022, by and between BioTE Medical, LLC and Samar Kamdar (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-40128) filed by the Company with the SEC on November 14, 2022). 

10.14# 
 
 Amendment to employment agreement, effective August 24, 2022, by and between BioTE Medical, LLC and Samar Kamdar (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-40128) filed by the Company with the SEC on November 14, 2022). 

10.15# 
 
 Transition agreement, effective August 31, 2022, by and between BioTE Medical, LLC and Robbin Gibbins. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-40128) filed by the Company with the SEC on November 14, 2022). 

10.16 
 
 Standby Equity Purchase Agreement, by and between biote Corp. and YA II PN, LTD (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40128) filed by the Company with the SEC on July 28, 2022). 

10.17# 
 
 biote Corp. 2022 Equity Incentive Plan. 

10.18# 
 
 biote Corp. 2022 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed on August 3, 2022). 

10.19# 
 
 Form of Stock Option Grant Notice (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.3 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed on August 3, 2022). 

10.20# 
 
 Form of RSU Award Grant Notice (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.4 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed on August 3, 2022). 

21.1 
 
 List of subsidiaries (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40128) filed with the SEC on June 2, 2022). 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Deloitte Touche LLP. 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Filed herewith. 
 Furnished herewith. 
 Certain portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to Regulation S-K Item (601)(b)(10). 
 # Indicates management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 It em 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 89 
 
 SIG NATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

BIOTE CORP. 

Date: March 29, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Samar Kamdar 

Name: Samar J. Kamdar 

Title: Chief Financial Officer 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 Each person whose individual signature appears below hereby authorizes and appoints Teresa S. Weber and Samar Kamdar, and each of them, with full power of substitution and resubstitution and full power to act without the other, as his or her true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent to act in his or her name, place and stead and to execute in the name and on behalf of each person, individually and in each capacity stated below, and to file any and all amendments to this report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing, ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents or any of them or their or his substitute or substitutes may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue thereof. 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, this Registration Statement has been signed below by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 Position 
 Date 

/s/ Teresa S. Weber Teresa S. Weber 
 Chief Executive Officer, Director 
 March 29, 2023 

/s/ Samar Kamdar Samar Kamdar 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 March 29, 2023 

/s/ Marc D. Beer Marc D. Beer 
 Director, Chair 
 March 29, 2023 

/s/ Dana Jacoby Dana Jacoby 
 Director 
 March 29, 2023 

/s/ Mark Cone Mark Cone 
 Director 
 March 29, 2023 

/s/ Steven J. Heyer Steven J. Heyer 
 Director 
 March 29, 2023 

/s/ Andrew R. Heyer Andrew R. Heyer 
 Director 
 March 29, 2023 

/s/ Debra L. Morris Debra L. Morris 
 Director 
 March 29, 2023 

90 
 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 
 F- 2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 F- 3 

Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income 
 F- 4 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 
 F- 5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 F- 7 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F- 8 

F- 1 
 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the stockholders and the Board of Directors of biote Corp. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of biote Corp. and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income, stockholders equity (deficit), and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 /s/ 
 
 March 29, 2023 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 
 F- 2 
 
 biote Corp. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in thousands, except share amounts) 

December 31, 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventory, net 

Other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Capitalized software, net 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Deferred tax asset 

Total assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Term loan, current 

Deferred revenue, current 

Operating lease liabilities, current 

Total current liabilities 

Term loan, net of current portion 

Deferred revenue, net of current portion 

Operating lease liabilities, net of current portion 

Warrant liability 

Earnout liability 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (See Note 18) 

Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

Class A, AA, AAA, and AAAA units, par value, unlimited units authorized; and units issued, and units outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized; shares issued or outstanding 

Class A common stock, par value, shares authorized; and shares issued, and shares outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Class B common stock, par value, shares authorized; shares issued or outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

Class V voting stock, par value, shares authorized; and shares issued, and shares outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Retained earnings (Accumulated deficit) 

() 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

biote Corp. s stockholders equity (deficit) 

() 

ncontrolling interest 

() 

Total stockholders equity (deficit) 

() 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity (deficit) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 3 
 
 biote Corp. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Revenue: 

Product revenue 

Service revenue 

Total revenue 

Cost of revenue (excluding depreciation and amortization included in selling, general and administrative, below) 

Cost of products 

Cost of services 

Cost of revenue 

Commissions 

Marketing 

Selling, general and administrative 

Income (loss) from operations 

() 

Other income (expense), net: 

Interest expense 

() 

() 

Gain from change in fair value of warrant liability 

Gain from change in fair value of earnout liability 

Loss from extinguishment of debt 

() 

Other income 

Total other income (expense), net 

() 

Income before provision for income taxes 

Income tax expense 

Net income 

Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest 

Net income (loss) attributable to biote Corp. stockholders 

() 

Other comprehensive income (loss): 

Foreign currency translation adjustments 

() 

() 

Other comprehensive income (loss) 

() 

() 

Comprehensive income 

Net income (loss) per common share 

Basic 

() 

Diluted 

() 

Weighted average common shares outstanding 

Basic 

Diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 4 
 
 biote Corp. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 
 (in thousands, except share amounts) 

Total 

Retained 
 
 Accumulated 
 
 Stockholders 

Total 

Additional 
 
 Earnings / 
 
 Other 
 
 Equity (Deficit) 
 
 Non 
 
 Stockholders 

Members Equity 
 
 Class A Common Stock 
 
 Class V Voting Stock 
 
 Paid-in 
 
 (Accumulated 
 
 Comprehensive 
 
 Attributable to 
 
 controlling 
 
 Equity 

Units 
 
 Amount 
 
 Shares 
 
 Amount 
 
 Shares 
 
 Amount 
 
 Capital 
 
 Deficit) 
 
 Income (Loss) 
 
 biote Corp. 
 
 Interest 
 
 (Deficit) 

Balance at December 31, 2020 

() 
 
 () 
 
 () 

() 

Distributions 

() 

() 

() 

Net income 

Other comprehensive loss 

() 
 
 () 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 5 
 
 biote Corp. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 
 (in thousands, except share amounts) 

Total 

Retained 
 
 Accumulated 
 
 Stockholders 

Total 

Additional 
 
 Earnings / 
 
 Other 
 
 Equity (Deficit) 
 
 Non- 
 
 Stockholders 

Members Equity 
 
 Class A Common Stock 
 
 Class V Voting Stock 
 
 Paid-in 
 
 (Accumulated 
 
 Comprehensive 
 
 Attributable to 
 
 controlling 
 
 Equity 

Units 
 
 Amount 
 
 Shares 
 
 Amount 
 
 Shares 
 
 Amount 
 
 Capital 
 
 Deficit) 
 
 Income (Loss) 
 
 biote Corp. 
 
 Interest 
 
 (Deficit) 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

() 

Distributions 

() 

() 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Net income through May 26, 2022 

Other comprehensive income through May 26, 2022 

Business Combination: Reverse recapitalization on May 26, 2022 
 
 () 

() 

() 

() 

Business Combination: Noncontrolling interest on May 26, 2022 

() 

Business Combination: Capitalized transaction costs 

() 

() 

() 

Net loss after May 26, 2022 

() 

() 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Other comprehensive loss after May 26, 2022 

() 
 
 () 

Share-based compensation 

Settlement of phantom equity rights 

() 

() 

() 

Vesting of RSUs 

() 

() 

() 

Issuance of shares under SEPA 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

() 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 
 () 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 6 
 
 biote Corp. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in thousands) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Operating Activities 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash (used in) provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Bad debt expense (recoveries) 

() 

Amortization of debt issuance costs 

Provision for obsolete inventory 

Non-cash lease expense 

Non-cash sponsor share transfers 

Non-cash fees under SEPA 

Share-based compensation expense 

Gain from change in fair value of warrant liability 

() 

Gain from change in fair value of earnout liability 

() 

Loss from extinguishment of debt 

Deferred income taxes 

() 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

() 

() 

Inventory 

() 

() 

Other current assets 

() 

Accounts payable 

Deferred revenue 

() 

Accrued expenses 

() 

Operating lease liabilities 

() 

() 

Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities 

() 

Investing Activities 

Purchases of property and equipment 

() 

() 

Purchases of capitalized software 

() 

() 

Net cash used in investing activities 

() 

() 

Financing Activities 

Proceeds from the Business Combination 

Principal repayments on term loan 

() 

() 

Borrowings on term loan 

Extinguishment of Bank of America term loan 

() 

Debt issuance costs 

() 

Settlement of phantom equity rights 

() 

Settlement of RSUs 

() 

Distributions 

() 

() 

Capitalized transaction costs 

() 

() 

Proceeds from issuance of shares under SEPA 

SEPA transaction costs 

() 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

() 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 

() 

Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 

Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Information 

Cash paid for interest 

Cash paid for income taxes 

Non-cash investing and financing activities 

Capital expenditures and capitalized software included in accounts payable 

Non-cash SEPA transaction costs 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 7 
 
 biote Corp. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (amounts in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1 measurements) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3 measurements). The three levels of the fair value hierarchy are described below: Level 1 Inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the reporting entity has the ability to access at the measurement date. Level 2 - Valuations based on quoted prices in markets that are not active or for which all significant inputs are observable, either directly or indirectly. Level 3 - Prices or valuations that require inputs that are both significant to the fair value measurement and unobservable. See Note 12 for further detail. 
 operating segment and, therefore, reportable segment. 

Provisions charged to operating results 

() 

Account write-off and recoveries 

() 

As of December 31, 2021 

() 

As of December 31, 2021 

() 

Provisions charged to operating results 

Account write-off and recoveries 

As of December 31, 2022 

() 

Advances 

Capitalized transaction costs 

Total other current assets 

Prepaid expenses include software and technology licensing agreements, insurance premiums and other advance payments for services to be received over the next 12 months. Advances are comprised of deposit payments to vendors for inventory purchase orders to be received in the next 12 months. The capitalized transaction costs as of December 31, 2021 relate to costs incurred that were directly related to the Business Combination as described in Note 1 . 

Leasehold improvements 

Office equipment 

Computer software 
 
 - 

Furniture and fixtures 
 
 - 

Computer equipment 
 
 - 

See Note 6 for further details. 
 . Capitalized software is included within capitalized software, net on the consolidated balance sheet. See Note 7 for further details. 
 impairment charges have been recorded during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 . 
 and non-lease components together as a single lease component for all underlying assets and allocate all of the contract consideration to the lease component only. See Note 15 f or further details. 

of the voting rights, and there is no par value assigned to any of the classes of units. Pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement and immediately prior to the Business Combination s consummation, the Company effectuated a recapitalization whereby all Class A, Class AA, Class AAA and Class AAAA units held by Holdings Members were converted (whether by direct exchange, merger or otherwise) into Class A Common Units. 

Class AA (Non-voting) 

Class AAA (Non-voting) 

Class AAAA (Non-voting incentive units) 

Total 

Class B common stock 

Class V voting stock 

Total 

The Company made operating distributions to Members of Holdings and taxing authorities on the Members behalf totaling and during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. 
 -month anniversary of the date of the SEPA (unless earlier terminated), to direct Yorkville to purchase a specified amount of shares of Class A common stock (each such sale, an Advance by delivering written notice to Yorkville (each, an Advance Notice ). The shares of Class A common stock purchased pursuant to an Advance will be purchased at a price equal to of the lowest daily VWAP of the Class A common stock during the three consecutive trading days commencing on the date of delivery of a given Advance Notice. VWAP means, for any trading day, the daily volume weighted average price of the Company s common stock for such date as reported by Bloomberg L.P. during regular trading hours. While there is mandatory minimum amount for any individual Advance, it may not exceed the greater of (i) an amount equal to thirty percent of the daily volume traded on the trading day immediately preceding an Advance Notice, or (ii) shares of Class A common stock. No more than shares of Class A common stock, including the Commitment Shares (as defined below) may be sold pursuant to the SEPA. Yorkville s obligation to continue to purchase shares of Class A common stock pursuant to the SEPA is subject to a number of conditions. As consideration for Yorkville s commitment to purchase Class A common stock at the Company s direction upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the SEPA, upon execution of the SEPA, the Company issued shares of Class A common stock to Yorkville (the Commitment Shares ). During the year ended December 31, 2022 , the Company sold shares to Yorkville under the SEPA for cash proceeds of . 
 
 handling costs billed to customers are considered part of the transaction price and are recognized as revenue with the underlying product sales for dietary supplements and trocars. The following is a description of the principal contract activities, disaggregated by the contract type, from which the Company generates its revenue. The Biote Method The Company generates revenues through standard service agreements with customers who participate in the Biote Method. The Biote Method is a bioidentical hormone replacement therapy which has been developed as a treatment designed to alleviate hormone imbalances. Under this agreement, the Company provides a bundle of goods and services to customers, including initial training to medical practitioners, bioidentical hormone pellets and software tools used for inventory management and dosing, and ongoing practice development and marketing support services, which includes a license to use the Company s trademarks and trade names in the customer s marketing materials. The initial contract term is three years, and customers have the option to renew for additional one-year periods. For the bundled goods and services, the Company accounts for individual products and services separately if they are distinct, i.e., if a product or service is separately identifiable from other items in the bundled package and if a customer can benefit from it on its own or with other resources that are readily available to the customer. The Company has identified three distinct obligations in its standard service agreement: initial training, pellet procedures (including sales of bioidentical hormone pellets, use of inventory management software to monitor pellet inventory, and use of the Company s blood dosing website to determine the appropriate pellets to use in each procedure), contract-term services (including ongoing practice development and marketing support, options to receive reusable trocars, and the right to use the reusable trocars through the term of the contract, if the option is exercised). The third obligation includes a combined lease/nonlease component for which the Company has adopted the practical expedient within ASC 842 which allows lessors to combine lease and non-lease components that have the same pattern of transfer to the customer-lessee and account for the combined component under the guidance relevant to the predominant portion of the component. By applying this expedient, the Company applies Topic 606 to the combined component. The consideration in the contract is allocated between separate products and services in the bundle based on the stand-alone selling prices of each good and service. The stand-alone selling prices are determined based on the prices at which the Company separately sells the initial training and the pellet procedures. Judgment is required to determine the standalone selling price for each distinct performance obligation. For items that are not sold separately and for which the Company has not established a standalone selling price, the Company allocates consideration based on the residual approach. The Company recognizes revenue for initial training over time as the customer completes the training. Training sessions generally occur over the course of 2-3 consecutive days at or near the time of contract inception. The Customer is charged an initial fixed-rate fee for this training. Customers pay in full for the initial training at the time of contract inception. The standalone selling price of these services is based on the lowest price offered by the Company for the services. The Company recognizes revenue for pellet procedures at the point in time the procedures are performed by the practitioner, which is when control of the pellets transfers to the customer. Consideration for these services is in the form of a management fee assessed for each procedure performed, which includes a volume-based tiered pricing schedule. The standalone selling price for these services requires judgment and is estimated based on the Company s historical experience with prices offered to similar customers throughout the initial term of the contract. Billings in excess of the standalone selling price constitute a premium charged to customers early in a relationship and are deferred and recognized when or as the remaining goods and services are transferred to the customer. Fees are billed and paid on a semimonthly basis. The Company recognizes revenue for contract-term services on a straight-line basis over the initial term of the contract, which aligns with the Company s satisfaction of the performance obligation. The Company allocates the residual consideration to this performance obligation, which is consistent with the allocation objective. Dietary Supplements Dietary supplements are supplements that customer practitioners resell to patients that aid the patients with maintaining hormone balances. The Company recognizes revenue for these, net of any discounts given, when control transfers to the customer, which is generally the point of shipment from the Company s distributor. Products are billed at standalone selling price for the dietary supplements and invoiced at shipment. Disposable Trocars Disposable Trocars are manual surgical instruments intended for use by Biote-certified practitioners. These tools are used to implant the bioidentical hormone pellets into the customers patients. The Company recognizes revenue at the time control transfers, which is generally the point of shipment from the distributor. Products are billed at the standalone selling price for the trocars and invoiced at shipment. Revenue disaggregated by the nature of the product or service and by geography is included within Note 4: Revenue Recognition. As of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had allocated and respectively, of consideration to the unsatisfied initial training obligations, and and , respectively, of consideration to the unsatisfied contract-term service obligations provided to the Biote Method customers. Consideration allocated to initial training due to deposits paid upfront is presented within deferred revenue on the consolidated balance sheets and is expected to be recognized as revenue within one year, as the training is complete. Consideration allocated to contract-term services is presented within deferred revenue and deferred revenue, long-term for the amounts expected to be recognized within one year and longer than one year, respectively. As of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 the amount of consideration allocated to contract-term services presented within deferred revenue was and , respectively, and the amount presented within deferred revenue, long-term was and , respectively. The Consideration allocated to the premiums within the management fee for pellet procedures is presented within deferred revenue current and deferred revenue, long-term for amounts expected to be recognized within one year and longer than one year, respectively. As of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 the amount of these premiums within deferred revenue was and , respectively, and the amount within deferred revenue, long-term was and , respectively. The Company has also elected the practical expedient in ASC 606 to not disclose consideration allocated to contracts with an original term of one year or less, which includes contracts for point-in-time sales of dietary supplements, disposable trocars, and pellet procedures. Pellet procedures are included in the Company s Biote Method service agreement, which has a three-year stated term, but as revenues are recognized at a point in time, there are no minimum purchase volumes, and the contract allows for cancellation with ninety days notice from the customer, there are no pellet procedure obligations that are satisfied over a period greater than one year. Contract Assets and Liabilities Customer receivables are made up of consideration to which the Company has an unconditional right to payment, regardless of whether the Company has satisfied the performance obligations in the contract. All customer receivables are presented within accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts in the consolidated balance sheets. Contract assets are the Company s right to consideration for goods or services that the entity has transferred to the customer when that right is conditioned on something other than the passage of time. The Company does not have any contract assets for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Contract liabilities are the Company s obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer for which the Company has received consideration or has an unconditional right to receive consideration. The Company s contract liabilities include deposits for initial training and contract-term services paid in advance which have not been recognized as revenue during the period. Contract liabilities are presented within deferred revenue and deferred revenue, long-term in the consolidated balance sheets. Contract liabilities are classified as current liabilities for the amount of revenue that the Company expects to recognize within one year of the reporting date. Changes in contract liabilities between each period are attributable to fees paid by new customers, revenue recognized for completed trainings, and revenue recognized for the Company s over-time satisfaction of contract-term services. The Company does not have a history of material returns or refunds, and generally does not offer warranties or guarantees for any products or services. Expected returns and refunds are recorded as a reduction of revenue and are and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. A reconciliation of the beginning and ending contract liabilities is included within Note 4: Revenue Recognition. 

makes a safe harbor, non-elective contribution to the 401(k) Plan equal to of each participant s eligible employee compensation. Safe harbor contributions vest immediately for each participant. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company made and , respectively, in safe harbor contributions under the 401(k) Plan, which are presented within Selling, general and administrative expense in the consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income. 
 compensation cost was recognized historically until the Closing of the Business Combination as a qualifying event was not previously deemed probable to occur. See Note 14 for further details. 
 and , respectively. Commissions paid to clinics under the Company s mentorship program represent amounts paid to existing clinics which provide services to help new customers complete onboarding and other startup activities and are only incurred after contract initiation. These costs are expensed as incurred, consistent with other contract fulfillment costs. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 commissions paid under this program were and , respectively. 
 of the Company s outstanding debt and available line of credit was from one lender. A failure of the counterparty to perform could result in the loss of access to the available borrowing capacity under the line of credit. Inventory purchases from vendors totaled approximately and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Due to the nature of the markets and availability of alternative suppliers, the Company does not believe the loss of any one vendor would have a material adverse impact on the Company s financial position, results of operations or cash flows for any significant period of time. Significant customers are those which represent more than 10 of the Company s total revenue or gross accounts receivable balance. The Company did t have any customers that accounted for 10 or more of total revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 . The Company did t have any customers that accounted for more than 10 of the outstanding gross accounts receivable as of December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021 . 
 the standard as of , and there was material impact to the financial statements. Recent Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13, Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments ASU 2016-13 ). The main objective of the update is to provide financial statement users with more decision-useful information about the expected credit losses on financial instruments and other commitments to extend credit held by companies at each reporting date. For trade and other receivables, held to maturity debt securities, and other instruments, companies will be required to use a new forward-looking expected losses model that generally will result in the recognition of allowances for losses earlier than under current accounting guidance. Further, the FASB issued ASU 2019-04, ASU 2019-05 and ASU 2019-11 to provide additional guidance on the credit losses standard. The standard will be adopted using the modified retrospective approach. ASU 2016-13 is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2022, with early adoption permitted. The Company is evaluating the potential impact of adopting ASU 2016-13 on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. In August 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-06, Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40): Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity s Own Equity ASU 2020-06 ). ASU 2020-06 changes how entities account for convertible instruments and contracts in an entity s own equity and simplifies the accounting for convertible instruments by removing certain separation models for convertible instruments. ASU 2020-06 also modifies the guidance on diluted earnings per share calculations. The amendments are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this standard on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 

Class A common units of Holdings Holdings Units ), which was equal to the number of shares of Haymaker s Class A common stock, par value per share Class A common stock ), issued and outstanding as of immediately prior to the Closing (after giving effect to redemptions by Haymaker s public stockholders of shares of Class A common stock prior to the Closing and the conversion of Haymaker s Class B common stock, par value per share Class B common stock into shares of Class A common stock and (ii) Haymaker issued shares of newly authorized Class V voting stock, par value per share Class V voting stock ), which number of shares of Class V voting stock was equal to the number of Holdings Units retained by the Members immediately following the Closing (the Retained Holdings Units ), and which shares of Class V voting stock were distributed to the Members, resulting in the Company being organized in an Up-C structure. Also at Closing, (x) in exchange for the Closing Holdings Units, Haymaker transferred cash in an amount equal to (i) the cash in the trust account and any cash held by Haymaker outside of the trust account, less (ii) the amounts required by the redemptions of Class A common stock by the public stockholders, which was equal to million and (y) the BioTE Companies received aggregate proceeds of million from the Debt Financing (as defined below) (the aggregate amounts described in (x) and (y) of million, the Closing Date Cash in accordance with and in the priority set forth in the Business Combination Agreement and as described further in the Proxy Statement. There was cash consideration paid to Members at Closing. Recapitalization Immediately prior to the Closing, Holdings (i) effectuated a recapitalization, pursuant to which all its Class A units, Class AA units, Class AAA units and Class AAAA units held by the Members were converted or exchanged (whether by direct exchange, merger or otherwise) into a number of equity interests in the Company designated as Class A Common Units in the amounts determined in accordance with Holdings Second Amended and Restated Operating Agreement (the Holdings A R OA ), which was entered into prior to the Closing, the result of which was that the Members hold a single class of Holdings Units as of immediately prior to the Closing and (ii) converted into a Delaware limited liability company. Consideration At the Closing and in consideration for the acquisition of Holdings Units, Haymaker and the BioTE Companies, pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement and the Trust Agreement (as defined in the Business Combination Agreement), disbursed the Closing Date Cash to Holdings. Earnout On the Closing Date (a) the Members on a pro rata basis subjected (i) Retained Holdings Units held by them (the Member Earnout Units and (ii) shares of Class V voting stock distributed to them by the BioTE Companies (the Earnout Voting Shares ), (b) the Sponsor subjected shares of Class A common stock held by it after giving effect to the Class B common stock Conversion (the Sponsor Earnout Shares ), and (c) Haymaker subjected a number of Holdings Units equal to the number of Sponsor Earnout Shares (the Sponsor Earnout Units, and, together with the Sponsor Earnout Shares, the Earnout Voting Shares and the Member Earnout Units, the Earnout Securities ), to certain restrictions and potential forfeiture pending the achievement (if any) of certain earnout targets or milestones pursuant to the terms of the Business Combination Agreement or the occurrence of a Change of Control (as defined in the Business Combination Agreement). Beginning on the six-month anniversary of the Closing, each Retained Biote Unit held by the Members may be redeemed, together with one share of Class V voting stock and subject to certain conditions, in exchange for either one share of Class A common stock or in certain circumstances, at the election of the Company in its capacity as the sole manager of Holdings, the cash equivalent of the market value of one share of Class A common stock, pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Holdings A R OA (such exchange rights, as further described in the Holdings A R OA, the Exchange Rights ). See Note 11 for further detail. Other Agreements Business Combination The Business Combination Agreement contemplated the execution of various additional agreements and instruments, including, among others, the following: Tax Receivable Agreement At Closing, Biote entered into a tax receivable agreement (the TRA with Holdings, the Members and the Members Representative, which provides for, among other things, payment by the Company to the Members of of the U.S. federal, state and local income tax savings realized by the Company as a result of the increases in tax basis and certain other tax benefits related to any transactions contemplated under the Business Combination Agreement and any redemption of Retained Holdings Units in exchange for Class A common stock or cash (as more fully described in the TRA). These payments are an obligation of Biote and not of the BioTE Companies. Biote s only material asset following the Business Combination is its ownership interest in Holdings and, accordingly, the Company will depend on distributions from Holdings to make any payments required to be made by the Company under the TRA. The term of the TRA will continue until all such tax benefits have been utilized or expired unless the Company exercises its right to terminate the TRA for an amount representing the present value of anticipated future tax benefits under the TRA or certain other acceleration events occur. The actual increase in the Company s allocable share of tax basis in the BioTE Companies assets, as well as the amount and timing of any payments under the TRA, will vary depending upon a number of factors, including the timing of redemptions of shares of Retained Holdings Units, the market price of shares of the Class A common stock at the time of the exchange, the extent to which such exchanges are taxable and the amount and timing of the Company s income. Any payments the Company makes under the TRA will generally reduce the amount of overall cash flow that might have otherwise been available to the Company. To the extent that the Company is unable to make timely payments under the TRA for any reason, the unpaid amounts will be deferred and will accrue interest until paid; however, nonpayment for a specified period and/or under certain circumstances may constitute a material breach of a material obligation under the TRA and therefore accelerate payments due under the TRA. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 , there have been no exchanges, and therefore, liability is recorded related to the TRA. Second Amended and Restated Operating Agreement of Holdings At the Closing, the Company, Holdings and the Members entered into the Holdings A R OA, which, among other things, (i) provided for a recapitalization of the ownership structure of Holdings, whereby following the execution of the Holdings A R OA, the ownership structure of Holdings consists solely of the Holdings Units, (ii) designated the Company as the sole manager of Holdings (iii) provides that on the Exchange Date (as defined in the Holdings A R OA) (unless otherwise waived by the Company, or, with respect to the Initial Shares (as defined therein), following the registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), of such shares), each Retained Biote Unit held by the Members may be redeemed in exchange, subject to certain conditions, for either one share of Class A common stock or, at the election of the Company in its capacity as the sole manager of Holdings, the cash equivalent of the market value of one share of Class A common stock (the Exchange Rights ), and (iv) otherwise amended and restated the rights and preferences of the Holdings Units, in each case, as more fully described in the Holdings A R OA. In connection with the execution of the Business Combination Agreement, certain of Haymaker s officers and directors, Haymaker, the Sponsor, Holdings and the Members Representative entered into a letter agreement (the Sponsor Letter ), pursuant to which, among other things, the Sponsor agreed to (i) vote, at any duly called meeting of stockholders of the Company, in favor of the Business Combination Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, (ii) subject to certain exceptions, not to effect any sale or distribution of any of its shares of Class B common stock or private placement warrants and (iii) waive any and all anti-dilution rights described in Haymaker s amended and restated certificate of incorporation or otherwise with respect to the shares of Class B common stock held by the Sponsor that may be implicated by the Business Combination such that the Class B common stock Conversion will occur as discussed therein. Investor Rights Agreement At the Closing, the Company, the Members, the Sponsor, the Members Representative and certain other parties entered into an Investor Rights Agreement (the IRA ). Pursuant to the terms of the IRA, among other things, (i) that certain Registration Rights Agreement, by and between Haymaker and certain security holders, dated March 1, 2021, entered into in connection with Haymaker s initial public offering, was terminated, (ii) the Company provided certain registration rights for the shares of Class A common stock held (or underlying certain securities held) by the Members, the Sponsor, and certain other parties, (iii) the Members agreed not to, subject to certain exceptions, transfer, sell, assign or otherwise dispose of the shares of Class A common stock, Class V voting stock and the Holdings Units held by such Members, as applicable, for six months following the Closing, and the Member Earnout Units (as defined therein) until the date such securities have been earned in accordance with the Business Combination Agreement and (iv) the Sponsor agreed not to, subject to certain exceptions, transfer, sell, assign or otherwise dispose of its (a) shares of Class A common stock (other than the Sponsor Earnout Shares, as defined therein) for six months following the Closing, (b) Sponsor Earnout Shares until the date such securities have been earned in accordance with the Business Combination Agreement and (c) warrants issued to the Sponsor pursuant to that certain Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated March 1, 2021, by and between the Company and the Sponsor, and the underlying shares of Class A common stock, for days following the Closing Date (such lock-up period superseding the lock-up period set forth in the Insider Letter (as defined in the IRA)), in each case, as more fully described in the IRA). Indemnification Agreements In connection with the Closing, the Company entered into indemnification agreements (each, an Indemnification Agreement with its directors and executive officers. Each Indemnification Agreement provides for indemnification and advancements by the Company of certain expenses and costs if the basis of the indemnitee s involvement in a matter was by reason of the fact that the indemnitee is or was a director, officer, employee, or agent of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or was serving at the Company s request in an official capacity for another entity, in each case to the fullest extent permitted by the laws of the State of Delaware. Credit Agreements On the Closing Date, certain direct and indirect subsidiaries of Biote entered into that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of May 26, 2022 (the Credit Agreement any capitalized terms used but not defined herein have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Credit Agreement), by and among, inter alios, Holdings, BioTE Medical, LLC, BioTE Medical ), BioTe IP, LLC, BioTe IP and, together with Holdings and BioTE Medical, collectively, the Loan Parties ), certain lenders party thereto from time to time (the Lenders ), and Truist Bank, as administrative agent for the Lenders Administrative Agent ). The Credit Agreement provides for (i) a senior secured revolving credit facility (the Revolving Loans and (ii) a senior secured term loan A credit facility, which was borrowed in full on the Closing Date (the Term Loan and, together with the Revolving Loans, collectively, the Loans , such transactions together the Debt Financing ). BioTE Medical used the proceeds of the Debt Financing to refinance and replace an existing credit facility pursuant to a credit agreement, dated as of May 17, 2019, with Bank of America, N.A and for general corporate purposes. The Loans are also subject to customary events of default. Events of default under the Credit Agreement include (subject to grace periods in certain instances): (i) the failure by any Loan Party to timely make payments due under the Credit Agreement; (ii) material misrepresentations or misstatements in any representation or warranty by any Loan Party when made; (iii) failure by any Loan Party to comply with the covenants under the Credit Agreement and other related agreements; (iv) certain defaults under a specified amount of other indebtedness of Holdings or its subsidiaries; (v) insolvency or bankruptcy-related events with respect to Holdings or any of its subsidiaries; (vi) certain undischarged, non-appealable judgments above a specified threshold against Holdings or any of its subsidiaries; (vii) certain ERISA-related events reasonably expected to result in liability above a specified threshold to Holdings and its subsidiaries taken as a whole; (viii) any loan documents or a material part of the liens under the loan documents ceasing to be, or being asserted by Holdings or its subsidiaries not to be, in full force and effect; (ix) any loan party or subsidiary denying that it has further obligations under any Loan Document; (x) any obligations under the loan documents ceasing to constitute senior indebtedness; and (x) the occurrence of a change of control. If an event of default has occurred and continues beyond any applicable cure period, Administrative Agent may (i) accelerate all outstanding obligations under the Credit Agreement or (ii) terminate the commitments, amongst other remedies. Additionally, BioTE Medical may not borrow under the Loans while an event of default is continuing. See Note 9 for further detail. 

Dietary supplements 

Disposable trocars 

Shipping fees 

Total product revenue 

Service revenue: 

Training 

Contract-term services 

Total service revenue 

Total revenue 

Revenue recognized by geographic region is as follows: 

Financial Statement Caption 
 
 Country 
 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 

Product revenue: 

2022 

2021 

United States 

All other 

Total product revenue 

Service revenue: 

United States 

All other 

Total service revenue 

Total revenue 

() 

Increases due to cash received, excluding amounts recognized as revenue during the period 

Transfers between current and non-current liabilities due to the expected revenue recognition period 

() 

() 

Total increase (decrease) in contract liabilities 

() 

() 

Consideration allocated to initial training due to deposits paid upfront is presented within deferred revenue on the consolidated balance sheets and is expected to be recognized as revenue within one year as the training is performed. Consideration allocated to contract-term services is presented within deferred revenue and deferred revenue, long-term for the amounts expected to be recognized within one year and longer than one year, respectively. Consideration allocated to the premiums within the management fee for pellet procedures is presented within deferred revenue current and deferred revenue, long-term for amounts expected to be recognized within one year and longer than one year, respectively. 

Unsatisfied contract-term services - Current 

Unsatisfied contract-term services - Long-term 

Total allocated to unsatisfied contract-term services 

Unsatisfied pellet procedures - Current 

Unsatisfied pellet procedures - Long-term 

Total allocated to unsatisfied pellet procedures 

Total deferred revenue - Current 

Total deferred revenue - Long-term 

The Company does not have a history of material returns or refunds and generally does not offer warranties or guarantees for any products or services. Expected returns and refunds are recorded as a reduction of revenue and are and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. 

Less: Obsolete and expired pellet allowance 

() 

() 

Pellet inventory, net 

Product inventory - Dietary supplements 

Less: Obsolete and expired dietary supplement allowance 

() 

() 

Dietary supplement inventory, net 

Inventory, net 

Leasehold improvements 

Office equipment 

Computer software 

Furniture and fixtures 

Computer equipment 

Construction in process 

Property and equipment 

Less: Accumulated depreciation 

() 

() 

Property and equipment, net 

Total depreciation expense related to property and equipment was and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Total depreciation expense was included in Selling, general and administrative expense in the consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income. The Company has not acquired any property and equipment under finance leases. The Company s property and equipment are all held within the United States. 

Development in process 

Less: Accumulated amortization 

() 

() 

Capitalized software, net 

Total amortization expense for capitalized software was and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. Total amortization expense was included in Selling, general and administrative expense in the consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income. 

Accrued employee-related costs 

Accrued merchant fees 

Accrued interest 

Legal accrual 

Other 

Accrued expenses 

(the Bank of America Term Loan ), which bore an interest rate quoted as . As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the outstanding principal on the Bank of America Term Loan was and , respectively. The Bank of America Credit Agreement also included a line of credit arrangement, under which the Company could borrow up to . The line was set to expire in May of 2024 and was secured by all assets of the Company. The Company did t draw on the line of credit during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. In connection with obtaining the Bank of America Credit Agreement in May of 2019, the Company incurred lender s fees and related attorney s fees of . The Company capitalized these costs and was amortizing these to interest expense over the maturity of the Bank of America Term Loan. The balance on the Bank of America Term Loan is presented in the consolidated balance sheet net of the related debt issuance costs. Amortization expense relate d to the debt issuance costs on the Bank of America Credit Agreement was and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. At June 30, 2022, the remaining unamortized Bank of America debt issuance costs of were w ritten off as a loss from extinguishment of debt in the Company s consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income upon extinguishment of the Bank of America Credit Agreement. In connection with the Business Combination, the Company entered into a new loan agreement as described below. A portion of the funds obtained from the new agreement were used to repay the Bank of America Term Loan in full. Truist Term Loan On the Closing Date, the Company entered into a new loan agreement with Truist Bank (the Credit Agreement and with respect to the term loan within, the Term Loan for . Interest on borrowings under the Credit Agreement is based on either, at the Company s election, the Standard Overnight Financing Rate plus an applicable margin of or or the Base Rate plus an applicable margin of or . At December 31, 2022, the interest rate charged to the Company was approximately . The Term Loam requires principal payments of approximately in installments on the last day of each calendar quarter, commencing on September 30, 2022, with repayment of the outstanding amount of the note due on maturity, which occurs on . As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding principal on the Term Loan was . Pursuant to the Credit Agreement, BioTE Medical may borrow under the Revolving Loans from time to time up to the total commitment of . The Company has t drawn on the line of credit during the year ended December 31, 2022. The Credit Agreement is secured by substantially all of the assets of the Company and is subject to, among other provisions, customary covenants regarding indebtedness, liens, negative pledges, restricted payments, certain prepayments of indebtedness, investments, fundamental changes, disposition of assets, sale and lease-back transactions, transactions with affiliates, amendments of or waivers with respect to restricted debt and permitted activities of the Company. :1.00, with respect to the fiscal quarter ending September 30, 2022 through and including the fiscal quarter ending March 31, 2023, (ii) :1.00, with respect to the fiscal quarter ending June 30, 2023 through and including March 31, 2024, and (iii) :1.00 thereafter. Beginning with the third fiscal quarter of 2022, the Company must not permit the Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio to be less than :1.00. Both financial covenants are tested quarterly. In connection with obtaining the Credit Agreement in May of 2022, the Company incurred lender s fees and related attorney s fees of approximately . The Company capitalized these costs and is amortizing these to interest expense over the term of the Term Loan. The balance on the Term Loan is presented in the consolidated balance sheet net of the related debt issuance costs. Amortization expense related to the debt issuance costs on the Credit Agreement was for the year ended December 31, 2022. The total amortization of debt issuance costs, inclusive of those related to both the Bank of America Credit Agreement and the Credit Agreement, was and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Less: Current portion 

() 

() 

Less: Unamortized debt issuance costs 

() 

() 

Term loan, net of current portion 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

F- 21 
 
 after the completion of the Business Combination. Each whole Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase share of Class A common stock at an exercise price of . Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of shares of Class A common stock. This means that only a whole warrant may be exercised at any given time by a warrant holder. No fractional warrants were issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants were traded, requiring a purchase of at least four units to receive or trade a whole warrant. The warrants will expire on , after the completion of the Business Combination, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. If the shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants are not registered under the Securities Act within business days following the Business Combination, the Company will be required to permit holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. However, no warrant will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and the Company will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to exercise their warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the exercising holder, unless an exemption is available. In the event that the conditions in the immediately preceding sentence are not satisfied with respect to a warrant, the holder of such warrant will not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In no event will the Company be required to net cash settle any warrant. In the event that a registration statement is not effective for the exercised warrants, the purchaser of a unit containing such warrant will have paid the full purchase price for the unit solely for the share of Class A common stock underlying such unit. The Company has agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than business days, after the closing of the Business Combination, the Company will use its reasonable best efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement for the registration, under the Securities Act, of the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants. The Company will use its reasonable best efforts to cause the same to become effective within business days following the Business Combination and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement, and a current prospectus relating thereto, until the expiration of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. Notwithstanding the above, if the Company s Class A common stock is at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that it satisfies the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, the Company may, at its option, require holders of Public Warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event the Company so elects, the Company will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but the Company will be required to use its best efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A share equals or exceeds Once the warrants become exercisable, the Company may call the warrants for redemption: in whole and not in part; 

 at a price of per warrant; 

 upon not less than days prior written notice of redemption (which we refer to as the 30-day redemption period) to each warrant holder; and 

 if, and only if, the last reported sale price of the Class A common stock equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 

 Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A share equals or exceeds Once the warrants become exercisable, the Company may call the warrants for redemption: in whole and not in part; 

 at per warrant upon a minimum of days prior written notice of redemption provided that holders will be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis prior to redemption and receive that number of shares of our Class A common stock to be determined based on the redemption date and the fair market value of shares of our Class A common stock except as otherwise described below; 

 if, and only if, the closing price of shares of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within the 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders; and 

In addition, if (x) the Company issues additional shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the Closing of the Business Combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than per share of Class A common stock (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the Company s board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to the Sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any founder shares held by the Sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than of the total equity proceeds, inclusive of interest earned on equity held in trust, available for the funding of the Business Combination on the date of the consummation of the Business Combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of the Company s common stock during the trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which the Business Combination is consummated (such price, the Market Value is below per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the per share redemption trigger price described above will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. The Company s Public Warrants are treated as liabilities and recorded at fair value in the Warrant liability line of the consolidated balance sheet. Any changes in fair value are recorded in the changes in fair value of warrants line of the consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income. Please see Note 12 for further detail. Public Warrants have been redeemed as of December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. Private Placement Warrants The Sponsor purchased an aggregate of Private Placement Warrants at a price of per whole warrant in a private placement that occurred simultaneously with the closing of Haymaker s initial public offering. Subsequently, the Sponsor purchased an additional Private Placement Warrants for an aggregate purchase price of in conjunction with the partial exercise of the underwriters overallotment option. Each whole Private Placement Warrant was exercisable for one share of the Company s Class A common stock at a price of per share. The Private Placement Warrants were non-redeemable and exercisable on a cashless basis so long as they are held by the Sponsor or its permitted transferees. The Private Placement Warrants (including the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants) were not transferable, assignable or saleable until days after the completion of the Business Combination and they are not redeemable so long as they are held by the Sponsor or its permitted transferees. Otherwise, the Private Placement Warrants had terms and provisions that were identical to those of the Public Warrants, including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period. If the Private Placement Warrants are held by holders other than the Sponsor or its permitted transferees, the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants. If holders of the Private Placement Warrants elect to exercise them on a cashless basis, they would pay the exercise price by surrendering their warrants for that number of shares of Class A common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of Class A common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and the fair market value (defined below) by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value shall mean the average reported last sale price of the Class A common stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of warrant exercise is sent to the warrant agent. On December 31, 2022, there were Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants outstanding. The Company accounts for the Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants in accordance with the guidance contained in ASC 815-40. Such guidance provides that because the warrants do not meet the criteria for equity treatment thereunder, each warrant must be recorded as a liability. The warrant liabilities are subject to re-measurement at each balance sheet date. With each such re-measurement, the warrant liabilities are adjusted to current fair value, with the change in fair value recognized in the Company s consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income. The Company reassesses the classification at each balance sheet date. If the classification changes as a result of events during the period, the warrants will be reclassified as of the date of the event that causes the reclassification. No such events requiring a change in classification of the warrants have occurred through December 31, 2022. The Company s Private Placement Warrants are treated as liabilities and recorded at fair value in the Warrant liability line of the balance sheet. Any changes in fair value are recorded in the changes in fair value of warrants line of the consolidated statement of income and comprehensive income. Please see Note 12 for further detail. 

 F- 23 
 
 Earnout Securities if certain share price targets (the Triggering Events are achieved by (the Earnout Deadline ). The Triggering Events each entitle the eligible equity holders to a certain number of shares per Triggering Event. The Triggering Events are as follows: (i) the first time, prior to the Earnout Deadline, that the volume-weighted average share price of Biote s Class A common stock VWAP equals or exceeds per share (the Price Target 1 for twenty trading days of any thirty consecutive trading day period following the Closing, one-third (1/3) of the Earnout Securities shall be vested and no longer subject to forfeiture and other transfer restrictions (the Earnout Restrictions ); 

 (ii) the first time, prior to the Earnout Deadline, that the VWAP equals or exceeds per share (the Price Target 2 for twenty trading days of any thirty consecutive trading day period following the Closing, one-third (1/3) of the Earnout Securities shall be vested and no longer subject to the Earnout Restrictions; 

 (iii) the first time, prior to the Earnout Deadline, that the VWAP equals or exceeds per share (the Price Target 3 for twenty trading days of any thirty consecutive trading day period following the Closing, one-third (1/3) of the Earnout Securities shall be vested and no longer subject to the Earnout Restrictions; and 

 (iv) if the Company completes a change of control prior to the Earnout Deadline, then all remaining unvested Earnout Securities shall vest and no longer be subject to the Earnout Restrictions. 

 The Company s Earnout liability is recorded at fair value in the consolidated balance sheet. Any changes in fair value are recorded in the changes in earnout liability line of the consolidated statement of income and comprehensive income. Please see Note 12 for further detail. 

Private Placement Warrants 

Earnout liability 

Fair Value Measurements as of May 26, 2022 

Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

Total 

Liabilities: 

Public Warrants 

Private Placement Warrants 

Earnout liability 

There were no movements between levels during the year ended December 31, 2022. These instruments were not outstanding on the Company s books for the year ended December 31, 2021. Level 3 Disclosures Private Placement Warrants As described in Note 10, the Company s Private Placement Warrants were initially issued by Haymaker and were thus acquired by the Company through the consummation of the Business Combination. Accordingly, the initial measurement date of the Private Placement Warrants for the Company was the Closing Date. The Private Placement Warrants were valued using a Monte Carlo simulation. Calculating the fair value of the Private Placement Warrants requires the input of subjective assumptions. Other reasonable assumptions could provide differing results. The carrying amount of the liability may fluctuate significantly, and actual amounts at settlement may be materially different from the liability s estimated value. 

Exercise price 

Risk-free rate 

Volatility 

Term (in years) 

Earnout Liability The Earnout liability was valued using a Monte Carlo simulation in order to project the future path of the Company s stock price over the earnout period. The carrying amount of the liability may fluctuate significantly, and actual amounts paid may be materially different from the liability s estimated value. 

Risk-free rate 

Volatility 

Term (in years) 

Gain from change in fair value 

() 

() 

() 

Fair value as of December 31, 2022 

membership interest in Holdings and Biote received an approximately ownership interest in Holdings. As a result of share issuances subsequent to the Closing of the Business Combination, Biote s ownership of Holdings, was approximately as of December 31, 2022. The Minority Interest Holders may from time to time, after the Closing Date, exchange with Biote, such holders units in Holdings for an equal number of shares of Biote s Class A common stock. As a result, Biote s ownership interest in Holdings will continue to increase. The Minority Interest Holders ownership interests are accounted for as noncontrolling interests in the Company s consolidated financial statements. Because the Business Combination was accounted for similar to a reverse recapitalization, the noncontrolling interest was initially recorded based on the Minority Interest Holders ownership interest in the pre-combination carrying value of Holdings equity, including net income (loss) for the periods prior to the Closing Date included in accumulated deficit as of the Closing Date. Subsequent to the Business Combination, the Minority Interest Holders interest in the net income (loss) of Holdings after the Closing Date is allocated to noncontrolling interest. In connection with the Business Combination, Biote issued the Minority Interest Holders an aggregate of shares of Class V voting stock. The Class V voting stock provides no economic rights in Biote to the holder thereof; however, vote per share of Class V voting stock at the time of such vote (subject to customary conversion rate adjustments for stock splits, stock dividends and reclassifications). 

 F- 25 
 
 shares of Class V voting stock were vested as of December 31, 2021 , and the Closing of the Business Combination triggered the vesting of the remaining incentive units equivalent to shares of Class V voting stock. compensation cost was recognized historically until the Closing of the Business Combination, and of share-based compensation expense was recognized at Closing related to the incentive units. As of December 31, 2022, there are no incentive units outstanding. Restricted Stock Units (Including Phantom Equity Rights) Holdings also previously authorized the grant of phantom equity rights, which entitled the holder to participate in the net transaction proceeds from a change in control or qualifying liquidity event. For current employees as of the Closing Date, these awards vest quarterly over a period of one or after a change in control or qualifying liquidity event, and each holder is entitled to receive a stated percentage of the net transaction proceeds in excess of certain thresholds in accordance with the terms of their respective award agreement. Awards related to former employees vest at the time of a change in control or qualifying liquidity event, and each holder is entitled to receive a stated percentage of the net transaction proceeds in excess of certain thresholds or a maximum amount in accordance with the terms of their respective award agreement. The Closing of the Business Combination met the performance condition in the phantom equity rights. compensation cost was recognized historically until the Closing of the Business Combination. The phantom equity rights are equity-classified awards. The grant date fair value of the phantom equity rights was determined using a Monte-Carlo simulation. The significant assumptions used in valuation include the constant risk-free rate, constant volatility factor and the Geometric Brownian Motion. At the Closing of the Business Combination, Holdings phantom equity rights related to former employees vested, and we recognized share-based compensation expense of related to these awards with an offsetting increase to equity based on the awards grant-date fair value. At Closing, the Company exercised its option to settle the awards for cash in the amount of . At the Closing of the Business Combination, Holdings phantom equity rights related to current employees were replaced with restricted stock units RSUs of Biote. The RSUs will continue to vest according to their original terms, quarterly over a period of one or after the Closing of the Business Combination. Since the Closing of the Business Combination, the Company continues to grant RSUs to certain employees under the 2022 Equity Incentive Plan adopted on May 26, 2022. New RSUs issued are valued at the Company s stock price on the date of grant. 

Granted 

Forfeited 

() 

Vested 

() 

RSUs outstanding at December 31, 2022 

The Company recognized share-based compensation expense of during the year ended December 31, 2022, related to RSUs, which included a cumulative catch-up of unrecognized share-based compensation expense for service provided from the grant date to the Closing of the Business Combination. As of December 31, 2022, there was of unrecognized share-based compensation expense related to unvested RSUs. This expense is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average remaining vesting period of year. Stock Options Subsequent to the Closing of the Business Combination, the Company began to grant stock options to certain employees, directors, and consultants under the 2022 Equity Incentive Plan adopted on May 26, 2022. 

Forfeited 

() 

Options outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Options exercisable December 31, 2022 

The Company recognized share-based compensation expense of during the year ended December 31, 2022 related to stock options. As of December 31, 2022, there was of unrecognized share-based compensation expense related to unvested stock options. This expense is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average remaining vesting period of years. 

Volatility 

Risk-free rate 

Dividend yield 

. . This extension included an additional square feet of space that would be available for use in December of 2023, which would be included in monthly rent payments at this date accordingly. The Company recognizes operating lease costs on a straight-line basis over the lease term within Selling, general and administrative expense in the consolidated statement of income and comprehensive income. 

Total lease cost 

Other information: 

Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities 

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities 

- 

Total lease assets 

Lease liabilities 

Current: 

Operating lease liabilities 

Non-current: 

Operating lease liabilities 

Total lease liabilities 

Weighted-average remaining lease term operating leases (years) 

Weighted-average discount rate operating leases 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total lease payments 

Less: Interest 

() 

Present value of lease liabilities 

Foreign 

() 

() 

Income before provision for income taxes 

State and Local 

Foreign 

Total current expense (benefit): 

Deferred income tax provision (benefit): 

Federal 

() 

State and Local 

() 

Foreign 
 
 - 

Total deferred expense (benefit): 

() 

Total income tax provision (benefit) 

State taxes, net of federal benefit 

Nontaxable partnership income 

- 

- 

Foreign rate differential 

- 

Change in valuation allowance 

The Company s significant rate reconciliation items are driven primarily by state taxes, permanent differences associated with Holdings flowthrough income and the recognition of a valuation allowance. 

Net operating loss carryforwards 

Intangibles 

Total deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

() 

Deferred tax assets, net of allowance 

As of December 31, 2022 , the Company had a foreign net operating losses of million, which begin to expire in . In assessing the realization of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which temporary differences representing future deductible amounts become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax assets, projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. After consideration of all the information available, management has recorded a valuation allowance against the foreign net operating losses and the portion of outside basis difference related to Holdings permanent book/tax differences. The calculation of our tax liabilities involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax laws and regulations for both federal taxes and the many states in which we operate or do business in. ASC 740 states that a tax benefit from an uncertain tax position may be recognized when it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination, including resolutions of any related appeals or litigation processes, on the basis of the technical merits. We record uncertain tax positions as liabilities in accordance with ASC 740 and adjust these liabilities when our judgment changes as a result of the evaluation of new information not previously available. Because of the complexity of some of these uncertainties, the ultimate resolution may result in a payment that is materially different from our current estimate of the unrecognized tax benefit liabilities. These differences will be reflected as increases or decreases to income tax expense in the period in which new information is available. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 we have t recorded any uncertain tax positions in our financial statements. The Company files tax returns as prescribed by the tax laws of the jurisdictions in which it operates. In the normal course of business, the Company is subject to examination by federal and state jurisdictions, where applicable. The resolution of tax matters is not expected to have a material effect on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

 F- 29 

Denominator: 

Weighted average shares outstanding (basic and diluted) 

Net loss per common share 

Basic 

() 

Diluted 

() 

On the Closing Date, the Company completed the Business Combination which materially impacted the number of shares outstanding, and the Company was organized in an Up-C structure. Net loss per common share information for the year ended December 31, 2022 has been presented on a prospective basis and reflects only the net loss attributable to holders of Biote s Class A common stock, as well as both basic and diluted weighted average Class A common stock outstanding, for the period from the Closing Date through December 31, 2022. Net loss per common share information prior to the Closing Date is not presented since the ownership structure of Holdings is not a common unit of ownership of the Company, and the resulting values would not be meaningful to the users of the consolidated financial statements. Net loss per common share is not separately presented for Class V voting stock since it has no economic rights to the income or loss of the Company. Class V voting stock is considered in the calculation of dilutive net loss per common share on an if-converted basis as these shares, together with the related Holdings Units, have Exchange Rights into Class A common stock that could result in additional Class A common stock being issued. All other potentially dilutive securities are determined based on the treasury stock method. See Note 1 for more information regarding the Business Combination. 

Stock Options 

Class V Voting Stock 

Public Warrants 

Private Placement Warrants 

Earnout Voting Shares 

Sponsor Earnout Shares 

, sued , the Company s outside legal counsel, and certain Company executive officers and directors in the District Court of Dallas County, Texas. Donovitz alleges that the defendants made a variety of false promises regarding Donovitz s future role in the Company, the protection of Donovitz s interests, and the continuance of Donovitz s seminars and training programs subsequent to the completion of the Business Combination. Otherwise, Donovitz claims he would not have agreed to the arrangements that led to the completion of the Business Combination and related transactions. Donovitz generally alleges fraud, negligent misrepresentation, a breach of the covenant of good faith and fair dealing, and breaches of fiduciary duties against the defendants (the Donovitz Claims ). Donovitz seeks monetary relief exceeding million, including, but not limited to, actual damages, damages to be determined at trial, punitive damages, attorneys fees, and equitable relief such as profit disgorgement, fee forfeiture, recession, and constructive trust. While not a direct party to the lawsuit, the Company believes that the allegations contained in the complaint are without merit and intends to participate in the defense of the litigation. On July 11, 2022, the Company sued Donovitz in the Delaware Court of Chancery, pursuing injunctive relief to prevent Donovitz from proceeding with the litigation over the Donovitz Claims in Texas. The Company seeks to enforce (a) the Company s certificate of incorporation, which mandates that stockholders must bring certain actions, including some or all of the Donovitz Claims, exclusively in Delaware, and (b) the Business Combination Agreement, by which Donovitz consented to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Delaware Court of Chancery and agreed that Delaware law governs any related claims, including some or all of the Donovitz Claims. Pending a ruling from the Delaware Court of Chancery, Donovitz agreed to stay all answer dates in that lawsuit in Texas. Then, on March 23, 2023, Donovitz filed an amended answer and counterclaims alleging what appear to be the same as the Donovitz Claims originally filed in Texas. On August 2, 2022, the Company sued Donovitz, Lani Hammonds Donovitz, and Lani D. Consulting in the District Court of Dallas County, Texas, seeking injunctive relief to enforce non-disparagement obligations of that certain founder advisory agreement with Donovitz and the independent contractor agreement with Lani Hammonds Donovitz, both of which were entered into by the subject parties in connection with the Business Combination. On August 23, 2022, the defendants filed an answer, which included affirmative defenses to the Company s claims and certain counterclaims and third-party claims against certain executive officers of the Company. The affirmative defenses included repudiation, fraud, breach of contract, unclean hands, and laches. The counterclaims and third-party claims included claims for fraud, breach of fiduciary duty, breach of contract, and defamation, as well as other related claims. The Company successfully obtained a temporary restraining order to enforce the non-disparagement obligations of Donovitz and Lani Hammonds Donovitz. The parties subsequently entered into an agreed order that the temporary restraining order will stay in effect until the entry of a final judgment. A jury trial was scheduled to commence on January 3, 2023, to address the Company s request for a permanent injunction, as well as adjudicate the affirmative defenses, with all remaining claims, counterclaims and third-party claims to be tried at a later date. After the filing of this lawsuit, the Company amended its claim in the Delaware Court of Chancery to also seek an injunction to prevent Donovitz from proceeding with certain of the affirmative defenses, counterclaims, and third-party claims filed by the defendants on August 23, 2022. On November 4, 2022, the Delaware Court of Chancery denied that request for injunctive relief, permitting the Texas lawsuit filed by the Company and all affirmative defenses and claims asserted therein to proceed in Texas. Subsequently, the parties agreed that the trial on the Company s claim for breach of contract, including its request for a permanent injunction, will be consolidated with a trial on the previously filed counterclaims and third-party claims. Prior to that agreement being reached, Donovitz and Lani Hammonds Donovitz filed an amended pleading which did not include any of their previously asserted affirmative defenses or assert any new affirmative defenses. It was also agreed that if Donovitz and or Lani Hammonds Donovitz seek leave to add any affirmative defenses before the final trial, at most they would be allowed to assert laches, unclean hands or mistake, and only if they can convince the trial court that any or all of those affirmative defenses would have qualified as claims that could have been non suited at the time they filed their amended pleading asserting no affirmative defenses. A jury trial is scheduled to commence on September 11, 2023. The temporary restraining order entered against Gary Donovitz and Lani Hammonds Donovitz remains in effect until the entry of a final judgment. Tax Distributions To the extent the Company has funds legally available, the board of directors will approve distributions to each stockholder on a quarterly basis, in an amount per share that, when added to all other distributions made to such stockholder with respect to the previous calendar year, equals the estimated federal and state income tax liabilities applicable to such stockholder as the result of its, his or her ownership of the units and the associated net taxable income allocated with respect to such units for the previous calendar year. 

 and during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Amounts due to the firm as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 were and , respectively. A former employee of the Company is the beneficiary of a trust which holds shares of our Class V voting stock, as well as being the child of the Company s founder who beneficially owns shares of our Class V voting stock. Compensation paid to the former employee was and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Amounts due to the former employee were and as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. In addition to their previous employment by the Company, the above referenced former employee also owns a clinic which was a customer of the Company. Revenues recognized from sales to this customer were and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Amounts due from this customer were and as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. A former employee of the Company is the spouse of the Company s founder who beneficially owns shares of our Class V voting stock. Compensation paid to the former employee was and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Amounts due to the former employee were and as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The Company purchases dietary supplements inventories from a vendor in which the Company s founder holds a minority interest. Inventory purchases from this vendor were and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Amounts due to the vendor were and as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. On May 18, 2022, BioTE Medical and Dr. Gary S. Donovitz entered into a founder advisory agreement, effective as of, and contingent upon, the Closing. Pursuant to the founder advisory agreement, Dr. Gary S. Donovitz transitioned from an officer and manager of BioTE Medical into the role of Founder Advisor and Senior Advisor (as defined in the founder advisory agreement) as of the Closing. Pursuant to the founder advisory agreement, Dr. Gary S. Donovitz provides strategic advisory services to BioTE Medical for a period of from the Closing, unless terminated earlier pursuant to the terms of the founder advisory agreement, and will receive an annual fee equal to per year, continued coverage under BioTE Medical s employee benefits and reimbursement for reasonable and pre-approved business expenses. On May 18, 2022, BioTE Medical entered into an independent contractor agreement with Lani D. Consulting, a company affiliated with Lani Hammonds Donovitz, the wife of Dr. Gary S. Donovitz (the New Independent Contractor Agreement ). Immediately upon the Closing, the New Independent Contractor Agreement replaced the independent contractor agreement dated as of May 3, 2021, between Lani D. Consulting and BioTE Medical. Pursuant to the New Independent Contractor Agreement, Lani D. Consulting provides certain services to BioTE Medical for a period of from the Closing, unless terminated earlier pursuant to the terms of the New Independent Contractor Agreement, and will receive an annual fee equal to per year and reimbursement for reasonable and pre-approved business expenses. BioTE Medical terminated Ms. Donovitz for cause, effective September 9, 2022. 

F- 32 

<EX-4>
 2
 btmd-ex4_3.htm
 EX-4.3

EX-4 

Exhibit 4.3 
 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES 
 The following summary of the material terms of our securities is not intended to be a complete description of all of the rights and preferences of such securities. Because it is only a summary, it does not contain all of the information that may be important to you, and is qualified by reference to our Charter, the Bylaws, the A R IRA and the Warrant Agreement, which are exhibits to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part. We urge you to read each of the Charter, the Bylaws, the A R IRA and the Warrant Agreement, which are filed as exhibits to the Annual Report on Form 10K, in their entirety for a complete description of the rights and preferences of our securities. 
 Authorized and Outstanding Stock 
 Our Charter authorizes the issuance of 718,000,000 shares, consisting of 708,000,000 shares of common stock, including (i) 600,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, (ii) 8,000,000 shares of Class B common stock, and (iii) 100,000,000 shares of Class V voting stock, and 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock. The outstanding shares of our common stock are, and the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants or pursuant to the Exchange Rights will be, duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. These numbers of holders do not include DTC participants or beneficial owners holding shares through nominee names. 
 The number of Holdings Units equal to the number of Sponsor Earnout Shares (the Sponsor Earnout Units together with the Sponsor Earnout Shares, the Earnout Voting Shares and the Member Earnout Units, the Earnout Securities ), are subject to certain restrictions and potential forfeiture pending the achievement (if any) of certain earnout targets pursuant to the terms of the Business Combination Agreement or the occurrence of a Change of Control. The Earnout Securities have voting rights but no right to dividends or distributions (except for certain tax distributions from Biote in accordance with the Holdings A R OA) until such restrictions and potential forfeiture have lapsed. One third of each of the Member Earnout Units, Earnout Voting Shares, Sponsor Earnout Shares and Sponsor Earnout Units will vest upon the occurrence of each of the following events: (i) the first time, prior to the Earnout Deadline, the VWAP equals or exceeds 12.50 per share for 20 consecutive trading days of any 30 consecutive trading day period following the Closing Date, (ii) the first time, prior to the Earnout Deadline, the VWAP equals or exceeds 15.00 per share for 20 trading days of any 30 consecutive trading day period following the Closing, and (iii) the first time, prior to the Earnout Deadline, the VWAP equals or exceeds 17.50 per share for 20 trading days of any 30 consecutive trading day period following the Closing. If a definitive agreement with respect to a Change of Control is entered into on or prior to the Earnout Deadline, then effective as of immediately prior to closing of such Change of Control, unless previously vested pursuant to clauses (i) through (iii) of the preceding sentence, each of the Member Earnout Units, Earnout Voting Shares, Sponsor Earnout Shares and Sponsor Earnout Units will vest. 
 Beginning on the six month anniversary of the Closing Date, each Retained Holdings Unit held by the Members may be redeemed, together with one share of Class V voting stock and subject to certain conditions, in exchange for either one share of Class A common stock or in certain circumstances, at the election of the Company in its capacity as the sole manager of Holdings, the cash equivalent of the market value of one share of Class A common stock, pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Holdings A R OA. 
 Common Stock 
 Our Common Stock consists of shares of Class A common stock, Class B common stock and Class V voting stock. 
 Voting Power 
 Except as otherwise required by law or the Charter (including any preferred stock designation), the holders of common stock exclusively possess all voting power with respect to the Company. Except as otherwise required by law or the Charter (including any preferred stock designation), the holders of shares of common stock are entitled to one vote per share on each matter properly submitted to the stockholders on which the holders of the common stock are entitled to vote. Except as otherwise required by law or the Charter (including any preferred stock designation), at any annual or special meeting of the stockholders of the Company, holders of the Class A common stock and holders of the Class V voting stock, voting together as a single class, have the exclusive right to vote for the election 

of directors and on all other matters properly submitted to a vote of the stockholders. Notwithstanding the foregoing, except as otherwise required by law or the Charter (including any preferred stock designation), holders of shares of any series of common stock are not entitled to vote on any amendment to the Charter (including any amendment to any preferred stock designation) that relates solely to the terms of one or more outstanding series of preferred stock or other series of common stock if the holders of such affected series of preferred stock or common stock, as applicable, are entitled exclusively, either separately or together with the holders of one or more other such series, to vote thereon pursuant to the Charter (including any preferred stock designation) or the Delaware General Corporate Law (the DGCL ). 
 Class B Common Stock 
 Except as otherwise required by law or the Charter (including any preferred stock designation), for so long as any shares of Class B common stock shall remain outstanding, the Company shall not, without the prior vote or written consent of the holders of a majority of the shares of Class B common stock then outstanding, voting separately as a single class, amend, alter or repeal any provision of the Charter, whether by merger, consolidation or otherwise, if such amendment, alteration or repeal would alter or change the powers, preferences or relative, participating, optional or other or special rights of the Class B common stock. Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the holders of Class B common stock may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote, if a consent or consents in writing, setting forth the action so taken, shall be signed by the holders of the outstanding Class B common stock having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares of Class B common stock were present and voted and shall be delivered to the Company by delivery to its registered office in the State of Delaware, its principal place of business, or to the Secretary of the Company or another officer or agent of the Company having custody of the book in which minutes of proceedings of stockholders are recorded. Delivery made to the Company s registered office shall be by hand or by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested. Prompt written notice of the taking of corporate action without a meeting by less than unanimous written consent of the holders of Class B common stock shall, to the extent required by law, be given to those holders of Class B common stock who have not consented in writing and who, if the action had been taken at a meeting, would have been entitled to notice of the meeting if the record date for notice of such meeting had been the date that written consents signed by a sufficient number of holders of Class B common stock to take the action were delivered to the Company. 
 Dividends 
 Our Economic Common Stock means Class A common stock together with Class B common stock. Subject to applicable law, the rights, if any, of the holders of any outstanding series of preferred stock and the provisions of the Charter, holders of shares of Economic Common Stock will be entitled to receive dividends and other distributions (payable in cash, property or capital stock of the Company), when, as and if declared thereon by our Board from time to time out of any assets or funds of the Company legally available therefor and shall share equally on a per share basis in such dividends and distributions. Dividends or distributions of cash, property or shares of capital stock of the Company may not be declared or paid on the Class V voting stock. 
 Liquidation, Dissolution and Winding Up 
 Subject to applicable law, the rights, if any, of the holders of any outstanding series of preferred stock and the provisions of the Charter, in the event of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution, distribution of assets or winding-up of the Company, after payment or provision for payment of the debts and other liabilities of the Company, the holders of shares of Economic Common Stock shall be entitled to receive all the remaining assets of the Company available for distribution to its stockholders, ratably in proportion to the number of shares of Economic Common Stock held by them. The holders of shares of Class V voting stock will not be entitled to receive, with respect of such shares, any assets of the Company in excess of the par value thereof, in the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the affairs of the Company. 
 Preemptive or Other Rights 
 Our stockholders have no preemptive or other subscription rights and there are no sinking fund or redemption provisions applicable to our common stock. 
 Election of Directors 
 Our Board is divided into three classes, with only one class of directors being elected in each year and each class (except for those directors appointed prior to the first annual meeting of stockholders of Biote) generally 

serving a term of three years. As described in our Charter, our initial Class I directors serve until the next annual meeting of stockholders following the Closing, initial Class II directors serve until the second annual meeting of stockholders following the Closing and initial Class III directors serve until the third annual meeting of stockholders. 
 Preferred Stock 
 The Charter provides that shares of preferred stock may be issued from time to time in one or more series. Our Board is authorized to fix the voting rights, if any, designations, powers, preferences, the relative, participating, optional or other special rights and any qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, applicable to the shares of each series. Our Board is able, without stockholder approval, to issue preferred stock with voting and other rights that could adversely affect the voting power and other rights of the holders of the common stock and could have anti-takeover effects. The ability of our Board to issue preferred stock without stockholder approval could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change of control of us or the removal of existing management. We have no preferred stock outstanding at the date hereof. Although we do not currently intend to issue any shares of preferred stock, we cannot assure you that we will not do so in the future. 
 Warrants 
 Public Stockholders Warrants 
 Each whole warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one share of Class A common stock at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as discussed below, provided that we have an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to them is available (or we permit holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis under the circumstances specified in the Warrant Agreement) and such shares are registered, qualified or exempt from registration under the securities, or blue sky, laws of the state of residence of the holder. Pursuant to the Warrant Agreement, a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of shares of Class A common stock. This means only a whole warrant may be exercised at a given time by a warrant holder. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade. Accordingly, unless you purchase at least four units, you will not be able to receive or trade a whole warrant. The warrants will expire five years after the Closing Date, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 
 We are not obligated to deliver any shares of Class A common stock pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and have no obligation to settle such warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the shares of Class A common stock underlying the warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to our satisfying our obligations described below with respect to registration. No warrant is exercisable and we are not obligated to issue shares of Class A common stock upon exercise of a warrant unless Class A common stock issuable upon such warrant exercise has been registered, qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the registered holder of the warrants. In the event that the conditions in the two immediately preceding sentences are not satisfied with respect to a warrant, the holder of such warrant is not entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In no event are we required to net cash settle any warrant, except as described in the following paragraph. In the event that a registration statement is not effective for the exercised warrants, the purchaser of a unit containing such warrant will have paid the full purchase price for the unit solely for the share of Class A common stock underlying such unit. 
 Under the Warrant Agreement, we have agreed that we will use our best efforts to maintain the effectiveness of a registration statement, and a current prospectus relating thereto, until the expiration of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of the Warrant Agreement. Notwithstanding the above, if our Class A common stock are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders of Public Warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, and in the event we do not so elect, we will use our best efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of shares of Class A common stock equal to the lesser of (A) the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of Class A common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the fair market value (defined below) less the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the fair market value and (B) 0.361. The fair market value as used in this paragraph shall 

mean the volume weighted average price of the Class A common stock for the 10 trading days ending on the trading day prior to the date on which the notice of exercise is received by the Warrant Agent. 
 Redemption of Warrants When the Price Per Share of Class A common stock Equals or Exceeds 18.00 
 Once the warrants become exercisable, we may call the warrants for redemption (except as described herein with respect to the private placement warrants): 
 in whole and not in part; 

at a price of 0.01 per warrant; 

upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption (the 30-day redemption period to each warrantholder; and 

if, and only if, the closing price of the Class A common stock equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which we send the notice of redemption to the warrantholders. 

We will not redeem the warrants as described above unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the issuance of the shares of the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is then effective and a current prospectus relating to those shares of the Class A common stock is available throughout the 30-day redemption period. We may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. 
 We have established the last of the redemption criterion discussed above to prevent a redemption call unless there is at the time of the call a significant premium to the warrant exercise price. If the foregoing conditions are satisfied and we issue a notice of redemption of the warrants, each warrant holder will be entitled to exercise his, her or its warrant prior to the scheduled redemption date. However, the price of the Class A common stock may fall below the 18.00 redemption trigger price (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described under the heading Warrants-Public Stockholders Warrants-Anti-Dilution Adjustments as well as the 11.50 warrant exercise price after the redemption notice is issued. 
 Redemption of Warrants When the Price Per Share of Class A Common Stock Equals or Exceeds 10.00 
 Once the warrants become exercisable, we may redeem the warrants: 
 in whole and not in part; 

at 0.10 per warrant upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption provided that holders will be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis prior to redemption and receive that number of shares of the Class A common stock to be determined by reference to the table below, based on the redemption date and the fair market value of shares of the Class A common stock (as defined below) except as otherwise described below; 

if, and only if, the closing price of shares of the Class A common stock equals or exceeds 10.00 per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant) for any 20 trading days within the 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which we send the notice of redemption to the warrantholders; and 

if the closing price of the Class A common stock for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders is less than 18.00 per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant), the private placement warrants must also be concurrently called for redemption on the same terms as the outstanding public warrants, as described above. 

We have the right to redeem the warrants when the shares of our Class A common stock are trading at a price equal to or exceeding 10.00, which is below the exercise price of 11.50. If we choose to redeem the warrants when the shares of the Class A common stock are trading at a price below the exercise price of the warrants, this could result in the warrant holders receiving fewer shares of our Class A common stock than they would have 

received if they had chosen to wait to exercise their warrants for shares of our Class A common stock if and when such shares of the Class A common stock were trading at a price higher than the exercise price of 11.50. 
 No fractional shares of the Class A common stock will be issued upon exercise. If, upon exercise, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will round down to the nearest whole number of shares of the Class A common stock to be issued to the holder. If, at the time of redemption, the warrants are exercisable for a security other than the shares of the Class A common stock pursuant to the Warrant Agreement, the warrants may be exercised for such security. 
 Exercise Limitations 
 A holder of a warrant may notify us in writing in the event it elects to be subject to a requirement that such holder will not have the right to exercise such warrant, to the extent that after giving effect to such exercise, such person (together with such person s Affiliates), to the Warrant Agent s actual knowledge, would beneficially own in excess of 4.9 or 9.8 (as specified by the holder) of the Class A common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise. 
 Anti-Dilution Adjustments 
 If the number of outstanding shares of Class A common stock is increased by a stock dividend payable in shares of Class A common stock, or by a split-up of Class A common stock or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such stock dividend, split-up or similar event, the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable on exercise of each warrant will be increased in proportion to such increase in the outstanding shares of Class A common stock. A rights offering to holders of Class A common stock entitling holders to purchase Class A common stock at a price less than the fair market value will be deemed a stock dividend of a number of shares of Class A common stock equal to the product of (i) the number of shares of Class A common stock actually sold in such rights offering (or issuable under any other equity securities sold in such rights offering that are convertible into or exercisable for Class A common stock) and (ii) the quotient of (x) the price per share of Class A common stock paid in such rights offering and (y) the fair market value. For these purposes (i) if the rights offering is for securities convertible into or exercisable for shares of Class A common stock, in determining the price payable for Class A common stock, there will be taken into account any consideration received for such rights, as well as any additional amount payable upon exercise or conversion and (ii) fair market value means the volume weighted average price of shares of Class A common stock as reported during the 10 trading day period ending on the trading day prior to the first date on which the Class A common stock trades on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market, regular way, without the right to receive such rights. 
 In addition, if we, at any time while the warrants are outstanding and unexpired, pay a dividend or make a distribution in cash, securities or other assets to the holders of Class A common stock on account of such Class A common stock (or other securities into which the warrants are convertible), other than (a) as described above, (b) certain ordinary cash dividends, (c) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of Class A common stock in connection with a proposed initial business combination or extension of the time period in which we must complete an initial business combination, or (d) in connection with the redemption of our public shares upon our failure to complete our initial business combination, then the warrant exercise price will be decreased, effective immediately after the effective date of such event, by the amount of cash and/or the fair market value of any securities or other assets paid on each share of Class A common stock in respect of such event. 
 If the number of outstanding shares of Class A common stock is decreased by a consolidation, combination, reverse stock split or reclassification of Class A common stock or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such consolidation, combination, reverse stock split, reclassification or similar event, the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable on exercise of each warrant will be decreased in proportion to such decrease in outstanding shares of Class A common stock. 
 Whenever the number of shares of Class A common stock purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants is adjusted, as described above, the warrant exercise price will be adjusted by multiplying the warrant exercise price immediately prior to such adjustment by a fraction (x) the numerator of which will be the number of shares of Class A common stock purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants immediately prior to such adjustment, and (y) the denominator of which will be the number of shares of Class A common stock so purchasable immediately thereafter. 
 In case of any reclassification or reorganization of the outstanding Class A common stock (other than those described above or that solely affects the par value of such Class A common stock), or in the case of any merger or 

consolidation of us with or into another corporation (other than a consolidation or merger in which we are the continuing corporation and that does not result in any reclassification or reorganization of our outstanding Class A common stock), or in the case of any sale or conveyance to another corporation or entity of the assets or other property of us as an entirety or substantially as an entirety in connection with which we are dissolved, the holders of the warrants will thereafter have the right to purchase and receive, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified in the warrants and in lieu of the Class A common stock immediately theretofore purchasable and receivable upon the exercise of the rights represented thereby, the kind and amount of shares of Class A common stock or other securities or property (including cash) receivable upon such reclassification, reorganization, merger or consolidation, or upon a dissolution following any such sale or transfer, that the holder of the warrants would have received if such holder had exercised their warrants immediately prior to such event. If less than 70 of the consideration receivable by the holders of Class A common stock in such a transaction is payable in the form of Class A common stock in the successor entity that is listed for trading on a national securities exchange or is quoted in an established over-the-counter market, or is to be so listed for trading or quoted immediately following such event, and if the registered holder of the warrant properly exercises the warrant within thirty days following public disclosure of such transaction, the warrant exercise price will be reduced as specified in the Warrant Agreement based on the Black-Scholes Warrant Value (as defined in the Warrant Agreement) of the warrant. The purpose of such exercise price reduction is to provide additional value to holders of the warrants when an extraordinary transaction occurs during the exercise period of the warrants pursuant to which the holders of the warrants otherwise do not receive the full potential value of the warrants. 
 The warrants have been issued in registered form under the Warrant Agreement. The Warrant Agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision, and that all other modifications or amendments will require the vote or written consent of the holders of a majority of the then outstanding public warrants, and, solely with respect to any amendment to the terms of the private placement warrants, a majority of the then outstanding private placement warrants. 
 The warrants may be exercised upon surrender of the warrant certificate on or prior to the expiration date at the offices of the Warrant Agent, with the exercise form on the reverse side of the warrant certificate completed and executed as indicated, accompanied by full payment of the exercise price (or on a cashless basis, if applicable), by certified or official bank check payable to us, for the number of warrants being exercised. The warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of common stock and any voting rights until they exercise their warrants and receive Class A common stock. After the issuance of Class A common stock upon exercise of the warrants, each holder will be entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. 
 No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the warrants. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round the number of shares of Class A common stock to be issued to the warrant holder down to the nearest whole number. 
 We have agreed that, subject to applicable law, any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the Warrant Agreement will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction will be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. This provision applies to claims under the Securities Act but does not apply to claims under the Exchange Act or any claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. 
 Private Placement Warrants 
 The private placement warrants (including the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants) are not redeemable by us so long as they are held by the Sponsor or its permitted transferees. The initial purchasers, or their permitted transferees, have the option to exercise the private placement warrants on a cashless basis. Except as described in this section, the private placement warrants have terms and provisions that are identical to those of the warrants sold as part of the units in the IPO, including that they may be redeemed for shares of Class A common stock. If the private placement warrants are held by holders other than the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees, the private placement warrants will be redeemable by us in all redemption scenarios and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the warrants included in the units sold in the IPO. 
 Except under certain circumstances, if holders of the private placement warrants elect to exercise them on a cashless basis, they would pay the exercise price by surrendering his, her or its warrants for that number of shares of 

Class A common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of Class A common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the fair market value of our Class A common stock (defined below) over the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value will mean the average closing price of the Class A common stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of warrant exercise is sent to the Warrant Agent. 
 Dividends 
 The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition. The payment of any cash dividends is within the discretion of our Board. Our Board is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any stock dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any indebtedness, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 
 Transfer Agent and Warrant Agent 
 The transfer agent for our common stock and Warrant Agent for our warrants is Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. We have agreed to indemnify Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company in its roles as transfer agent and Warrant Agent, its agents and each of its stockholders, directors, officers and employees against all claims and losses that may arise out of acts performed or omitted for its activities in that capacity, except for any liability due to any gross negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith of the indemnified person or entity. Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company has agreed that it has no right of set-off or any right, title, interest or claim of any kind to, or to any monies in, the trust account, and has irrevocably waived any right, title, interest or claim of any kind to, or to any monies in, the trust account that it may have now or in the future. Accordingly, any indemnification provided will only be able to be satisfied, or a claim will only be able to be pursued, solely against us and our assets outside the trust account and not against the any monies in the trust account or interest earned thereon. 
 Certain Anti-Takeover Provisions of Delaware Law and the Company s Charter and Bylaws 
 At any time when we have a class of voting stock that is either listed on a national securities exchange or held of record by more than 2,000 stockholders, we will be subject to Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which prohibits a Delaware corporation from engaging in any business combination with any interested stockholder for a period of three years after the date that such stockholder became an interested stockholder, subject to certain exceptions. This statute prevents certain Delaware corporations, under certain circumstances, from engaging in a business combination with: 
 a stockholder who owns 15 or more of our outstanding voting stock (otherwise known as an interested stockholder ); 

an Affiliate of an interested stockholder; or 

an associate of an interested stockholder, for three years following the date that the stockholder became an interested stockholder. 

A business combination includes a merger or sale of more than 10 of our assets. However, the above provisions of Section 203 do not apply if: 
 our Board approves the transaction that made the stockholder an interested stockholder, prior to the date of the transaction; 

after the completion of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, that stockholder owned at least 85 of our voting stock outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, other than statutorily excluded shares of common stock; or 

on or subsequent to the date of the transaction, the business combination is approved by our Board and authorized at a meeting of our stockholders, and not by written consent, by an affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting stock not owned by the interested stockholder. 

The Charter opts out of Section 203 of the DGCL. 
 The Charter contains certain limitations on convening special stockholder meetings. In addition, the prior charter and the Charter do not provide for cumulative voting in the election of directors. Our Board is empowered to elect a director to fill a vacancy created by the expansion of the Board or the resignation, death, or removal of a 

director in certain circumstances; and our advance notice provisions require that stockholders must comply with certain procedures in order to nominate candidates to our Board or to propose matters to be acted upon at a stockholders meeting. 
 Our authorized but unissued common stock and preferred stock are available for future issuances without stockholder approval and could be utilized for a variety of corporate purposes, including future offerings to raise additional capital, acquisitions and employee benefit plans. The existence of authorized but unissued and unreserved common stock and preferred stock could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise. 
 Forum Selection Clause 
 Our Charter provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware shall be the sole and exclusive forum for any stockholder (including a beneficial owner) to bring: (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Company; (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of fiduciary duty owed by any of the Company s directors, officers or other employees of the Company to the Company or its stockholders; (iii) any action asserting a claim against the Company, its directors, officers or employees arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL or the Charter or Bylaws; or (iv) any action asserting a claim against the Company, its directors, officers or employees governed by the internal affairs doctrine and, if brought outside of Delaware, the stockholder bringing the suit will be deemed to have consented to service of process on such stockholder s counsel except any action (A) as to which the Court of Chancery determines that there is an indispensable party not subject to the jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery (and the indispensable party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery within ten days following such determination), (B) which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum other than the Court of Chancery or (C) for which the Court of Chancery does not have subject matter jurisdiction. Unless the Company consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States of America shall be the sole and exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. Under the Securities Act, federal and state courts have concurrent jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act, and stockholders cannot waive compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. Accordingly, there is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce such a forum selection provision as written in connection with claims arising under the Securities Act. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the forum selection clause will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America shall be the sole and exclusive forum. 
 Rule 144 
 Pursuant to Rule 144 promulgated by the SEC under the Securities Act, as may be amended from time to time Rule 144 ), a person who has beneficially owned restricted shares of our common stock or warrants for at least six months would be entitled to sell their securities provided that, (i) such person is not deemed to have been one of our Affiliates at the time of, or at any time during the three months preceding, a sale and (ii) we are subject to the Exchange Act periodic reporting requirements for at least three months before the sale and have filed all required reports under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the 12 months (or such shorter period as we were required to file reports) preceding the sale. 
 Persons who have beneficially owned restricted shares of our common stock or warrants for at least six months but who are our Affiliates at the time of, or at any time during the three months preceding, a sale, would be subject to additional restrictions, by which such person would be entitled to sell within any three-month period only a number of securities that does not exceed the greater of: 
 1 of the total number of shares of Class A common stock then outstanding; or 

the average weekly reported trading volume of the Class A common stock during the four calendar weeks preceding the filing of a notice on Form 144 with respect to the sale. 

Sales by our Affiliates under Rule 144 are also limited by manner of sale provisions and notice requirements and to the availability of current public information about us. 

Investor Rights 
 The Company, the Members, the Sponsor, the Members Representative and certain other parties are party to an investor rights agreement, which was amended on July 19, 2022, or the A R IRA, pursuant to which, (i) the Company provided certain registration rights for the shares of Class A common stock held by the Members, the Sponsor, and certain other parties, (ii) the Members agreed not to, subject to certain exceptions, transfer, sell, assign or otherwise dispose of the shares of Class A common stock, shares of Class V voting stock and Holdings Units held by such Members for six months following the Closing, and the Member Earnout Units until the date such securities have been earned in accordance with the Business Combination Agreement and (v) the Sponsor agreed not to, subject to certain exceptions, transfer, sell, assign or otherwise dispose of its (a) shares of Class A common stock (other than the Sponsor Earnout Shares) for six months following the Closing, (b) Sponsor Earnout Shares until the date such securities have been earned in accordance with the Business Combination Agreement and (c) warrants issued to the Sponsor pursuant to that certain Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated March 1, 2021, by and between the Company and the Sponsor, and the underlying shares of Class A common stock, for 30 days following the Closing Date (in each case, as more fully described in the A R IRA). All lock-up restrictions, other than those related to the Member Earnout Units and the Sponsor Earnout Shares, have expired. 

</EX-4>

<EX-10>
 3
 btmd-ex10_1.htm
 EX-10.1

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.1 
 
 biote Corp. 
 
 Non-Employee Director Compensation Policy 
 
 Each member of the Board of Directors (the Board of biote Corp. (the Company who is a non-employee director of the Company or any of its subsidiaries (each, an Eligible Director will receive the compensation described in this Non-Employee Director Compensation Policy (this Policy for Board service upon and following November 3, 2022 (the Effective Date ). 
 
 An Eligible Director may decline all or any portion of such compensation by giving notice to the Company prior to the date cash may be paid or equity awards are to be granted, as the case may be, subject to compliance with applicable tax laws. 
 
 This Policy is effective as of the Effective Date and may be amended at any time in the sole discretion of the Board. 
 
 Annual Cash Compensation 
 
 The annual cash compensation set forth below is payable to Eligible Directors in equal quarterly installments, payable in arrears on the last day of each fiscal quarter in which the service occurred. 
 
 If an Eligible Director joins the Board, or a committee of the Board, at a time other than effective as of the first day of a fiscal quarter, each annual retainer set forth below will be prorated based on days served in the applicable fiscal quarter, with the prorated amount paid on the last day of the first fiscal quarter in which the Eligible Director provides the service and regular full quarterly payments thereafter. 
 
 1.	 Annual Board Service Retainer : 
 a.	All Eligible Directors: 45,000 
 b.	Non-Executive Chair (in addition to Eligible Director Service Retainer): 35,000 
 c. 	Lead Director (in addition to Eligible Director Service Retainer): 20,000 
 
 2.	 Annual Committee Chair Service Retainer : 
 a.	Chair of the Audit Committee: 20,000 
 b.	Chair of the Compensation Committee: 15,000 
 c.	Chair of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee: 10,000 
 
 3.	 Annual Committee Member Service Retainer (not applicable to Committee Chairs) : 
 a.	Member of the Audit Committee: 10,000 
 b.	Member of the Compensation Committee: 7,500 
 c.	Member of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee: 5,000 

Equity Compensation 
 
 All equity awards granted pursuant to this Policy will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Company s 2022 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended, or any successor thereto (the Plan and a Company-approved form of 
 	 1 . 
 
 276926556 v3 

award agreement. All stock options granted pursuant to the Policy will be granted with an exercise price not less than Fair Market Value (as defined in the Plan) as of the applicable grant date. 
 
 Initial Grants 
 
 For each Eligible Director who is first elected or appointed to the Board following the Effective Date, on the date of such Eligible Director s initial election or appointment to the Board (or, if such date is not a market trading day, the first market trading day thereafter), the Eligible Director will be automatically, and without further action by the Board or the Compensation Committee of the Board, granted an option to purchase shares of the Company s Class A common stock (an Option with a grant value of 350,000 (the Initial Grant ). The shares subject to the Initial Grant will vest in 36 substantially equal monthly installments from the grant date, subject to the Eligible Director s Continuous Service (as defined in the Plan) through each vesting date. 
 
 Annual Grants 
 
 On the date of each annual stockholder meeting of the Company held after the Effective Date, each Eligible Director who continues to serve as a non-employee member of the Board following such stockholder meeting (excluding any Eligible Director who is first appointed or elected to the Board at such meeting) will be automatically, and without further action by the Board or the Compensation Committee of the Board, granted an Option with a grant value of 175,000 (the Annual Grant ). The shares subject to the Annual Grant will vest in full on the earlier of the first anniversary of the grant date or the day prior to the date of the Company s next annual stockholder meeting, subject to the Eligible Director s Continuous Service through each vesting date. With respect to an Eligible Director who, following the Effective Date, is first elected or appointed to the Board on a date other than the date of the Company s annual stockholder meeting, upon the Company s first annual stockholder meeting following such Eligible Director s first joining the Board, such Eligible Director s first Annual Grant will be prorated to reflect the time between such Eligible Director s election or appointment date and the date of such first annual stockholder meeting. 
 
 If the Company is subject to a Change in Control (as defined in the Plan), all then-outstanding equity awards granted to an Eligible Director pursuant to this Policy shall vest (and, if applicable, shall become exercisable) in full upon, and subject to such Eligible Director remaining in Continuous Service through the date of, such Change in Control. 
 
 Equity-in-Lieu-of-Cash Election 
 
 Instead of receiving the cash fees described under the Annual Board Service Retainer header in the Annual Cash Compensation section of this Policy Eligible Fees ), an Eligible Director may elect to receive an award of fully vested deferred settlement restricted stock units RSUs in lieu of all (but not less than all) of such Eligible Fees. 
 
 Such RSUs will be referred to as the Retainer RSUs , and the election to receive such Retainer RSUs, a Retainer Grant Election . Absent such timely Retainer Grant Election, an Eligible Director will receive an Annual Board Service Retainer in cash as described above. 
 If (and only if) an Eligible Director timely makes a Retainer Grant Election, then, without any further action by the Board or the Compensation Committee, the Retainer RSUs will be granted on the same day as Annual Grants are made. Retainer RSUs will be fully vested upon grant, but settlement of such Retainer RSUs will be deferred 
 	 2 . 
 
 276926556 v3 

(i.e., no shares will be issued in fulfilment of such Retainer RSUs) until the earlier of (i) the date such Eligible Director ceases to provide Continuous Service to the Company and (ii) such date as specified by the Eligible Director in the Retainer Grant Election, in accordance with the Retainer Grant Election. 
 To be effective, a Retainer Grant Election must be submitted to the Company s General Counsel (or such other individual as the Company designates) on or prior to December 31 of a calendar year (to be effective with respect to Eligible Fees earned beginning on January 1 of the next following calendar year). 
 An Eligible Director may terminate a Retainer Grant Election by submitting notice to the Company s General Counsel (or such other individual as the Company designates) at any time. Such terminations shall be effective with respect to Eligible Fees earned beginning on the first calendar day of the next following calendar year after such termination notice is submitted. 
 Retainer Grant Elections shall be made pursuant to a form of election approved by the Board and shall be subject to such rules, conditions and procedures as shall be determined by the Board in its sole discretion, which rules, conditions and procedures shall at all times comply with the requirements of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the final treasury regulations and other legally binding guidance promulgated thereunder. 
 Equity Policies and Procedures 
 The number of shares of Class A common stock subject to each equity award described herein shall be determined in accordance with Company policies and practices in effect from time to time, including any Equity Grant Policy adopted by the Board. 
 
 Non-Employee Director Compensation Limit 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, the aggregate value of all compensation granted or paid, as applicable, to any individual for service as a Non-Employee Director (as defined in the Plan) shall in no event exceed the limits set forth in Section 3(d) of the Plan or any limitations contained in any successor plan. 
 Expenses 
 
 The Company will reimburse each Eligible Director for ordinary, necessary and reasonable out-of-pocket travel expenses to cover in-person attendance at and participation in Board and committee meetings; provided, that the Eligible Director timely submit to the Company appropriate documentation substantiating such expenses in accordance with the Company s travel and expense policy, as in effect from time to time. 
 	 3 . 
 
 276926556 v3 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 4
 btmd-ex10_17.htm
 EX-10.17

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.17 
 biote Corp. 
 2022 Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 Adopted by the Board of Directors: May 26, 2022 Approved by the Stockholders: May 24, 2022 
 
 1. General. 

(a) Plan Purpose. The Company, by means of the Plan, seeks to secure and retain the services of Employees, Directors and Consultants, to provide incentives for such persons to exert maximum efforts for the success of the Company and any Affiliate and to provide a means by which such persons may be given an opportunity to benefit from increases in value of the Common Stock through the granting of Awards. 

(b) Available Awards. The Plan provides for the grant of the following Awards: 

(i) Incentive Stock Options; (ii) Nonstatutory Stock Options; (iii) SARs; (iv) Restricted Stock Awards; (v) RSU Awards; (vi) Performance Awards; and (vii) Other Awards. 
 
 (c) Adoption Date; Effective Date. The Plan will come into existence on the Adoption Date, but no Award may be granted prior to the Effective Date. 

2. Shares Subject to the Plan. 

(a) Share Reserve. Subject to adjustment in accordance with Section 2(c) and any adjustments as necessary to implement any Capitalization Adjustments, the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock that may be issued pursuant to Awards will not exceed 11,965,873 shares of Common Stock. In addition, subject to any adjustments as necessary to implement any Capitalization Adjustments, such aggregate number of shares of Common Stock will automatically increase on January 1 of each year for a period of ten years commencing on January 1, 2023 and ending on (and including) January 1, 2032, in an amount equal to five percent (5 of the total number of shares of the Company s Capital Stock outstanding on a fully diluted basis and securities convertible into or exchangeable for the Company s Capital Stock on December 31 of the preceding year; provided, however that the Board may act prior to January 1 st of a given year to provide that the increase for such year will be a lesser number of shares of Common Stock. 

(b) Aggregate Incentive Stock Option Limit. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 2(a) and subject to any adjustments as necessary to implement any Capitalization Adjustments, the aggregate maximum number of shares of Common Stock that may be issued pursuant to the exercise of Incentive Stock Options is 35,897,619 shares (equal to three times the total number of shares of Common Stock initially reserved for issuance under Section 2(a)). 

(c) Share Reserve Operation. 

(i) Limit Applies to Common Stock Issued Pursuant to Awards. For clarity, the Share Reserve is a limit on the number of shares of Common Stock that may be issued pursuant to Awards and does not limit the granting of Awards, except that the Company will keep available at all times the number of shares of Common Stock required to satisfy its obligations to 

issue shares pursuant to such Awards. Shares may be issued in connection with a merger or acquisition as permitted by, as applicable, Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635(c), NYSE Listed Company Manual Section 303A.08, NYSE American Company Guide Section 711 or other applicable rule, and such issuance will not reduce the number of shares available for issuance under the Plan. 

(ii) Actions that Do Not Constitute Issuance of Common Stock and Do Not Reduce Share Reserve. The following actions do not result in an issuance of shares under the Plan and accordingly do not reduce the number of shares subject to the Share Reserve and available for issuance under the Plan: (1) the expiration or termination of any portion of an Award without the shares covered by such portion of the Award having been issued; (2) the settlement of any portion of an Award in cash i.e. , the Participant receives cash rather than Common Stock); 

(3) the withholding of shares that would otherwise be issued by the Company to satisfy the exercise, strike or purchase price of an Award; or (4) the withholding of shares that would otherwise be issued by the Company to satisfy a tax withholding obligation in connection with an Award. 
 
 (iii) Reversion of Previously Issued Shares of Common Stock to Share Reserve. The following shares of Common Stock underlying a previously granted Award and accordingly initially deducted from the Share Reserve will be added back to the Share Reserve and again become available for issuance under the Plan: (1) any shares that are forfeited back to or repurchased by the Company because of a failure to meet a contingency or condition required for the vesting of an Award; (2) any shares that are reacquired by the Company to satisfy the exercise, strike or purchase price of an Award; and (3) any shares that are reacquired by the Company to satisfy a tax withholding obligation in connection with an Award. 

(d) Phantom Share Reserve. An additional 3,887,750 shares of Common Stock, subject to adjustments as necessary to implement any Capitalization Adjustments, shall be reserved under this Plan to be used exclusively to satisfy the Company s obligations under the Phantom Equity Acknowledgements (as defined in the Business Combination Agreement) (the Phantom Share Reserve ). The Phantom Share Reserve shall be in addition to and shall not reduce the Share Reserve, provided that any shares of Common Stock issued pursuant to this Section 2(d) shall constitute Awards under this Plan for all other relevant purposes. The shares of Common Stock issued pursuant to this Section 2(d) that are forfeited, canceled, held back upon exercise or settlement to cover the exercise price or tax withholding, reacquired or repurchased by the Company, satisfied without the issuance of Common Stock or otherwise terminated (other than by exercise) shall be added back to the Phantom Share Reserve, but shall not be added back to the Share Reserve. 

3. Eligibility and Limitations. 

(a) Eligible Award Recipients. Subject to the terms of the Plan, Employees, Directors and Consultants are eligible to receive Awards. 

(b) Specific Award Limitations. 

(i) Limitations on Incentive Stock Option Recipients. Incentive Stock Options may be granted only to Employees of the Company or a parent corporation or subsidiary corporation thereof (as such terms are defined in Sections 424(e) and (f) of the Code). 

(ii) Incentive Stock Option 100,000 Limitation. To the extent that the aggregate Fair Market Value (determined at the time of grant) of Common Stock with respect to which Incentive Stock Options are exercisable for the first time by any Optionholder during any calendar year (under all plans of the Company and any Affiliates) exceeds 100,000 (or such other limit established in the Code) or otherwise does not comply with the rules governing Incentive Stock Options, the Options or portions thereof that exceed such limit (according to the order in which they were granted) or otherwise do not comply with such rules will be treated as Nonstatutory Stock Options, notwithstanding any contrary provision of the applicable Option Agreement(s). 

(iii) Limitations on Incentive Stock Options Granted to Ten Percent Stockholders. A Ten Percent Stockholder may not be granted an Incentive Stock Option unless 

(i) the exercise price of such Option is at least 110 of the Fair Market Value on the date of grant of such Option and (ii) the Option is not exercisable after the expiration of five years from the date of grant of such Option. 
 
 (iv) Limitations on Nonstatutory Stock Options and SARs. Nonstatutory Stock Options and SARs may not be granted to Employees, Directors and Consultants who are providing Continuous Service only to any parent of the Company (as such term is defined in Rule 405) unless the stock underlying such Awards is treated as service recipient stock under Section 409A because the Awards are granted pursuant to a corporate transaction (such as a spin off transaction) or unless such Awards otherwise comply with the distribution requirements of Section 409A. 

(c) Aggregate Incentive Stock Option Limit. The aggregate maximum number of shares of Common Stock that may be issued pursuant to the exercise of Incentive Stock Options is the number of shares specified in Section 2(b). 

(d) Non-Employee Director Compensation Limit. The aggregate value of all compensation granted or paid, as applicable, to any individual for service as a Non-Employee Director with respect to any calendar year, including Awards granted and cash fees paid by the Company to such Non-Employee Director, will not exceed (i) 750,000 in total value or (ii) in the event such Non-Employee Director is first appointed or elected to the Board during such calendar year, 1,200,000 in total value, in each case calculating the value of any equity awards based on the grant date fair value of such equity awards for financial reporting purposes. The limitations in this Section 3(d) shall apply commencing with the first calendar year that begins following the Effective Date. 

4. O PTIONS AND S TOCK A PPRECIATION R IGHTS . 

Each Option and SAR will have such terms and conditions as determined by the Board. Each Option will be designated in writing as an Incentive Stock Option or Nonstatutory Stock Option at the time of grant; provided, however, that if an Option is not so designated, then such Option will be a Nonstatutory Stock Option, and the shares purchased upon exercise of each type 
 
 of Option will be separately accounted for. Each SAR will be denominated in shares of Common Stock equivalents. The terms and conditions of separate Options and SARs need not be identical; provided, however, that each Option Agreement and SAR Agreement will conform (through incorporation of provisions hereof by reference in the Award Agreement or otherwise) to the substance of each of the following provisions: 
 
 (a) Term. Subject to Section 3(b) regarding Ten Percent Stockholders, no Option or SAR will be exercisable after the expiration of ten years from the date of grant of such Award or such shorter period specified in the Award Agreement. 

(b) Exercise or Strike Price. Subject to Section 3(b) regarding Ten Percent Stockholders, the exercise or strike price of each Option or SAR will not be less than 100 of the Fair Market Value on the date of grant of such Award. Notwithstanding the foregoing, an Option or SAR may be granted with an exercise or strike price lower than 100 of the Fair Market Value on the date of grant of such Award if such Award is granted pursuant to an assumption of or substitution for another option or stock appreciation right pursuant to a Corporate Transaction and in a manner consistent with the provisions of Sections 409A and, if applicable, 424(a) of the Code. 

(c) Exercise Procedure and Payment of Exercise Price for Options. In order to exercise an Option, the Participant must provide notice of exercise to the Plan Administrator in accordance with the procedures specified in the Option Agreement or otherwise provided by the Company. The Board has the 

authority to grant Options that do not permit all of the following methods of payment (or otherwise restrict the ability to use certain methods) and to grant Options that require the consent of the Company to utilize a particular method of payment. The exercise price of an Option may be paid, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law and as determined by the Board, by one or more of the following methods of payment to the extent set forth in the Option Agreement: 

(i) by cash or check, bank draft or money order (or an electronic equivalent thereof) payable to the Company; 

(ii) pursuant to a cashless exercise program developed under Regulation T as promulgated by the Federal Reserve Board that, prior to the issuance of the Common Stock subject to the Option, results in either the receipt of cash (or check) by the Company or the receipt of irrevocable instructions to pay the exercise price to the Company from the sales proceeds; 

(iii) by delivery to the Company (either by actual delivery or attestation) of shares of Common Stock that are already owned by the Participant free and clear of any liens, claims, encumbrances or security interests, with a Fair Market Value on the date of exercise that does not exceed the exercise price, provided that (1) at the time of exercise the Common Stock is publicly traded, (2) any remaining balance of the exercise price not satisfied by such delivery is paid by the Participant in cash or other permitted form of payment, (3) such delivery would not violate any Applicable Law or agreement restricting the redemption of the Common Stock, (4) any certificated shares are endorsed or accompanied by an executed assignment separate from certificate, and (5) such shares have been held by the Participant for any minimum period necessary to avoid adverse accounting treatment as a result of such delivery; 

(iv) if the Option is a Nonstatutory Stock Option, by a net exercise arrangement pursuant to which the Company will reduce the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise by the largest whole number of shares with a Fair Market Value on the date of exercise that does not exceed the exercise price, provided that (1) such shares used to pay the exercise price will not be exercisable thereafter and (2) any remaining balance of the exercise price not satisfied by such net exercise is paid by the Participant in cash or other permitted form of payment; or 

(v) in any other form of consideration that may be acceptable to the Board and permissible under Applicable Law. 

(d) Exercise Procedure and Payment of Appreciation Distribution for SARs. In order to exercise any SAR, the Participant must provide notice of exercise to the Plan Administrator in accordance with the SAR Agreement. The appreciation distribution payable to a Participant upon the exercise of a SAR will not be greater than an amount equal to the excess of 

(i) the aggregate Fair Market Value on the date of exercise of a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the number of Common Stock equivalents that are vested and being exercised under such SAR, over (ii) the aggregate strike price of such SAR. Such appreciation distribution may be paid to the Participant in the form of Common Stock or cash (or any combination of Common Stock and cash) or in any other form of payment, as determined by the Board and specified in the SAR Agreement. 
 
 (e) Transferability. Options and SARs may not be transferred to third party financial institutions for value. The Board may impose such additional limitations on the transferability of an Option or SAR as it determines. In the absence of any such determination by the Board, the following restrictions on the transferability of Options and SARs will apply, provided that except as explicitly provided herein, neither an Option nor a SAR may be transferred for consideration and provided, further , that if an Option is an Incentive Stock Option, such Option may be deemed to be a Nonstatutory Stock Option as a result of such transfer: 

(i) Restrictions on Transfer. An Option or SAR will not be transferable, except by will or by the laws of descent and distribution, and will be exercisable during the lifetime of the Participant only by the Participant; provided, however, that the Board may permit transfer of an Option or SAR in a manner that is not prohibited by applicable tax and securities laws upon the Participant s request, including to a trust if the Participant is considered to be the sole beneficial owner of such trust (as determined under Section 671 of the Code and applicable state law) while such Option or SAR is held in such trust, provided that the Participant and the trustee enter into a transfer and other agreements required by the Company. 

(ii) Domestic Relations Orders. Notwithstanding the foregoing, subject to the execution of transfer documentation in a format acceptable to the Company and subject to the approval of the Board or a duly authorized Officer, an Option or SAR may be transferred pursuant to a domestic relations order. 

(f) Vesting. The Board may impose such restrictions on or conditions to the vesting and/or exercisability of an Option or SAR as determined by the Board. Except as otherwise provided in the Award Agreement or other written agreement between a Participant and the 

Company or an Affiliate, vesting of Options and SARs will cease upon termination of the Participant s Continuous Service. 
 
 (g) Termination of Continuous Service for Cause. Except as explicitly otherwise provided in the Award Agreement or other written agreement between a Participant and the Company or an Affiliate, if a Participant s Continuous Service is terminated for Cause, the Participant s Options and SARs, whether vested or unvested, will terminate and be forfeited immediately upon such termination of Continuous Service, and the Participant will be prohibited from exercising any portion (including any vested portion) of such Awards on and after the date of such termination of Continuous Service and the Participant will have no further right, title or interest in such forfeited Award, the shares of Common Stock subject to the forfeited Award, or any consideration in respect of the forfeited Award. 

(h) Post-Termination Exercise Period Following Termination of Continuous Service for Reasons Other than Cause. Subject to Section 4(i), if a Participant s Continuous Service terminates for any reason other than for Cause, the Participant may exercise his or her Option or SAR to the extent vested and exercisable, but only within the following period of time or, if applicable, such other period of time provided in the Award Agreement or other written agreement between a Participant and the Company or an Affiliate; provided, however, that in no event may such Award be exercised after the expiration of its maximum term (as set forth in Section 4(a)): 

(i) three months following the date of such termination if such termination is a termination without Cause (other than any termination due to the Participant s Disability or death); 

(ii) 12 months following the date of such termination if such termination is due to the Participant s Disability; 

(iii) 18 months following the date of such termination if such termination is due to the Participant s death; or 

(iv) 18 months following the date of the Participant s death if such death occurs following the date of such termination but during the period such Award is otherwise exercisable (as provided in (i) or (ii) above). 

Following the date of such termination, to the extent the Participant does not exercise such Award within the applicable Post-Termination Exercise Period (or, if earlier, prior to the expiration of the maximum term of such 
 
 Award), such unexercised portion of the Award will terminate, and the Participant will have no further right, title or interest in the terminated Award, the shares of Common Stock subject to the terminated Award, or any consideration in respect of the terminated Award. 
 
 (i) Restrictions on Exercise; Extension of Exercisability. A Participant may not exercise an Option or SAR at any time that the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon such exercise would violate Applicable Law. Except as otherwise provided in the Award Agreement or other written agreement between a Participant and the Company or an Affiliate, if a Participant s Continuous Service terminates for any reason other than for Cause and, at any time during the last 

thirty days of the applicable Post-Termination Exercise Period: (i) the exercise of the Participant s Option or SAR would be prohibited solely because the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon such exercise would violate Applicable Law, or (ii) the immediate sale of any shares of Common Stock issued upon such exercise would violate the Company s Trading Policy, then the applicable Post-Termination Exercise Period will be extended to the last day of the calendar month that commences following the date the Award would otherwise expire, with an additional extension of the exercise period to the last day of the next calendar month to apply if any of the foregoing restrictions apply at any time during such extended exercise period, generally without limitation as to the maximum permitted number of extensions); provided, however, that in no event may such Award be exercised after the expiration of its maximum term (as set forth in Section 4(a)). 
 
 (j) Non-Exempt Employees. No Option or SAR, whether or not vested, granted to an Employee who is a non-exempt employee for purposes of the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938, as amended, will be first exercisable for any shares of Common Stock until at least six months following the date of grant of such Award. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in accordance with the provisions of the Worker Economic Opportunity Act, any vested portion of such Award may be exercised earlier than six months following the date of grant of such Award in the event of (i) such Participant s death or Disability, (ii) a Corporate Transaction in which such Award is not assumed, continued or substituted, (iii) a Change in Control, or (iv) such Participant s retirement (as such term may be defined in the Award Agreement or another applicable agreement or, in the absence of any such definition, in accordance with the Company s then current employment policies and guidelines). This Section 4(j) is intended to operate so that any income derived by a non-exempt employee in connection with the exercise or vesting of an Option or SAR will be exempt from his or her regular rate of pay. 

(k) Whole Shares. Options and SARs may be exercised only with respect to whole shares of Common Stock or their equivalents. 

5. A WARDS O THER T HAN O PTIONS AND S TOCK A PPRECIATION R IGHTS . 

(a) Restricted Stock Awards and RSU Awards. Each Restricted Stock Award and RSU Award will have such terms and conditions as determined by the Board; provided, however, that each Restricted Stock Award Agreement and RSU Award Agreement will conform (through incorporation of the provisions hereof by reference in the Award Agreement or otherwise) to the substance of each of the following provisions: 

(i) Form of Award. 

(1) RSAs: To the extent consistent with the Company s Bylaws, at the Board s election, shares of Common Stock subject to a Restricted Stock Award may be (i) held in book entry form subject to the Company s instructions until such shares become vested or any other restrictions lapse, or (ii) evidenced by a certificate, which certificate will be held in such form and manner as determined by the Board. Unless otherwise determined by the Board, a Participant will have voting and other rights as a stockholder of the Company (including with respect to dividends as set forth in Section 5(a)(v) below) with respect to any shares subject to a Restricted Stock Award. 

(2) RSUs: A RSU Award represents a Participant s right to be issued on a future date the number of shares of Common Stock that is equal to the number of restricted stock units subject to the RSU Award. As a holder of a RSU Award, a Participant is an unsecured creditor of the Company with respect to the Company's unfunded obligation, if any, to issue shares of Common Stock in settlement of such Award and nothing contained in the Plan or any RSU Agreement, and no action taken pursuant to its provisions, will create or be construed to create a trust of any kind or a fiduciary relationship between a Participant and the Company or an Affiliate or any other person. A Participant will not have voting or any other rights as a stockholder of the Company with respect to any RSU Award unless and until shares are actually issued in settlement of a vested RSU Award (including with respect to dividend equivalents as set forth in Section 5(a)(v) below). 

(ii) Consideration. 

(1) RSA: A Restricted Stock Award may be granted in consideration for 

(A) cash or check, bank draft or money order payable to the Company, (B) past services to the Company or an Affiliate, or (C) any other form of consideration (including future services) as the Board may determine and permissible under Applicable Law. 
 
 (2) RSU: Unless otherwise determined by the Board at the time of grant, a RSU Award will be granted in consideration for the Participant s services to the Company or an Affiliate, such that the Participant will not be required to make any payment to the Company (other than such services) with respect to the grant or vesting of the RSU Award, or the issuance of any shares of Common Stock pursuant to the RSU Award. If, at the time of grant, the Board determines that any consideration must be paid by the Participant (in a form other than the Participant s services to the Company or an Affiliate) upon the issuance of any shares of Common Stock in settlement of the RSU Award, such consideration may be paid in any form of consideration as the Board may determine and permissible under Applicable Law. 

(iii) Vesting. The Board may impose such restrictions on or conditions to the vesting of a Restricted Stock Award or RSU Award as determined by the Board. Except as otherwise provided in the Award Agreement or other written agreement between a Participant and the Company or an Affiliate, vesting of Restricted Stock Awards and RSU Awards will cease upon termination of the Participant s Continuous Service. 

(iv) Termination of Continuous Service. Except as otherwise provided in the Award Agreement or other written agreement between a Participant and the Company or an Affiliate, if a Participant s Continuous Service terminates for any reason, (i) the Company may receive through a forfeiture condition or a repurchase right any or all of the shares of Common Stock held by the Participant under his or her Restricted Stock Award that have not vested as of the date of such termination as set forth in the Restricted Stock Award Agreement and (ii) any portion of his or her RSU Award that has not vested will be forfeited upon such termination and the Participant will have no further right, title or interest in the RSU Award, the shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to the RSU Award, or any consideration in respect of the RSU Award. 

(v) Dividends and Dividend Equivalents. Dividends or dividend equivalents may be paid or credited, as applicable, with respect to any shares of Common Stock subject to a 

Restricted Stock Award or RSU Award, as determined by the Board and specified in the Award Agreement). 
 
 (vi) Settlement of RSU Awards . A RSU Award may be settled by the issuance of shares of Common Stock or cash (or any combination thereof) or in any other form of payment, as determined by the Board and specified in the RSU Award Agreement. At the time of grant, the Board may determine to impose such restrictions or conditions that delay such delivery to a date following the vesting of the RSU Award. 

(b) Performance Awards . With respect to any Performance Award, the length of any Performance Period, the Performance Goals to be achieved during the Performance Period, the other terms and conditions of such Award, and the measure of whether and to what degree such Performance Goals have been attained will be determined by the Board. 

(c) Other Awards . Other forms of Awards valued in whole or in part by reference to, or otherwise based on, Common Stock, including the appreciation in value thereof (e.g., options or stock rights with an exercise price or strike price less than 100 of the Fair Market Value at the time of grant) or that may be convertible or exchangeable for Common Stock may be granted either alone or in addition to Awards provided for under Section 4 and the preceding provisions of this Section 5. Subject to the provisions of the Plan and Applicable Law, the Board will have sole and complete discretion to determine the persons to whom and the time or times at which such Other Awards will be granted, the number of shares of Common Stock (or the cash equivalent thereof) to be granted pursuant to such Other Awards and all other terms and conditions of such Other Awards. 

6. Adjustments upon Changes in Common Stock; Other Corporate Events. 

(a) Capitalization Adjustments . In the event of a Capitalization Adjustment, the Board shall appropriately and proportionately adjust, for the purpose of preventing dilution or enlargement of the benefits or potential benefits intended to be made available under the Plan: (i) the class(es) and maximum number of shares of Common Stock subject to the Plan and the maximum number of shares by which the Share Reserve may annually increase pursuant to Section 2(a); (ii) the class(es) and maximum number of shares that may be issued pursuant to the exercise of Incentive Stock Options pursuant to Section 2(a); and (iii) the class(es) and number of securities and exercise price, strike price or purchase price of Common Stock subject to outstanding Awards. The Board shall make such adjustments, and its determination shall be final, binding and conclusive. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no fractional shares or rights for fractional shares of Common Stock shall be created in order to implement any Capitalization Adjustment. The Board shall determine an appropriate equivalent benefit, if any, for any fractional shares or rights to fractional shares that might be created by the adjustments referred to in the preceding provisions of this Section. 

(b) Dissolution or Liquidation . Except as otherwise provided in the Award Agreement, in the event of a dissolution or liquidation of the Company, all outstanding Awards (other than Awards consisting of vested and outstanding shares of Common Stock not subject to a forfeiture condition or the Company s right of repurchase) will terminate immediately prior to the completion of such dissolution or liquidation, and the shares of Common Stock subject to the 

Company s repurchase rights or subject to a forfeiture condition may be repurchased or reacquired by the Company notwithstanding the fact that the holder of such Award is providing Continuous Service; provided, however, that the Board may determine to cause some or all Awards to become fully vested, exercisable and/or no longer subject to repurchase or forfeiture (to the extent such Awards have not previously expired or terminated) before the dissolution or liquidation is completed but contingent on its completion. 
 
 (c) Corporate Transaction. The following provisions will apply to Awards in the event of a Corporate Transaction unless otherwise provided in the instrument evidencing the Award or any other written agreement between the Company or any Affiliate and the Participant or unless otherwise expressly provided by the Board at the time of grant of an Award. 

(i) Awards May Be Assumed. In the event of a Corporate Transaction, any surviving corporation or acquiring corporation (or the surviving or acquiring corporation s parent company) may assume or continue any or all Awards outstanding under the Plan or may substitute similar awards for Awards 

outstanding under the Plan (including but not limited to, awards to acquire the same consideration paid to the stockholders of the Company pursuant to the Corporate Transaction), and any reacquisition or repurchase rights held by the Company in respect of Common Stock issued pursuant to Awards may be assigned by the Company to the successor of the Company (or the successor s parent company, if any), in connection with such Corporate Transaction. A surviving corporation or acquiring corporation (or its parent) may choose to assume or continue only a portion of an Award or substitute a similar award for only a portion of an Award, or may choose to assume or continue the Awards held by some, but not all Participants. The terms of any assumption, continuation or substitution will be set by the Board. 

(ii) Awards Held by Current Participants. In the event of a Corporate Transaction in which the surviving corporation or acquiring corporation (or its parent company) does not assume or continue such outstanding Awards or substitute similar awards for such outstanding Awards, then with respect to Awards that have not been assumed, continued or substituted and that are held by Participants whose Continuous Service has not terminated prior to the effective time of the Corporate Transaction (referred to as the Current Participants ), the vesting of such Awards (and, with respect to Options and Stock Appreciation Rights, the time when such Awards may be exercised) will be accelerated in full to a date prior to the effective time of such Corporate Transaction (contingent upon the effectiveness of the Corporate Transaction) as the Board determines (or, if the Board does not determine such a date, to the date that is five (5) days prior to the effective time of the Corporate Transaction), and such Awards will terminate if not exercised (if applicable) at or prior to the effective time of the Corporate Transaction, and any reacquisition or repurchase rights held by the Company with respect to such Awards will lapse (contingent upon the effectiveness of the Corporate Transaction). With respect to the vesting of Performance Awards that will accelerate upon the occurrence of a Corporate Transaction pursuant to this subsection (ii) and that have multiple vesting levels depending on the level of performance, unless otherwise provided in the Award Agreement or unless otherwise provided by the Board, the vesting of such Performance Awards will accelerate at 100 of the target level upon the occurrence of the Corporate Transaction. With respect to the vesting of Awards that will accelerate upon the occurrence of a Corporate Transaction pursuant to this subsection (ii) and are settled in the form of a cash payment, such cash payment will be made no later than 30 days following the occurrence of the Corporate Transaction. 

(iii) Awards Held by Persons other than Current Participants. In the event of a Corporate Transaction in which the surviving corporation or acquiring corporation (or its parent company) does not assume or continue such outstanding Awards or substitute similar awards for such outstanding Awards, then with respect to Awards that have not been assumed, continued or substituted and that are held by persons other than Current Participants, such Awards will terminate if not exercised (if applicable) prior to the occurrence of the Corporate Transaction; provided, however, that any reacquisition or repurchase rights held by the Company with respect to such Awards will not terminate and may continue to be exercised notwithstanding the Corporate Transaction. 

(iv) Payment for Awards in Lieu of Exercise. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event an Award will terminate if not exercised prior to the effective time of a Corporate Transaction, the Board may provide, in its sole discretion, that the holder of such Award may not exercise such Award but will receive a payment, in such form as may be determined by the Board, equal in value, at the effective time, to the excess, if any, of (1) the value of the property the Participant would have received upon the exercise of the Award (including, at the discretion of the Board, any unvested portion of such Award), over (2) any exercise price payable by such holder in connection with such exercise. 

(d) Appointment of Stockholder Representative. As a condition to the receipt of an Award under this Plan, a Participant will be deemed to have agreed that the Award will be subject to the terms of any agreement governing a Corporate Transaction involving the Company, including, without limitation, a provision for the appointment of a stockholder representative that is authorized to act on the Participant s behalf with respect to any escrow, indemnities and any contingent consideration. 

(e) No Restriction on Right to Undertake Transactions . The grant of any Award under the Plan and the issuance of shares pursuant to any Award does not affect or restrict in any way the right or power of the Company or the stockholders of the Company to make or authorize any adjustment, recapitalization, reorganization or other change in the Company s capital structure or its business, any merger or consolidation of the Company, any issue of stock or of options, rights or options to purchase stock or of bonds, debentures, preferred or prior preference stocks whose rights are superior to or affect the Common Stock or the rights thereof or which are convertible into or exchangeable for Common Stock, or the dissolution or liquidation of the Company, or any sale or transfer of all or any part of its assets or business, or any other corporate act or proceeding, whether of a similar character or otherwise. 

7. Administration. 

(a) Administration by Board. The Board will administer the Plan unless and until the Board delegates administration of the Plan to a Committee or Committees, as provided in subsection (c) below. 

(b) Powers of Board. The Board (or its delegated Committee(s)) will have the power, subject to, and within the limitations of, the express provisions of the Plan: 

(i) To determine from time to time (1) which of the persons eligible under the Plan will be granted Awards; (2) when and how each Award will be granted; (3) what type or combination of types of Award will be granted; (4) the provisions of each Award granted (which need not be identical), including the time or times when a person will be permitted to receive an issuance of Common Stock or other payment pursuant to an Award; (5) the number of shares of Common Stock or cash equivalent with respect to which an Award will be granted to each such person; (6) the Fair Market Value applicable to an Award; and (7) the terms of any Performance Award that is not valued in whole or in part by reference to, or otherwise based on, the Common Stock, including the amount of cash payment or other property that may be earned and the timing of payment. 

(ii) To construe and interpret the Plan and Awards granted under it, and to establish, amend and revoke rules and regulations for its administration. The Board (or its delegated Committee(s)), in the exercise of this power, may correct any defect, omission or inconsistency in the Plan or in any Award Agreement, in a manner and to the extent it deems necessary or expedient to make the Plan or Award fully effective. 

(iii) To settle all controversies regarding the Plan and Awards granted under it. 

(iv) To accelerate the time at which an Award may first be exercised or the time during which an Award or any part thereof will vest, notwithstanding the provisions in the Award Agreement stating the time at which it may first be exercised or the time during which it will vest. 

(v) To prohibit the exercise of any Option, SAR or other exercisable Award during a period of up to 30 days prior to the consummation of any pending stock dividend, stock split, combination or exchange of shares, merger, consolidation or other distribution (other than normal cash dividends) of Company assets to stockholders, or any other change affecting the shares of Common Stock or the share price of the Common Stock including any Corporate Transaction, for reasons of administrative convenience. 

(vi) To suspend or terminate the Plan at any time. Suspension or termination of the Plan will not Materially Impair rights and obligations under any Award granted while the Plan is in effect except with the written consent of the affected Participant. 

(vii) To amend the Plan in any respect the Board deems necessary or advisable; provided, 

however , that stockholder approval will be required for any amendment to the extent required by Applicable Law. Except as provided above, rights under any Award granted before amendment of the Plan will not be Materially Impaired by any amendment of the Plan unless (1) the Company requests the consent of the affected Participant, and (2) such Participant consents in writing. 

(viii) To submit any amendment to the Plan for stockholder approval. 

(ix) To approve forms of Award Agreements for use under the Plan and to amend the terms of any one or more Awards, including, but not limited to, amendments to provide terms more favorable to the Participant than previously provided in the Award Agreement, subject to any specified limits in the Plan that are not subject to Board discretion; provided however , that, a Participant s rights under any Award will not be Materially Impaired by any such amendment 

unless (1) the Company requests the consent of the affected Participant, and (2) such Participant consents in writing. 
 
 (x) Generally, to exercise such powers and to perform such acts as the Board deems necessary or expedient to promote the best interests of the Company and that are not in conflict with the provisions of the Plan or Awards. 

(xi) To adopt such procedures and sub-plans as are necessary or appropriate to permit and facilitate participation in the Plan by, or take advantage of specific tax treatment for Awards granted to, Employees, Directors or Consultants who are foreign nationals or employed outside the United States (provided that Board approval will not be necessary for immaterial modifications to the Plan or any Award Agreement to ensure or facilitate compliance with the laws of the relevant foreign jurisdiction). 

(xii) To effect, at any time and from time to time, subject to the consent of any Participant whose Award is Materially Impaired by such action, (1) the reduction of the exercise price (or strike price) of any outstanding Option or SAR; (2) the cancellation of any outstanding Option or SAR and the grant in substitution therefor of (A) a new Option, SAR, Restricted Stock Award, RSU Award or Other Award, under the Plan or another equity plan of the Company, covering the same or a different number of shares of Common Stock, (B) cash and/or (C) other valuable consideration (as determined by the Board); or (3) any other action that is treated as a repricing under generally accepted accounting principles. 

(c) Delegation to Committee. 

(i) General. The Board may delegate some or all of the administration of the Plan to a Committee or Committees. If administration of the Plan is delegated to a Committee, the Committee will have, in connection with the administration of the Plan, the powers theretofore possessed by the Board that have been delegated to the Committee, including the power to delegate to another Committee or a subcommittee of the Committee any of the administrative powers the Committee is authorized to exercise (and references in this Plan to the Board will thereafter be to the Committee or subcommittee), subject, however, to such resolutions, not inconsistent with the provisions of the Plan, as may be adopted from time to time by the Board. Each Committee may retain the authority to concurrently administer the Plan with Committee or subcommittee to which it has delegated its authority hereunder and may, at any time, revest in such Committee some or all of the powers previously delegated. The Board may retain the authority to concurrently administer the Plan with any Committee and may, at any time, revest in the Board some or all of the powers previously delegated. 

(ii) Rule 16b-3 Compliance. To the extent an Award is intended to qualify for the exemption from Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act that is available under Rule 16b-3 of the Exchange Act, the Award will be granted by the Board or a Committee that consists solely of two or more Non-Employee Directors, as 

determined under Rule 16b-3(b)(3) of the Exchange Act and thereafter any action establishing or modifying the terms of the Award will be approved by the Board or a Committee meeting such requirements to the extent necessary for such exemption to remain available. 

(d) Effect of Board s Decision. All determinations, interpretations and constructions made by the Board or any Committee in good faith will not be subject to review by any person and will be final, binding and conclusive on all persons. 

(e) Delegation to an Officer. The Board or any Committee may delegate to one or more Officers the authority to do one or both of the following (i) designate Employees who are not Officers to be recipients of Options and SARs (and, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law, other types of Awards) and, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law, the terms thereof, and (ii) determine the number of shares of Common Stock to be subject to such Awards granted to such Employees; provided, however, that the resolutions or charter adopted by the Board or any Committee evidencing such delegation will specify the total number of shares of Common Stock that may be subject to the Awards granted by such Officer and that such Officer may not grant an Award to himself or herself. Any such Awards will be granted on the applicable form of Award Agreement most recently approved for use by the Board or the Committee, unless otherwise provided in the resolutions approving the delegation authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, neither the Board nor any Committee may delegate to an Officer who is acting solely in the capacity of an Officer (and not also as a Director) the authority to determine the Fair Market Value. 

8. Tax Withholding 

(a) Withholding Authorization. As a condition to acceptance of any Award under the Plan, a Participant authorizes withholding from payroll and any other amounts payable to such Participant, and otherwise agrees to make adequate provision for (including), any sums required to satisfy any U.S. federal, state, local and/or foreign tax or social insurance contribution withholding obligations of the Company or an Affiliate, if any, which arise in connection with the exercise, vesting or settlement of such Award, as applicable. Accordingly, a Participant may not be able to exercise an Award even though the Award is vested, and the Company shall have no obligation to issue shares of Common Stock subject to an Award, unless and until such obligations are satisfied. 

(b) Satisfaction of Withholding Obligation. To the extent permitted by the terms of an Award Agreement, the Company may, in its sole discretion, satisfy any U.S. federal, state, local and/or foreign tax or social insurance withholding obligation relating to an Award by any of the following means or by a combination of such means: (i) causing the Participant to tender a cash payment; (ii) withholding shares of Common Stock from the shares of Common Stock issued or otherwise issuable to the Participant in connection with the Award; (iii) withholding cash from an Award settled in cash; (iv) withholding payment from any amounts otherwise payable to the Participant; (v) by allowing a Participant to effectuate a cashless exercise pursuant to a program developed under Regulation T as promulgated by the Federal Reserve Board; or (vi) by such other method as may be set forth in the Award Agreement. 

(c) No Obligation to Notify or Minimize Taxes; No Liability to Claims. Except as required by Applicable Law the Company has no duty or obligation to any Participant to advise such holder as to the time or manner of exercising such Award. Furthermore, the Company has no duty or obligation to warn or otherwise advise such holder of a pending termination or expiration of an Award or a possible period in which the Award may not be exercised. The 

Company has no duty or obligation to minimize the tax consequences of an Award to the holder of such Award and will not be liable to any holder of an Award for any adverse tax consequences to such holder in connection with an Award. As a condition to accepting an Award under the Plan, each Participant (i) agrees to not make 
 
 any claim against the Company, or any of its Officers, Directors, Employees or Affiliates related to tax liabilities arising from such Award or other Company compensation and (ii) acknowledges that such Participant was advised to consult with his or her own personal tax, financial and other legal advisors regarding the tax consequences of the Award and has either done so or knowingly and voluntarily declined to do so. Additionally, each Participant acknowledges any Option or SAR granted under the Plan is exempt from Section 409A only if the exercise or strike price is at least equal to the fair market value of the Common Stock on the date of grant as determined by the Internal Revenue Service and there is no other impermissible deferral of compensation associated with the Award. Additionally, as a condition to accepting an Option or SAR granted under the Plan, each Participant agrees not make any claim against the Company, or any of its Officers, Directors, Employees or Affiliates in the event that the Internal Revenue Service asserts that such exercise price or strike price is less than the fair market value of the Common Stock on the date of grant as subsequently determined by the Internal Revenue Service. 
 
 (d) Withholding Indemnification. As a condition to accepting an Award under the Plan, in the event that the amount of the Company s and/or its Affiliate s withholding obligation in connection with such Award was greater than the amount actually withheld by the Company and/or its Affiliates, each Participant agrees to indemnify and hold the Company and/or its Affiliates harmless from any failure by the Company and/or its Affiliates to withhold the proper amount. 

9. Miscellaneous. 

(a) Source of Shares. The stock issuable under the Plan will be shares of authorized but unissued or reacquired Common Stock, including shares repurchased by the Company on the open market or otherwise. 

(b) Use of Proceeds from Sales of Common Stock. Proceeds from the sale of shares of Common Stock pursuant to Awards will constitute general funds of the Company. 

(c) Corporate Action Constituting Grant of Awards. Corporate action constituting a grant by the Company of an Award to any Participant will be deemed completed as of the date of such corporate action, unless otherwise determined by the Board, regardless of when the instrument, certificate, or letter evidencing the Award is communicated to, or actually received or accepted by, the Participant. In the event that the corporate records (e.g., Board consents, resolutions or minutes) documenting the corporate action approving the grant contain terms (e.g., exercise price, vesting schedule or number of shares) that are inconsistent with those in the Award Agreement or related grant documents as a result of a clerical error in the Award Agreement or related grant documents, the corporate records will control and the Participant will have no legally binding right to the incorrect term in the Award Agreement or related grant documents. 

(d) Stockholder Rights. No Participant will be deemed to be the holder of, or to have any of the rights of a holder with respect to, any shares of Common Stock subject to such Award 

unless and until (i) such Participant has satisfied all requirements for exercise of the Award pursuant to its terms, if applicable, and (ii) the issuance of the Common Stock subject to such Award is reflected in the records of the Company. 
 
 (e) No Employment or Other Service Rights. Nothing in the Plan, any Award Agreement or any other instrument executed thereunder or in connection with any Award granted pursuant thereto will confer upon any Participant any right to continue to serve the Company or an Affiliate in the capacity in effect at the time the Award was granted or affect the right of the Company or an Affiliate to terminate at will and without regard to any future vesting opportunity that a Participant may have with respect to any Award (i) the employment of an Employee with or without notice and with or without cause, (ii) the service of a Consultant pursuant to the terms of such Consultant s agreement with the Company or an Affiliate, or (iii) the service of a 

Director pursuant to the Bylaws of the Company or an Affiliate, and any applicable provisions of the corporate law of the state or foreign jurisdiction in which the Company or the Affiliate is incorporated, as the case may be. Further, nothing in the Plan, any Award Agreement or any other instrument executed thereunder or in connection with any Award will constitute any promise or commitment by the Company or an Affiliate regarding the fact or nature of future positions, future work assignments, future compensation or any other term or condition of employment or service or confer any right or benefit under the Award or the Plan unless such right or benefit has specifically accrued under the terms of the Award Agreement and/or Plan. 

(f) Change in Time Commitment. In the event a Participant s regular level of time commitment in the performance of his or her services for the Company and any Affiliates is reduced (for example, and without limitation, if the Participant is an Employee of the Company and the Employee has a change in status from a full-time Employee to a part-time Employee or takes an extended leave of absence) after the date of grant of any Award to the Participant, the Board may determine, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law, to (i) make a corresponding reduction in the number of shares or cash amount subject to any portion of such Award that is scheduled to vest or become payable after the date of such change in time commitment, and (ii) in lieu of or in combination with such a reduction, extend the vesting or payment schedule applicable to such Award. In the event of any such reduction, the Participant will have no right with respect to any portion of the Award that is so reduced or extended. 

(g) Execution of Additional Documents. As a condition to accepting an Award under the Plan, the Participant agrees to execute any additional documents or instruments necessary or desirable, as determined in the Plan Administrator s sole discretion, to carry out the purposes or intent of the Award, or facilitate compliance with securities and/or other regulatory requirements, in each case at the Plan Administrator s request. 

(h) Electronic Delivery and Participation. Any reference herein or in an Award Agreement to a written agreement or document will include any agreement or document delivered electronically, filed publicly at www.sec.gov (or any successor website thereto) or posted on the Company s intranet (or other shared electronic medium controlled by the Company to which the Participant has access). By accepting any Award the Participant consents to receive documents by electronic delivery and to participate in the Plan through any on-line electronic system established and maintained by the Plan Administrator or another third party selected by the Plan 

Administrator. The form of delivery of any Common Stock (e.g., a stock certificate or electronic entry evidencing such shares) shall be determined by the Company. 
 
 (i) Clawback/Recovery. All Awards granted under the Plan will be subject to recoupment in accordance with any clawback policy that the Company is required to adopt pursuant to the listing standards of any national securities exchange or association on which the Company s securities are listed or as is otherwise required by the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act or other Applicable Law and any clawback policy that the Company otherwise adopts, to the extent applicable and permissible under Applicable Law. In addition, the Board may impose such other clawback, recovery or recoupment provisions in an Award Agreement as the Board determines necessary or appropriate, including but not limited to a reacquisition right in respect of previously acquired shares of Common Stock or other cash or property upon the occurrence of Cause. No recovery of compensation under such a clawback policy will be an event giving rise to a Participant s right to voluntarily terminate employment upon a resignation for good reason, or for a constructive termination or any similar term under any plan of or agreement with the Company. 

(j) Securities Law Compliance. A Participant will not be issued any shares in respect of an Award unless either (i) the shares are registered under the Securities Act; or (ii) the Company has determined that such issuance would be exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Each Award also must 

comply with other Applicable Law governing the Award, and a Participant will not receive such shares if the Company determines that such receipt would not be in material compliance with Applicable Law. 

(k) Transfer or Assignment of Awards; Issued Shares. Except as expressly provided in the Plan or the form of Award Agreement, Awards granted under the Plan may not be transferred or assigned by the Participant. After the vested shares subject to an Award have been issued, or in the case of Restricted Stock and similar awards, after the issued shares have vested, the holder of such shares is free to assign, hypothecate, donate, encumber or otherwise dispose of any interest in such shares provided that any such actions are in compliance with the provisions herein, the terms of the Trading Policy and Applicable Law. 

(l) Effect on Other Employee Benefit Plans. The value of any Award granted under the Plan, as determined upon grant, vesting or settlement, shall not be included as compensation, earnings, salaries, or other similar terms used when calculating any Participant s benefits under any employee benefit plan sponsored by the Company or any Affiliate, except as such plan otherwise expressly provides. The Company expressly reserves its rights to amend, modify, or terminate any of the Company's or any Affiliate's employee benefit plans. 

(m) Deferrals. To the extent permitted by Applicable Law, the Board, in its sole discretion, may determine that the delivery of Common Stock or the payment of cash, upon the exercise, vesting or settlement of all or a portion of any Award may be deferred and may also establish programs and procedures for deferral elections to be made by Participants. Deferrals will be made in accordance with the requirements of Section 409A. 

(n) Section 409A. Unless otherwise expressly provided for in an Award Agreement, the Plan and Award Agreements will be interpreted to the greatest extent possible in a manner that 

makes the Plan and the Awards granted hereunder exempt from Section 409A, and, to the extent not so exempt, in compliance with the requirements of Section 409A. If the Board determines that any Award granted hereunder is not exempt from and is therefore subject to Section 409A, the Award Agreement evidencing such Award will incorporate the terms and conditions necessary to avoid the consequences specified in Section 409A(a)(1) of the Code, and to the extent an Award Agreement is silent on terms necessary for compliance, such terms are hereby incorporated by reference into the Award Agreement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Plan (and unless the Award Agreement specifically provides otherwise), if the shares of Common Stock are publicly traded, and if a Participant holding an Award that constitutes deferred compensation under Section 409A is a specified employee for purposes of Section 409A, no distribution or payment of any amount that is due because of a separation from service (as defined in Section 409A without regard to alternative definitions thereunder) will be issued or paid before the date that is six months and one day following the date of such Participant s separation from service or, if earlier, the date of the Participant s death, unless such distribution or payment can be made in a manner that complies with Section 409A, and any amounts so deferred will be paid in a lump sum on the day after such six month period elapses, with the balance paid thereafter on the original schedule. If an Award includes a series of installment payments (within the meaning of Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-2(b)(2)(iii)), a Participant s right to such series of installment payments shall be treated as a right to a series of separate payments and not as a right to a single payment, and if an Award includes dividend equivalents (within the meaning of Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-3(e)), a Participant s right to such dividend equivalents shall be treated separately from the right to other amounts under the Award. 
 
 (o) Choice of Law. This Plan and any controversy arising out of or relating to this Plan shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the internal laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to conflict of law principles that would result in any application of any law other than the law of the State of Delaware. 

10. Covenants of the Company. 

(a) Compliance with Law. The Company will seek to obtain from each regulatory commission or agency, as may be deemed to be necessary, having jurisdiction over the Plan such authority as may be required to grant Awards and to issue and sell shares of Common Stock upon exercise or vesting of the Awards; provided, however, that this undertaking will not require the Company to register under the Securities Act the Plan, any Award or any Common Stock issued or issuable pursuant to any such Award. If, after reasonable efforts and at a reasonable cost, the Company is unable to obtain from any such regulatory commission or agency the authority that counsel for the Company deems necessary or advisable for the lawful issuance and sale of Common Stock under the Plan, the Company will be relieved from any liability for failure to issue and sell Common Stock upon exercise or vesting of such Awards unless and until such authority is obtained. A Participant is not eligible for the grant of an Award or the subsequent issuance of Common Stock pursuant to the Award if such grant or issuance would be in violation of any Applicable Law. 

11. Additional Rules for Awards Subject to Section 409A. 

(a) Application. Unless the provisions of this Section of the Plan are expressly superseded by the provisions in the form of Award Agreement, the provisions of this Section shall apply and shall supersede anything to the contrary set forth in the Award Agreement for a Non- Exempt Award. 

(b) Non-Exempt Awards Subject to Non-Exempt Severance Arrangements. To the extent a Non-Exempt Award is subject to Section 409A due to application of a Non-Exempt Severance Arrangement, the following provisions of this subsection (b) apply. 

(i) If the Non-Exempt Award vests in the ordinary course during the Participant s Continuous Service in accordance with the vesting schedule set forth in the Award Agreement, and does not accelerate vesting under the terms of a Non-Exempt Severance Arrangement, in no event will the shares be issued in respect of such Non-Exempt Award any later than the later of: (i) December 31 st of the calendar year that includes the applicable vesting date, or (ii) the 60 th day that follows the applicable vesting date. 

(ii) If vesting of the Non-Exempt Award accelerates under the terms of a Non- Exempt Severance Arrangement in connection with the Participant s Separation from Service, and such vesting acceleration provisions were in effect as of the date of grant of the Non-Exempt Award and, therefore, are part of the terms of such Non-Exempt Award as of the date of grant, then the shares will be earlier issued in settlement of such Non-Exempt Award upon the Participant s Separation from Service in accordance with the terms of the Non-Exempt Severance Arrangement, but in no event later than the 60 th day that follows the date of the Participant s Separation from Service. However, if at the time the shares would otherwise be issued the Participant is subject to the distribution limitations contained in Section 409A applicable to specified employees, as defined in Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code, such shares shall not be issued before the date that is six months following the date of such Participant s Separation from Service, or, if earlier, the date of the Participant s death that occurs within such six month period. 

(iii) If vesting of a Non-Exempt Award accelerates under the terms of a Non- Exempt Severance Arrangement in connection with a Participant s Separation from Service, and such vesting acceleration provisions were not in effect as of the date of grant of the Non-Exempt Award and, therefore, are not a part of the terms of such Non-Exempt Award on the date of grant, then such acceleration of vesting of the Non-Exempt Award shall not accelerate the issuance date of the shares, but the shares shall instead be issued on the same schedule as set forth in the Grant Notice as if they had vested in the ordinary course during the Participant s Continuous Service, notwithstanding the vesting acceleration of the Non-Exempt Award. Such issuance schedule is intended to satisfy the requirements of payment on a specified date or pursuant to a fixed schedule, as provided under Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-3(a)(4). 

(c) Treatment of Non-Exempt Awards Upon a Corporate Transaction for Employees and Consultants. The provisions of this subsection (c) shall apply and shall supersede anything to the contrary set forth in the Plan with respect to the permitted treatment of any Non- 

Exempt Award in connection with a Corporate Transaction if the Participant was either an Employee or Consultant upon the applicable date of grant of the Non-Exempt Award. 
 
 (i) Vested Non-Exempt Awards. The following provisions shall apply to any Vested Non-Exempt Award in connection with a Corporate Transaction: 

(1) If the Corporate Transaction is also a Section 409A Change in Control then the Acquiring Entity may not assume, continue or substitute the Vested Non-Exempt Award. Upon the Section 409A Change in Control the settlement of the Vested Non-Exempt Award will automatically be accelerated and the shares will be immediately issued in respect of the Vested Non-Exempt Award. Alternatively, the Company may instead provide that the Participant will receive a cash settlement equal to the Fair Market Value of the shares that would otherwise be issued to the Participant upon the Section 409A Change in Control. 

(2) If the Corporate Transaction is not also a Section 409A Change in Control, then the Acquiring Entity must either assume, continue or substitute each Vested Non- Exempt Award. The shares to be issued in respect of the Vested Non-Exempt Award shall be issued to the Participant by the Acquiring Entity on the same schedule that the shares would have been issued to the Participant if the Corporate Transaction had not occurred. In the Acquiring Entity s discretion, in lieu of an issuance of shares, the Acquiring Entity may instead substitute a cash payment on each applicable issuance date, equal to the Fair Market Value of the shares that would otherwise be issued to the Participant on such issuance dates, with the determination of the Fair Market Value of the shares made on the date of the Corporate Transaction. 

(ii) Unvested Non-Exempt Awards. The following provisions shall apply to any Unvested Non-Exempt Award unless otherwise determined by the Board pursuant to subsection (e) of this Section. 

(1) In the event of a Corporate Transaction, the Acquiring Entity shall assume, continue or substitute any Unvested Non-Exempt Award. Unless otherwise determined by the Board, any Unvested Non-Exempt Award will remain subject to the same vesting and forfeiture restrictions that were applicable to the Award prior to the Corporate Transaction. The shares to be issued in respect of any Unvested Non-Exempt Award shall be issued to the Participant by the Acquiring Entity on the same schedule that the shares would have been issued to the Participant if the Corporate Transaction had not occurred. In the Acquiring Entity s discretion, in lieu of an issuance of shares, the Acquiring Entity may instead substitute a cash payment on each applicable issuance date, equal to the Fair Market Value of the shares that would otherwise be issued to the Participant on such issuance dates, with the determination of Fair Market Value of the shares made on the date of the Corporate Transaction. 

(2) If the Acquiring Entity will not assume, substitute or continue any Unvested Non-Exempt Award in connection with a Corporate Transaction, then such Award shall automatically terminate and be forfeited upon the Corporate Transaction with no consideration payable to any Participant in respect of such forfeited Unvested Non-Exempt Award. Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent permitted and in compliance with the requirements of Section 409A, the Board may in its discretion determine to elect to accelerate the vesting and settlement of the Unvested Non-Exempt Award upon the Corporate Transaction, or instead 

substitute a cash payment equal to the Fair Market Value of such shares that would otherwise be issued to the Participant, as further provided in subsection (e)(ii) below. In the absence of such discretionary election by the 
 
 Board, any Unvested Non-Exempt Award shall be forfeited without payment of any consideration to the affected Participants if the Acquiring Entity will not assume, substitute or continue the Unvested Non-Exempt Awards in connection with the Corporate Transaction. 
 
 (3) The foregoing treatment shall apply with respect to all Unvested Non-Exempt Awards upon any Corporate Transaction, and regardless of whether or not such Corporate Transaction is also a Section 409A Change in Control. 

(d) Treatment of Non-Exempt Awards Upon a Corporate Transaction for Non- Employee Directors. The following provisions of this subsection (d) shall apply and shall supersede anything to the contrary that may be set forth in the Plan with respect to the permitted treatment of a Non-Exempt Director Award in connection with a Corporate Transaction. 

(i) If the Corporate Transaction is also a Section 409A Change in Control then the Acquiring Entity may not assume, continue or substitute the Non-Exempt Director Award. Upon the Section 409A Change in Control the vesting and settlement of any Non-Exempt Director Award will automatically be accelerated and the shares will be immediately issued to the Participant in respect of the Non-Exempt Director Award. Alternatively, the Company may provide that the Participant will instead receive a cash settlement equal to the Fair Market Value of the shares that would otherwise be issued to the Participant upon the Section 409A Change in Control pursuant to the preceding provision. 

(ii) If the Corporate Transaction is not also a Section 409A Change in Control, then the Acquiring Entity must either assume, continue or substitute the Non-Exempt Director Award. Unless otherwise determined by the Board, the Non-Exempt Director Award will remain subject to the same vesting and forfeiture restrictions that were applicable to the Award prior to the Corporate Transaction. The shares to be issued in respect of the Non-Exempt Director Award shall be issued to the Participant by the Acquiring Entity on the same schedule that the shares would have been issued to the Participant if the Corporate Transaction had not occurred. In the Acquiring Entity s discretion, in lieu of an issuance of shares, the Acquiring Entity may instead substitute a cash payment on each applicable issuance date, equal to the Fair Market Value of the shares that would otherwise be issued to the Participant on such issuance dates, with the determination of Fair Market Value made on the date of the Corporate Transaction. 

(e) If the RSU Award is a Non-Exempt Award, then the provisions in this Section 11(e) shall apply and supersede anything to the contrary that may be set forth in the Plan or the Award Agreement with respect to the permitted treatment of such Non-Exempt Award: 

(i) Any exercise by the Board of discretion to accelerate the vesting of a Non- Exempt Award shall not result in any acceleration of the scheduled issuance dates for the shares in respect of the Non-Exempt Award unless earlier issuance of the shares upon the applicable vesting dates would be in compliance with the requirements of Section 409A. 

(ii) The Company explicitly reserves the right to earlier settle any Non-Exempt Award to the extent permitted and in compliance with the requirements of Section 409A, including pursuant to any of the exemptions available in Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A- 3(j)(4)(ix). 

(iii) To the extent the terms of any Non-Exempt Award provide that it will be settled upon a Change in Control or Corporate Transaction, to the extent it is required for compliance with the requirements of Section 409A, the Change in Control or Corporate Transaction event triggering settlement must also constitute a Section 409A Change in Control. To the extent the terms of a Non-Exempt Award provides that it will be settled upon a termination of employment or termination of Continuous Service, to the extent it is required for compliance with the requirements of Section 409A, the termination event triggering settlement 

must also constitute a Separation From Service. However, if at the time the shares would otherwise be issued to a Participant in connection with a separation from service such Participant is subject to the distribution limitations contained in Section 409A applicable to specified employees, as defined in Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code, such shares shall not be issued before the date that is six months following the date of the Participant s Separation From Service, or, if earlier, the date of the Participant s death that occurs within such six month period. 

(iv) The provisions in this subsection (e) for delivery of the shares in respect of the settlement of a RSU Award that is a Non-Exempt Award are intended to comply with the requirements of Section 409A so that the delivery of the shares to the Participant in respect of such Non-Exempt Award will not trigger the additional tax imposed under Section 409A, and any ambiguities herein will be so interpreted. 

12. Severability. 

If all or any part of the Plan or any Award Agreement is declared by any court or governmental authority to be unlawful or invalid, such unlawfulness or invalidity shall not invalidate any portion of the Plan or such Award Agreement not declared to be unlawful or invalid. Any Section of the Plan or any Award Agreement (or part of such a Section) so declared to be unlawful or invalid shall, if possible, be construed in a manner which will give effect to the terms of such Section or part of a Section to the fullest extent possible while remaining lawful and valid. 
 
 13. Termination of the Plan. 

The Board may suspend or terminate the Plan at any time. No Incentive Stock Options may be granted after the tenth anniversary of the earlier of: (i) the Adoption Date, or (ii) the date the Plan is approved by the Company s stockholders. No Awards may be granted under the Plan while the Plan is suspended or after it is terminated. 
 
 14. Definitions . 

As used in the Plan, the following definitions apply to the capitalized terms indicated 
 below: 
 
 (a) Acquiring Entity means the surviving or acquiring corporation (or its parent 

company) in connection with a Corporate Transaction. 
 
 (b) Adoption Date means the date the Plan is first approved by the Board or Compensation Committee. 

(c) Affiliate means, at the time of determination, any parent or subsidiary of the Company as such terms are defined in Rule 405 promulgated under the Securities Act. The Board may determine the time or times at which parent or subsidiary status is determined within the foregoing definition. 

(d) Applicable Law means any applicable securities, federal, state, foreign, material local or municipal or other law, statute, constitution, principle of common law, resolution, ordinance, code, edict, decree, rule, listing rule, regulation, judicial decision, ruling or requirement issued, enacted, adopted, promulgated, implemented or otherwise put into effect by or under the authority of any Governmental Body (including under the authority of any applicable self- regulating organization such as the Nasdaq Stock Market, New York Stock Exchange, or the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority). 

(e) Award means any right to receive Common Stock, cash or other property granted under the 

Plan (including an Incentive Stock Option, a Nonstatutory Stock Option, a Restricted Stock Award, a RSU Award, a SAR, a Performance Award or any Other Award). 

(f) Award Agreement means a written agreement between the Company and a Participant evidencing the terms and conditions of an Award. The Award Agreement generally consists of the Grant Notice and the agreement containing the written summary of the general terms and conditions applicable to the Award and which is provided to a Participant along with the Grant Notice. 

(g) Board means the Board of Directors of the Company (or its designee). Any decision or determination made by the Board shall be a decision or determination that is made in the sole discretion of the Board (or its designee), and such decision or determination shall be final and binding on all Participants. 

(h) Business Combination Agreement means that certain Business Combination Agreement, dated as of December 13, 2021, by and among (i) Haymaker Acquisition Corp. III, a Delaware corporation, (ii) Haymaker Sponsor III LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, (iii) BioTe Holdings, LLC, a Nevada limited liability company, (iv) BioTe Management, LLC, a Nevada limited liability company; and the certain other parties thereto. 

(i) Capital Stock means each and every class of common stock of the Company, regardless of the number of votes per share. 

(j) Capitalization Adjustment means any change that is made in, or other events that occur with respect to, the Common Stock subject to the Plan or subject to any Award after the Effective Date without the receipt of consideration by the Company through merger, consolidation, reorganization, recapitalization, reincorporation, stock dividend, dividend in property other than cash, large nonrecurring cash dividend, stock split, reverse stock split, liquidating dividend, combination of shares, exchange of shares, change in corporate structure or any similar equity restructuring transaction, as that term is used in Statement of Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718 (or any successor thereto). Notwithstanding 

the foregoing, the conversion of any convertible securities of the Company will not be treated as a Capitalization Adjustment. 
 
 (k) Cause has the meaning ascribed to such term in any written agreement between the Participant and the Company defining such term and, in the absence of such agreement, such term means, with respect to a Participant, the occurrence of any of the following events: (i) a material breach of any covenant or condition under any material agreement between the Participant and the Company; (ii) any act constituting dishonesty, fraud, immoral or disreputable conduct; (iii) any conduct which constitutes a felony under applicable law; (iv) material violation of any Company policy (including those pertaining to discrimination or harassment); (v) gross negligence or misconduct; (vi) breach of fiduciary duty to the Company; or (vii) refusal to follow or implement a clear and reasonable directive of Company. For purposes of this definition, the Company shall mean and include Subsidiaries and Affiliates. Any determination by the Company that the Continuous Service of a Participant was terminated with or without Cause for the purposes of outstanding Awards held by such Participant will have no effect upon any determination of the rights or obligations of the Company or such Participant for any other purpose. 

(l) Change in Control or Change of Control means the occurrence, in a single transaction or in a series of related transactions, of any one or more of the following events; provided, however, to the extent necessary to avoid adverse personal income tax consequences to the Participant in connection with an Award, also constitutes a Section 409A Change in Control: 

(i) any Exchange Act Person becomes the Owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing more than 50 of the combined voting power of the Company s then outstanding securities other than by virtue of a merger, consolidation or similar transaction. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Change in Control shall not be deemed to occur 

(A) on account of the acquisition of securities of the Company directly from the Company, (B) on account of the acquisition of securities of the Company by an investor, any affiliate thereof or any other Exchange Act Person that acquires the Company s securities in a transaction or series of related transactions the primary purpose of which is to obtain financing for the Company through the issuance of equity securities, or (C) solely because the level of Ownership held by any Exchange Act Person (the Subject Person exceeds the designated percentage threshold of the outstanding voting securities as a result of a repurchase or other acquisition of voting securities by the Company reducing the number of shares outstanding; provided that if a Change in Control would occur (but for the operation of this sentence) as a result of the acquisition of voting securities by the Company, and after such share acquisition, the Subject Person becomes the Owner of any additional voting securities that, assuming the repurchase or other acquisition had not occurred, increases the percentage of the then outstanding voting securities Owned by the Subject Person over the designated percentage threshold, then a Change in Control shall be deemed to occur; 
 
 (ii) there is consummated a merger, consolidation or similar transaction involving (directly or indirectly) the Company and, immediately after the consummation of such merger, consolidation or similar transaction, the stockholders of the Company immediately prior thereto do not Own, directly or indirectly, either (A) outstanding voting securities representing more than 50 of the combined outstanding voting power of the surviving Entity in such merger, consolidation or similar transaction or (B) more than 50 of the combined outstanding voting 

power of the parent of the surviving Entity in such merger, consolidation or similar transaction, in each case in substantially the same proportions as their Ownership of the outstanding voting securities of the Company immediately prior to such transaction; 
 
 (iii) there is consummated a sale, lease, exclusive license or other disposition of all or substantially all of the consolidated assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries, other than a sale, lease, license or other disposition of all or substantially all of the consolidated assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries to an Entity, more than 50 of the combined voting power of the voting securities of which are Owned by stockholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their Ownership of the outstanding voting securities of the Company immediately prior to such sale, lease, license or other disposition; or 

(iv) individuals who, on the date the Plan is adopted by the Board, are members of the Board (the Incumbent Board cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the members of the Board; provided, however, that if the appointment or election (or nomination for election) of any new Board member was approved or recommended by a majority vote of the members of the Incumbent Board then still in office, such new member shall, for purposes of this Plan, be considered as a member of the Incumbent Board. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing or any other provision of this Plan, (A) the term Change in Control shall not include a sale of assets, merger or other transaction effected exclusively for the purpose of changing the domicile of the Company, and (B) the definition of Change in Control (or any analogous term) in an individual written agreement between the Company or any Affiliate and the Participant shall supersede the foregoing definition with respect to Awards subject to such agreement; provided, however, that if no definition of Change in Control or any analogous term is set forth in such an individual written agreement, the foregoing definition shall apply. 
 
 (m) Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, including any applicable regulations and guidance thereunder. 

(n) Committee means the Compensation Committee and any other committee of Directors to whom authority has been delegated by the Board or Compensation Committee in accordance with the Plan. 

(o) Common Stock means shares of Class A common stock of the Company. 

(p) Company means biote Corp., a Delaware corporation. 

(q) Compensation Committee means the Compensation Committee of the Board. 

(r) Consultant means any person, including an advisor, who is (i) engaged by the Company or an Affiliate to render consulting or advisory services and is compensated for such services, or (ii) serving as a member of the board of directors of an Affiliate and is compensated for such services. However, service solely as a Director, or payment of a fee for such service, will not cause a Director to be considered a Consultant for purposes of the Plan. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a person is treated as a Consultant under this Plan only if (A) a Form S-8 Registration Statement under the Securities Act is available to register either the offer or the sale 

of the Company s securities to such person and (B) such Consultant is providing services directly to the Company or any Subsidiary. 
 
 (s) Continuous Service means that the Participant s service with the Company or an Affiliate, whether as an Employee, Director or Consultant, is not interrupted or terminated. A change in the capacity in which the Participant renders service to the Company or an Affiliate as an Employee, Director or Consultant or a change in the Entity for which the Participant renders such service, provided that there is no interruption or termination of the Participant s service with the Company or an Affiliate, will not terminate a Participant s Continuous Service; provided, however , that if the Entity for which a Participant is rendering services ceases to qualify as an Affiliate, as determined by the Board, such Participant s Continuous Service will be considered to have terminated on the date such Entity ceases to qualify as an Affiliate. For example, a change in status from an Employee of the Company to a Consultant of an Affiliate or to a Director will not constitute an interruption of Continuous Service. To the extent permitted by law, the Board or the chief executive officer of the Company, in that party s sole discretion, may determine whether Continuous Service will be considered interrupted in the case of (i) any leave of absence approved by the Board or chief executive officer, including sick leave, military leave or any other personal leave, or (ii) transfers between the Company, an Affiliate, or their successors. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a leave of absence will be treated as Continuous Service for purposes of vesting in an Award only to such extent as may be provided in the Company s leave of absence policy, in the written terms of any leave of absence agreement or policy applicable to the Participant, or as otherwise required by law. In addition, to the extent required for exemption from or compliance with Section 409A, the determination of whether there has been a termination of Continuous Service will be made, and such term will be construed, in a manner that is consistent with the definition of separation from service as defined under Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(h) (without regard to any alternative definition thereunder). 

(t) Corporate Transaction means the consummation, in a single transaction or in a series of related transactions, of any one or more of the following events: 

(i) a sale or other disposition of all or substantially all, as determined by the Board, of the consolidated assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries; 

(ii) a sale or other disposition of at least 50 of the outstanding securities of 

the Company; 

(iii) a merger, consolidation or similar transaction following which the 

Company is not the surviving corporation; or 
 
 (iv) a merger, consolidation or similar transaction following which the Company is the surviving corporation but the shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately preceding the merger, consolidation or similar transaction are converted or exchanged by virtue of the merger, consolidation or similar transaction into other property, whether in the form of securities, cash or otherwise. 

(u) Director means a member of the Board. 

(v) determine or determined means as determined by the Board or the Committee (or its designee) in its sole discretion. 

(w) Disability means, with respect to a Participant, such Participant is unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment which can be expected to result in death or which has lasted or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months, as provided in Section 22(e)(3) of the Code, and will be determined by the Board on the basis of such medical evidence as the Board deems warranted under the circumstances. 

(x) Effective Date means May 26, 2022. 

(y) Employee means any person employed by the Company or an Affiliate. However, service solely as a Director, or payment of a fee for such services, will not cause a Director to be considered an Employee for purposes of the Plan. 

(z) Employer means the Company or the Affiliate of the Company that employs the Participant. 

(aa)	 Entity means a corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other entity. 
 
 (bb) Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 
 (cc) Exchange Act Person means any natural person, Entity or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d) or 14(d) of the Exchange Act), except that Exchange Act Person will not include (i) the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company, (ii) any employee benefit plan of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company or any trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company, (iii) an underwriter temporarily holding securities pursuant to a registered public offering of such securities, (iv) an Entity Owned, directly or indirectly, by the stockholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their Ownership of stock of the Company; or (v) any natural person, Entity or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d) or 14(d) of the Exchange Act) that, as of the Effective Date, is the Owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing more than 50 of the combined voting power of the Company s then outstanding securities. 
 
 (dd) Fair Market Value means, as of any date, unless otherwise determined by the Board, the value of the Common Stock (as determined on a per share or aggregate basis, as applicable) determined as follows: 
 
 (i) If the Common Stock is listed on any established stock exchange or traded on any established market, the Fair Market Value will be the closing sales price for such stock as quoted on such exchange or market (or the exchange or market with the greatest volume of trading in the Common Stock) on the date of determination, as reported in a source the Board deems reliable. 

(ii) If there is no closing sales price for the Common Stock on the date of determination, then the Fair Market Value will be the closing selling price on the last preceding date for which such quotation exists. 

(iii) In the absence of such markets for the Common Stock, or if otherwise determined by the Board, the Fair Market Value will be determined by the Board in good faith and in a manner that complies with Sections 409A and 422 of the Code. 

(ee) Governmental Body means any: (a) nation, state, commonwealth, province, territory, county, municipality, district or other jurisdiction of any nature; (b) federal, state, local, municipal, foreign or other government; (c) governmental or regulatory body, or quasi- governmental body of any nature (including any governmental division, department, administrative agency or bureau, commission, authority, instrumentality, official, ministry, fund, foundation, center, organization, unit, body or Entity and any court or other tribunal, and for the avoidance of doubt, any Tax authority) or other body exercising similar powers or authority; or (d) self-regulatory organization (including the Nasdaq Stock Market, New York Stock Exchange, and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority). 
 
 (ff) Grant Notice means the notice provided to a Participant that he or she has been granted an Award under the Plan and which includes the name of the Participant, the type of Award, the date of grant of the Award, number of shares of Common Stock subject to the Award or potential cash payment right, (if any), the vesting schedule for the Award (if any) and other key terms applicable to the Award. 
 
 (gg) Incentive Stock Option means an option granted pursuant to Section 4 of the Plan that is intended to be, and qualifies as, an incentive stock option within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code. 
 
 (hh) Materially Impair means any amendment to the terms of the Award that materially adversely affects the Participant s rights under the Award. A Participant's rights under an Award will not be deemed to have been Materially Impaired by any such amendment if the Board, in its sole discretion, determines that the amendment, taken as a whole, does not materially impair the Participant's rights. For example, the following types of amendments to the terms of an Award do not Materially Impair the Participant s rights under the Award: (i) imposition of reasonable restrictions on the minimum number of shares subject to an Option that may be exercised; (ii) to maintain the qualified status of the Award as an Incentive Stock Option under Section 422 of the Code; (iii) to change the terms of an Incentive Stock Option in a manner that disqualifies, impairs or otherwise affects the qualified status of the Award as an Incentive Stock Option under Section 422 of the Code; (iv) to clarify the manner of exemption from, or to bring the Award into compliance with or qualify it for an exemption from, Section 409A; or (v) to comply with other Applicable Laws. 
 
 (ii) Non-Employee Director means a Director who either (i) is not a current employee or officer of the Company or an Affiliate, does not receive compensation, either directly or indirectly, from the Company or an Affiliate for services rendered as a consultant or in any capacity other than as a Director (except for an amount as to which disclosure would not be required under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K promulgated pursuant to the Securities Act 

Regulation S-K )), does not possess an interest in any other transaction for which disclosure would be required under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K, and is not engaged in a business relationship for which disclosure would be required pursuant to Item 404(b) of Regulation S-K; or 
 (ii) is otherwise considered a non-employee director for purposes of Rule 16b-3. 
 
 (jj) Non-Exempt Award means any Award that is subject to, and not exempt from, Section 409A, including as the result of (i) a deferral of the issuance of the shares subject to the Award which is elected by the Participant or imposed by the Company, (ii) the terms of any Non- Exempt Severance Agreement. 

(kk) Non-Exempt Director Award means a Non-Exempt Award granted to a Participant who was a Director but not an Employee on the applicable grant date. 
 
 (ll) Non-Exempt Severance Arrangement means a severance arrangement or other agreement between the Participant and the Company that provides for acceleration of vesting of an Award and issuance of the shares in respect of such Award upon the Participant s termination of employment or separation from service (as such term is defined in Section 409A(a)(2)(A)(i) of the Code (and without regard to any alternative definition thereunder) Separation from Service and such severance benefit does not satisfy the requirements for an exemption from application of Section 409A provided under Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-1(b)(4), 1.409A-1(b)(9) or otherwise. 
 
 (mm) Nonstatutory Stock Option means any option granted pursuant to Section 4 of the Plan that does not qualify as an Incentive Stock Option. 
 
 (nn) Officer means a person who is an officer of the Company within the meaning of Section 16 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 (oo) Option means an Incentive Stock Option or a Nonstatutory Stock Option to purchase shares of Common Stock granted pursuant to the Plan. 
 
 (pp) Option Agreement means a written agreement between the Company and the Optionholder evidencing the terms and conditions of the Option grant. The Option Agreement includes the Grant Notice for the Option and the agreement containing the written summary of the general terms and conditions applicable to the Option and which is provided to a Participant along with the Grant Notice. Each Option Agreement will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. 
 
 (qq) Optionholder means a person to whom an Option is granted pursuant to the Plan or, if applicable, such other person who holds an outstanding Option. 
 
 (rr) Other Award means an award based in whole or in part by reference to the Common Stock which is granted pursuant to the terms and conditions of Section 5(c). 
 
 (ss) Other Award Agreement means a written agreement between the Company and a holder of an Other Award evidencing the terms and conditions of an Other Award grant. Each Other Award Agreement will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. 
 
 (tt) Own, Owned, Owner, Ownership means that a person or Entity will be deemed to Own, to have Owned, to be the Owner of, or to have acquired Ownership of securities if such person or Entity, directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship or otherwise, has or shares voting power, which includes the power to vote or to direct the voting, with respect to such securities. 
 
 (uu) Participant means an Employee, Director or Consultant to whom an Award is granted pursuant to the Plan or, if applicable, such other person who holds an outstanding Award. 
 
 (vv) Performance Award means an Award that may vest or may be exercised or a cash award that may vest or become earned and paid contingent upon the attainment during a Performance Period of certain Performance Goals and which is granted under the terms and conditions of Section 5(b) pursuant to such terms as are approved by the Board. In addition, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law and set forth in the applicable Award Agreement, the Board may determine that cash or other property may be used in payment of Performance Awards. Performance Awards that are settled in cash or other property are not required to be 
 
 valued in whole or in part by reference to, or otherwise based on, the Common Stock. 
 
 (ww) Performance Criteria means the one or more criteria that the Board will select for purposes of establishing the Performance Goals for a Performance Period. The Performance Criteria that will be used to establish such Performance Goals may be based on any measure of performance selected by the Board. 
 
 (xx) Performance Goals means, for a Performance Period, the one or more goals established by the Board for the Performance Period based upon the Performance Criteria. Performance Goals may be based on a Company-wide basis, with respect to one or more business units, divisions, Affiliates, or business segments, and in either absolute terms or relative to the performance of one or more comparable companies or the performance of one or more relevant indices. Unless specified otherwise by the Board (i) in the Award Agreement at the time the Award is granted or (ii) in such other document setting forth the Performance Goals at the time the Performance Goals are established, the Board will appropriately make adjustments in the method of calculating the attainment of Performance Goals for a Performance Period as follows: (1) to exclude restructuring and/or other nonrecurring charges; (2) to exclude exchange rate effects; (3) to exclude the effects of changes to generally accepted accounting principles; (4) to exclude the effects of any statutory adjustments to corporate tax rates; (5) to exclude the effects of items that are unusual in nature or occur infrequently as determined under generally accepted accounting principles; (6) to exclude the dilutive effects of acquisitions or joint ventures; (7) to assume that any business divested by the Company achieved performance objectives at targeted levels during the balance of a Performance Period following such divestiture; (8) to exclude the effect of any change in the outstanding shares of common stock of the Company by reason of any stock dividend or split, stock repurchase, reorganization, recapitalization, merger, consolidation, spin-off, combination or exchange of shares or other similar corporate change, or any distributions to common stockholders other than regular cash dividends; (9) to exclude the effects of stock based compensation and the award of bonuses under the Company s bonus plans; (10) to exclude costs incurred in connection with potential acquisitions or divestitures that are required to expense under generally accepted accounting principles; and (11) to exclude the goodwill and intangible asset impairment charges that are required to be recorded under generally accepted accounting 
 
 principles. In addition, the Board retains the discretion to reduce or eliminate the compensation or economic benefit due upon attainment of Performance Goals and to define the manner of calculating the Performance Criteria it selects to use for such Performance Period. Partial achievement of the specified criteria may result in the payment or vesting corresponding to the degree of achievement as specified in the Award Agreement or the written terms of a Performance Cash Award. 
 
 (yy) Performance Period means the period of time selected by the Board over which the attainment of one or more Performance Goals will be measured for the purpose of determining a Participant s right to vesting or exercise of an Award. Performance Periods may be of varying and overlapping duration, at the sole discretion of the Board. 
 
 (zz) Plan means this biote Corp. 2022 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended from time to time. 
 
 (aaa) Plan Administrator means the person, persons, and/or third-party administrator designated by the Company to administer the day to day operations of the Plan and the Company s other equity incentive programs. 
 
 (bbb) Post-Termination Exercise Period means the period following termination of a Participant s Continuous Service within which an Option or SAR is exercisable, as specified in Section 4(h). 
 
 (ccc) Restricted Stock Award or RSA means an Award of shares of Common Stock which is granted pursuant to the terms and conditions of Section 5(a). 

(ddd) Restricted Stock Award Agreement means a written agreement between the Company and a holder of a Restricted Stock Award evidencing the terms and conditions of a Restricted Stock Award grant. The Restricted Stock Award Agreement includes the Grant Notice for the Restricted Stock Award and the agreement containing the written summary of the general terms and conditions applicable to the Restricted Stock Award and which is provided to a Participant along with the Grant Notice. Each Restricted Stock Award Agreement will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. 
 
 (eee) RSU Award or RSU means an Award of restricted stock units representing the right to receive an issuance of shares of Common Stock which is granted pursuant to the terms and conditions of Section 5(a). 
 
 (fff) RSU Award Agreement means a written agreement between the Company and a holder of an RSU Award evidencing the terms and conditions of a RSU Award grant. The RSU Award Agreement includes the Grant Notice for the RSU Award and the agreement containing the written summary of the general terms and conditions applicable to the RSU Award and which is provided to a Participant along with the Grant Notice. Each RSU Award Agreement will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. 
 
 (ggg) Rule 16b-3 means Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act or any successor to Rule 16b-3, as in effect from time to time. 
 
 (hhh) Rule 405 means Rule 405 promulgated under the Securities Act. 
 
 (iii) Section 409A means Section 409A of the Code and the regulations and other guidance thereunder. 

(jjj) Section 409A Change in Control means a change in the ownership or effective control of the Company, or in the ownership of a substantial portion of the Company s assets, as provided in Section 409A(a)(2)(A)(v) of the Code and Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A- 3(i)(5) (without regard to any alternative definition thereunder). 
 
 (kkk) Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
 
 (lll) Share Reserve means the number of shares available for issuance under the Plan as set forth in Section 2(a). 
 
 (mmm)	 Stock Appreciation Right or SAR means a right to receive the appreciation on Common Stock that is granted pursuant to the terms and conditions of Section 4. 
 
 (nnn) SAR Agreement means a written agreement between the Company and a holder of a SAR evidencing the terms and conditions of a SAR grant. The SAR Agreement includes the Grant Notice for the SAR and the agreement containing the written summary of the general terms and conditions applicable to the SAR and which is provided to a Participant along with the Grant Notice. Each SAR Agreement will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. 
 
 (ooo) Subsidiary means, with respect to the Company, (i) any corporation of which more than 50 of the outstanding capital stock having ordinary voting power to elect a majority of the board of directors of such corporation (irrespective of whether, at the time, stock of any other class or classes of such corporation will have or might have voting power by reason of the happening of any contingency) is at the time, directly or indirectly, Owned by the Company, and 
 (ii) any partnership, limited liability company or other entity in which the Company has a direct or indirect interest (whether in the form of voting or participation in profits or capital contribution) of more than 50 . 

(ppp) Ten Percent Stockholder means a person who Owns (or is deemed to Own pursuant to Section 424(d) of the Code) stock possessing more than 10 of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or any Affiliate. 
 
 (qqq) Trading Policy means the Company s policy permitting certain individuals to sell Company shares only during certain window periods and/or otherwise restricts the ability of certain individuals to transfer or encumber Company shares, as in effect from time to time. 
 
 (rrr) Unvested Non-Exempt Award means the portion of any Non-Exempt Award that had not vested in accordance with its terms upon or prior to the date of any Corporate Transaction. 
 
 (sss) Vested Non-Exempt Award means the portion of any Non-Exempt Award that had vested in accordance with its terms upon or prior to the date of a Corporate Transaction. 

</EX-10>

<EX-23>
 5
 btmd-ex23_1.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23 

Exhibit 23.1 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement Nos. 333-265714 and 333-266433 on Form S-1 and Registration Statement No. 333-266490 on Form S-8 of our report dated March 29, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements of biote Corp. and subsidiaries, appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 /s/ Deloitte Touche LLP 
 Dallas, Texas 
 March 29, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31>
 6
 btmd-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Teresa S. Weber, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of biote Corp.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 29, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Teresa S. Weber 

Teresa S. Weber 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 7
 btmd-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Samar J. Kamdar, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of biote Corp.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 29, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Samar J. Kamdar 

Samar J. Kamdar 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 8
 btmd-ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 Pursuant to the requirement set forth in Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (the Exchange Act and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code (18 U.S.C. 1350), Teresa S. Weber, Chief Executive Officer of biote Corp. (the Company hereby certifies that, to the best of my knowledge: 
 (1) The Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, to which this Certification is attached as Exhibit 32.1 (the Annual Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act; and 

(2) The information contained in the Annual Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 29, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Teresa S. Weber 

Teresa S. Weber 

Chief Executive Officer 

This certification accompanies the Form 10-K to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (whether made before or after the date of the Form 10-K), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

</EX-32>

<EX-32>
 9
 btmd-ex32_2.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 Pursuant to the requirement set forth in Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (the Exchange Act and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code (18 U.S.C. 1350), Samar J. Kamdar, Chief Financial Officer of biote Corp. (the Company hereby certifies that, to the best of my knowledge: 
 (1) The Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, to which this Certification is attached as Exhibit 32.2 (the Annual Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act; and 

(2) The information contained in the Annual Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 29, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Samar J. Kamdar 

Samar J. Kamdar 

Chief Financial Officer 

This certification accompanies the Form 10-K to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (whether made before or after the date of the Form 10-K), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 btmd-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 btmd-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 btmd-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.SCH>
 13
 btmd-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 14
 btmd-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

