<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230223_10-K_edgar_data_81018_0000081018-23-000003.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>18899006</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>190405</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2863233</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6834819</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4464050</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4235928</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000081018-23-000003.hdr.sgml : 20230223
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230223150421
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000081018-23-000003
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		99
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230223
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230223

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PUBLIC SERVICE CO OF COLORADO
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000081018
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRIC & OTHER SERVICES COMBINED [4931]
		IRS NUMBER:				840296600
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CO
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-03280
		FILM NUMBER:		23659148

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1800 LARIMER STREET
		CITY:			DENVER
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80202
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3035717511

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P O BOX 840 STE 300
		CITY:			DENVER
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80201

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000081018-23-000003.txt : 20230223

10-K
 1
 psco-20221231.htm
 10-K

psco-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from _____ to _____ 
 
 (Commission File Number) 
 Public Service Company of Colorado (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (IRS Employer Identification No.) 

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered N/A N/A N/A 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , smaller reporting company , and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C.7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 As of Feb. 23, 2023, shares of common stock, par value 0.01 per share, were outstanding, all of which were held by Xcel Energy Inc., a Minnesota corporation. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 The information required by Item 14 of Form 10-K is set forth under the heading Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Audit and Non-Audit Fees in Xcel Energy Inc. s definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders which definitive Proxy Statement is expected to be filed with the SEC on or about April 11, 2023. Such information set forth under such heading is incorporated herein by this reference hereto. 
 Public Service Company of Colorado meets the conditions set forth in General Instructions I(1)(a) and (b) of Form 10-K and is therefore filing this form with the reduced disclosure format permitted by General Instruction I(2). 
 
 1 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 PART I Item 1 Business 
 3 
 Item 1A Risk Factors 
 8 
 Item 1B Unresolved Staff Comments 
 14 
 Item 2 Properties 
 14 
 Item 3 Legal Proceedings 
 15 
 Item 4 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 15 
 PART II Item 5 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 15 
 Item 6 [Reserved] 
 15 
 Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 15 
 Item 7A Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 19 
 Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 20 
 Item 9 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 47 
 Item 9A Controls and Procedures 
 47 
 Item 9B Other Information 
 48 
 Item 9C Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 48 
 PART III Item 10 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 48 
 Item 11 Executive Compensation 
 48 
 Item 12 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 48 
 Item 13 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 48 
 Item 14 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 48 
 PART IV Item 15 Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 
 49 
 Item 16 Form 10-K Summary 
 51 
 Signatures 
 52 
 
 This Form 10-K is filed by PSCo. PSCo is a wholly owned subsidiary of Xcel Energy Inc. Additional information on Xcel Energy is available in various filings with the SEC. This report should be read in its entirety. 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 
 
 ITEM 1 BUSINESS 

Definitions of Abbreviations 
 Xcel Energy Inc. s Subsidiaries and Affiliates (current and former) NSP-Minnesota Northern States Power Company, a Minnesota corporation NSP-Wisconsin Northern States Power Company, a Wisconsin corporation PSCo Public Service Company of Colorado SPS Southwestern Public Service Company Utility subsidiaries NSP-Minnesota, NSP-Wisconsin, PSCo and SPS WYCO WYCO Development, LLC Xcel Energy Xcel Energy Inc. and its subsidiaries 
 Federal and State Regulatory Agencies CPUC Colorado Public Utilities Commission DOT United States Department of Transportation EPA United States Environmental Protection Agency FERC Federal Energy Regulatory Commission IRS Internal Revenue Service NERC North American Electric Reliability Corporation PHMSA Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration SEC Securities and Exchange Commission 
 Electric, Purchased Gas and Resource Adjustment Clauses DSM Demand side management ECA Retail electric commodity adjustment GCA Gas cost adjustment PSIA Pipeline system integrity adjustment RES Renewable energy standard 
 Other AFUDC Allowance for funds used during construction ALJ Administrative Law Judge AMT Alternative minimum tax ARO Asset retirement obligation ASC Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification C I Commercial and Industrial CCR Coal combustion residuals CCR Rule Final rule (40 CFR 257.50 - 257.107) published by the EPA regulating the management, storage and disposal of CCRs as a nonhazardous waste CEO Chief executive officer CFO Chief financial officer CIG Colorado Interstate Gas Company, LLC CWIP Construction work in progress ETR Effective tax rate GAAP Generally accepted accounting principles 

GHG Greenhouse gas IPP Independent power producing entity IRA Inflation Reduction Act ISO Independent System Operator ITC Investment tax credit MGP Manufactured gas plant Moody s Moody s Investor Services Native load Customer demand of retail and wholesale customers whereby a utility has an obligation to serve under statute or long-term contract NAV Net asset value NOL Net operating loss NOPR Notice of proposed rulemaking O M Operating and maintenance PFAS Per- and PolyFluoroAlkyl Substances 
 Post-65 Post-Medicare PPA Purchased power agreement Pre-65 Pre-Medicare PTC Production tax credit REC Renewable energy credit ROE Return on equity ROU Right-of-use RTO Regional Transmission Organization S P Standard Poor s Global Ratings SERP Supplemental executive retirement plan SPP Southwest Power Pool, Inc. TCA Transmission cost adjustment TCJA 2017 federal tax reform enacted as Public Law No: 115-97, commonly referred to as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act VaR Value at Risk VIE Variable interest entity WACC Weighted Average Cost of Capital 
 Measurements Bcf Billion cubic feet KV Kilovolts KWh Kilowatt hours MMBtu Million British thermal units MW Megawatts MWh Megawatt hours 

Where to Find More Information 
 
 PSCo is a wholly owned subsidiary of Xcel Energy Inc., and Xcel Energy s website address is www.xcelenergy.com. Xcel Energy makes available, free of charge through its website, its annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and all amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as soon as reasonably practicable after the reports are electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. The SEC maintains an internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically at http://www.sec.gov. The information on Xcel Energy s website is not a part of, or incorporated by reference in, this annual report on Form 10-K. 

3 

Table of Contents 

 Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 Except for the historical statements contained in this report, the matters discussed herein are forward-looking statements that are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Such forward-looking statements, including those relating to future sales, future expenses, future tax rates, future operating performance, estimated base capital expenditures and financing plans, projected capital additions and forecasted annual revenue requirements with respect to rider filings, expected rate increases to customers, expectations and intentions regarding regulatory proceedings, and expected impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows of resettlement calculations and credit losses relating to certain energy transactions, as well as assumptions and other statements are intended to be identified in this document by the words anticipate, believe, could, estimate, expect, intend, may, objective, outlook, plan, project, possible, potential, should, will, would and similar expressions. Actual results may vary materially. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and we expressly disclaim any obligation to update any forward-looking information. The following factors, in addition to those discussed elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended Dec. 31, 2022 (including risk factors listed from time to time by PSCo in reports filed with the SEC, including Risk Factors in Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K), could cause actual results to differ materially from management expectations as suggested by such forward-looking information: operational safety; successful long-term operational planning; commodity risks associated with energy markets and production; rising energy prices and fuel costs; qualified employee work force and third-party contractor factors; violations of our Codes of Conduct; our ability to recover costs; changes in regulation; reductions in our credit ratings and the cost of maintaining certain contractual relationships; general economic conditions, including recessionary conditions, inflation rates, monetary fluctuations, supply chain constraints and their impact on capital expenditures and/or the ability of PSCo to obtain financing on favorable terms; availability or cost of capital; our customers and counterparties ability to pay their debts to us; assumptions and costs relating to funding our employee benefit plans and health care benefits; tax laws; uncertainty regarding epidemics, the duration and magnitude of business restrictions including shutdowns (domestically and globally), the potential impact on the workforce, including shortages of employees or third-party contractors due to quarantine policies, vaccination requirements or government restrictions, impacts on the transportation of goods and the generalized impact on the economy; effects of geopolitical events, including war and acts of terrorism; cyber security threats and data security breaches; seasonal weather patterns; changes in environmental laws and regulations; climate change and other weather events; natural disaster and resource depletion, including compliance with any accompanying legislative and regulatory changes; costs of potential regulatory penalties; regulatory changes and/or limitations related to the use of natural gas as an energy source; challenging labor market conditions and our ability to attract and retain a qualified workforce; and our ability to execute on our strategies or achieve expectations related to environmental, social and governance matters including as a result of evolving legal, regulatory and other standards, processes, and assumptions, the pace of scientific and technological developments, increased costs, the availability of requisite financing, and changes in carbon markets. 
 
 Company Overview Electric customers 1.6 million 
 PSCo was incorporated in 1924 under the laws of Colorado. PSCo conducts business in Colorado and generates, purchases, transmits, distributes and sells electricity in addition to purchasing, transporting, distributing and selling natural gas to retail customers and transporting customer-owned natural gas. 
 Natural gas customers 1.5 million Total assets 23.6 billion Rate Base (estimated) 14.9 billion ROE (net income / average stockholder's equity) 8.23 Electric generating capacity 6,151 MW Gas storage capacity 32.1 Bcf Electric transmission lines (conductor miles) 25,000 miles Electric distribution lines (conductor miles) 79,000 miles Natural gas transmission lines 2,000 miles Natural gas distribution lines 24,000 miles 

Electric Operations 

Electric operations consist of energy supply, generation, transmission and distribution activities. PSCo had electric sales volume of 33,526 (millions of KWh), 1.6 million customers and electric revenues of 3,795 million for 2022. 
 Electric Operations (percentage of total) Sales Volume Number of Customers Revenues Residential 29 86 35 C I 56 11 49 Other 15 3 16 

Retail Sales/Revenue Statistics (a) 
 2022 2021 KWH sales per retail customer 18,456 18,741 Revenue per retail customer 2,074 1,975 Residential revenue per KWh 13.62 12.46 C I revenue per KWh 9.86 9.37 Total retail revenue per KWh 11.24 10.54 
 (a) See Note 6 to the consolidated financial statements for further information. 

4 

Table of Contents 

 Owned and Purchased Energy Generation 2022 

Electric Energy Sources 
 Total electric energy generation by source for the year ended Dec. 31: 
 
 Carbon Free 
 PSCo s carbon free energy portfolio includes wind, hydroelectric and solar power from both owned generating facilities and PPAs. Carbon free percentages will vary year over year based on system additions, commodity costs, weather, system demand and transmission constraints. 
 See Item 2 Properties for further information. 
 Wind 
 Owned Owned and operated wind farms with corresponding capacity: 
 2022 2021 Wind Farms Capacity (MW) (a) 
 Wind Farms Capacity (MW) (b) 
 2 1,059 2 1,059 
 (a) Summer 2022 net dependable capacity. 
 (b) Summer 2021 net dependable capacity. 
 PPAs Number of PPAs with capacity range: 2022 2021 PPAs Range (MW) PPAs Range (MW) 17 23 301 17 23 301 
 Current wind capacity for owned wind farms and PPAs was 4,082 MW and 4,085 MW in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 In 2022, the average cost of wind energy was 11 per MWh for owned generation and 38 per MWh under existing PPAs. In 2021, the average cost of wind energy was 17 per MWh for owned generation and 35 per MWh under existing PPAs. 

Solar 
 PPAs Solar PPAs capacity by type: 
 Type Capacity (MW) Distributed Generation 848 Utility-Scale 732 Total 1,580 
 The average cost of solar energy under existing PPAs was 69 per MWh and 67 per MWh in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Solar Development PSCo placed approximately 200 MW of PPAs into service during 2022 and expects to place approximately 800 MW (including storage) of PPAs into service during 2023. 
 Other 
 PSCo s other carbon-free energy portfolio includes hydro from owned generating facilities. 
 See Item 2 Properties for further information. 
 Fossil Fuel 
 PSCo s fossil fuel energy portfolio includes coal and natural gas power from both owned generating facilities and PPAs. 
 See Item 2 Properties for further information. 
 Coal 
 PSCo owns and operates coal units with approximately 1,700 MW of total 2022 net summer dependable capacity, which provided 27 of the PSCo energy mix in 2022. 
 Approved early coal plant retirements: 
 Year Plant Unit Capacity (MW) 2025 Comanche 2 335 2025 Craig 1 42 (a) 
 2025 Pawnee (b) 
 505 2027 Hayden 2 98 (a) 
 2028 Hayden 1 135 (a) 
 2028 Craig 2 40 (a) 
 2030 Comanche 3 500 (a) 
 
 (a) Based on PSCo s ownership interest. 
 (b) Reflects conversion from coal to natural gas. 
 Coal Fuel Cost Delivered cost per MMBtu of coal consumed for owned electric generation and the percentage of total fuel requirements (coal and natural gas): 
 Coal Cost Percent 2022 1.48 55 2021 1.43 62 
 Natural Gas 
 PSCo has seven natural gas plants with approximately 3,200 MW of total 2022 net summer dependable capacity, which provided 32 of the PSCo energy mix in 2022. 

5 

Table of Contents 

 Natural gas supplies, transportation and storage services for power plants are procured to provide an adequate supply of fuel. Remaining requirements are procured through a liquid spot market. Generally, natural gas supply contracts have variable pricing that is tied to natural gas indices. Natural gas supply and transportation agreements include obligations for the purchase and/or delivery of specified volumes or payments in lieu of delivery. 
 Natural Gas Cost Delivered cost per MMBtu of natural gas consumed for owned electric generation and the percentage of total fuel requirements (coal and natural gas): 
 Natural Gas Cost Percent 2022 7.09 45 2021 (a) 
 8.38 38 
 (a) Reflective of Winter Storm Uri. 
 
 Capacity and Demand 
 Uninterrupted system peak demand and occurrence date: 
 System Peak Demand (MW) 2022 2021 6,821 Sept. 6 6,958 July 28 
 
 Transmission 
 Transmission lines deliver electricity over long distances from power sources to transmission substations closer to customers. A strong transmission system ensures continued reliable and affordable service, ability to meet state and regional energy policy goals, and support for a diverse generation mix, including renewable energy. PSCo owns more than 24,000 conductor miles of transmission lines across its service territory. 
 PSCo plans to build approximately 600 additional conductor miles of transmission lines, primarily as part of the Colorado Power Pathway project estimated to be complete in 2027. 
 See Item 2 - Properties for further information. 
 
 Distribution 
 Distribution lines allow electricity to travel at lower voltages from substations directly to customers. PSCo has a vast distribution network, owning and operating approximately 79,000 conductor miles of distribution lines across our service territory. To continue providing reliable, affordable electric service and enable more flexibility for customers, we are working to digitize the distribution grid, while at the same time keeping it secure. 
 See Item 2 - Properties for further information. 
 
 Natural Gas Operations 
 
 Natural gas operations consist of purchase, transportation and distribution of natural gas to end-use residential, C I and transport customers. PSCo had natural gas deliveries of 291,800 (thousands of MMBtu), 1.5 million customers and natural gas revenues of 1,860 million for 2022. 
 Natural Gas (percentage of total) Deliveries Number of Customers Revenues Residential 36 92 65 C I 16 7 26 Transportation and other 48 1 9 

Sales/Revenue Statistics (a) 
 2022 2021 MMBtu sales per retail customer 103 99 Revenue per retail customer 1,147 797 Residential revenue per MMBtu 11.14 8.35 C I revenue per MMBtu 10.40 7.35 Transportation and other revenue per MMBtu 1.07 1.37 
 (a) See Note 6 to the consolidated financial statements for further information. 
 
 Capability and Demand 
 Natural gas supply requirements are categorized as firm or interruptible (customers with an alternate energy supply). 
 Maximum daily output (firm and interruptible) and occurrence date: 
 2022 2021 MMBtu Date MMBtu Date (a) 
 2,243,552 Dec. 22 2,316,283 Feb. 14 
 (a) Reflective of Winter Storm Uri. 
 
 Natural Gas Supply and Cost 
 PSCo seeks natural gas supply, transportation and storage alternatives to yield a diversified portfolio, which increases flexibility, decreases interruption, financial risks and economical rates. In addition, PSCo conducts natural gas price hedging activities approved by its state s commissions. 
 Average delivered cost per MMBtu of natural gas for regulated retail distribution: 
 2022 2021 (a) 
 6.33 6.06 
 (a) Reflective of Winter Storm Uri. 
 PSCo has natural gas supply transportation and storage agreements that include obligations for purchase and/or delivery of specified volumes or to make payments in lieu of delivery. 
 
 General 
 Seasonality 
 Demand for electric power and natural gas is affected by seasonal differences in the weather. In general, peak sales of electricity occur in the summer months and peak sales of natural gas occur in the winter months. As a result, the overall operating results may fluctuate substantially on a seasonal basis. Additionally, PSCo s operations have historically generated less revenues and income when weather conditions are milder in the winter and cooler in the summer. 
 Competition 
 PSCo is subject to public policies that promote competition and development of energy markets. PSCo s industrial and large commercial customers have the ability to generate their own electricity. In addition, customers may have the option of substituting other fuels or relocating their facilities to a lower cost region. 
 Customers have the opportunity to supply their own power with distributed generation including solar generation and in most jurisdictions can currently avoid paying for most of the fixed production, transmission and distribution costs incurred to serve them. 

6 

Table of Contents 

 Colorado has incentives for the development of rooftop solar, community solar gardens and other distributed energy resources. Distributed generating resources are potential competitors to PSCo s electric service business with these incentives and federal tax subsidies. 
 The FERC has continued to promote competitive wholesale markets through open access transmission and other means. PSCo s wholesale customers can purchase their output from generation resources of competing suppliers or non-contracted quantities and use the transmission system of PSCo on a comparable basis to serve their native load. 
 FERC Order No. 1000 established competition for ownership of certain new electric transmission facilities under Federal regulations. Some states have state laws that allow the incumbent a Right of First Refusal to own these transmission facilities. 
 FERC Order 2222 requires that RTO and ISO markets allow participation of aggregations of distributed energy resources. This order is expected to incentivize distributed energy resource adoption, however implementation is expected to vary by RTO/ISO and the near, medium, and long-term impacts of Order 2222 remain unclear. 
 PSCo has franchise agreements with cities subject to periodic renewal; however, a city could seek alternative means to access electric power or gas, such as municipalization. No municipalization activities are occurring presently. 
 While facing these challenges, PSCo believes its rates and services are competitive with alternatives currently available. 
 
 Governmental Regulations 
 Public Utility Regulation 
 See Item 7 for discussion of public utility regulation. 
 Environmental Regulation 
 Our facilities are regulated by federal and state agencies that have jurisdiction over air emissions, water quality, wastewater discharges, solid and hazardous wastes or substances. Certain PSCo activities require registrations, permits, licenses, inspections and approvals from these agencies. 
 PSCo has received necessary authorizations for the construction and continued operation of its generation, transmission and distribution systems. Our facilities strive to operate in compliance with applicable environmental standards and related monitoring and reporting requirements. 
 However, it is not possible to determine what additional facilities or modifications to existing or planned facilities will be required as a result of changes to regulations, interpretations or enforcement policies or what effect future laws or regulations may have. We may be required to incur expenditures in the future for remediation of historic and current operating sites and other waste treatment, storage and disposal sites. 
 There are significant environmental regulations to encourage use of clean energy technologies and regulate emissions of GHGs. PSCo has undertaken numerous initiatives to meet current requirements and prepare for potential future regulations, reduce GHG emissions and respond to state renewable and energy efficiency goals. Future environmental regulations may result in substantial costs. 

Emerging Environmental Regulation 
 Clean Air Act In a June 2022 ruling, the United States Supreme Court held that an economy-wide approach to reducing greenhouse gas emissions from coal-fired power plants was not consistent with the Clean Air Act. Therefore, if the EPA proceeds with new rules, it cannot set a standard based on economy-wide generation shifting to other sources, such as renewable energy. It is anticipated that EPA will propose rules to limit GHG emissions from new and existing coal and natural gas-fired electric generating units in 2023. If any new rules require additional investment, PSCo believes that the cost of these initiatives or replacement generation would be recoverable through rates based on prior state commission practices. 
 Coal Ash Regulation In February 2023, the EPA entered into a Consent Decree, committing the agency to either issue new proposed rules by May 5, 2023, to regulate inactive CCR landfills under the CCR Rule for the first time, or to determine no such rules are necessary by that date. If proposed rules are issued in May, the EPA has committed to a May 2024 effective date for the new rules. Until proposed rules are issued, it is not certain what the impact will be on PSCo, but we anticipate that additional inactive ash units could become regulated for the first time. It is also anticipated that the EPA may issue other CCR proposed rules in 2023 that further expand the scope of the CCR Rule. 
 Emerging Contaminants of Concern PFAS are man-made chemicals that are widely used in consumer products and can persist and bio-accumulate in the environment. PSCo does not manufacture PFAS but because PFAS are so ubiquitous in products and the environment, it may impact our operations. In September 2022, the EPA proposed to designate two types of PFAS as hazardous substances under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act, specifically perfluorooctanoic acid and perfluorooctanesulfonic acid. This proposed rule could result in new obligations for investigation and cleanup wherever PFAS are found to be present. The impact the proposed regulation may have on electric and gas utilities is currently uncertain. 
 Other 
 Our operations are subject to workplace safety standards under the Federal Occupational Safety and Health Act of 1970 OSHA and comparable state laws that regulate the protection of worker health and safety. In addition, the Company is subject to other government regulations impacting such matters as labor, competition, data privacy, etc. Based on information to date and because our policies and business practices are designed to comply with all applicable laws, we do not believe the effects of compliance on our operations, financial condition or cash flows are material. 
 
 Employees 
 As of Dec. 31, 2022, PSCo had 2,382 full-time employees and one part-time employee, of which 1,852 were covered under collective-bargaining agreements. 

7 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 1A RISK FACTORS 
 
 Xcel Energy, which includes PSCo, is subject to a variety of risks, many of which are beyond our control. Risks that may adversely affect the business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows are described below. Although the risks are organized by heading, and each risk is described separately, many of the risks are interrelated. These risks should be carefully considered together with the other information set forth in this report and future reports that Xcel Energy files with the SEC. You should not interpret the disclosure of any risk factor to imply that the risk has not already materialized. While we believe we have identified and discussed below the key risk factors affecting our business, there may be additional risks and uncertainties that are not presently known or that are not currently believed to be significant that may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows in the future. 
 Oversight of Risk and Related Processes 
 PSCo s Board of Directors is responsible for the oversight of material risk and maintaining an effective risk monitoring process. Management and the Board of Directors have responsibility for overseeing the identification and mitigation of key risks. 
 PSCo maintains a robust compliance program and promotes a culture of compliance, beginning with the tone at the top. The risk mitigation process includes adherence to our Code of Conduct and compliance policies, operation of formal risk management structures and overall business management. PSCo further mitigates inherent risks through formal risk committees and corporate functions such as internal audit, and internal controls over financial reporting and legal. 
 Management identifies and analyzes risks to determine materiality and other attributes such as timing, probability and controllability. Identification and risk analysis occurs formally through risk assessment conducted by senior management, the financial disclosure process, hazard risk procedures, internal audit and compliance with financial and operational controls. Management also identifies and analyzes risk through the business planning process, development of goals and establishment of key performance indicators, including identification of barriers to implementing our strategy. The business planning process also identifies likelihood and mitigating factors to prevent the assumption of inappropriate risk to meet goals. 
 Management communicates regularly with the Board of Directors and its sole stockholder regarding risk. Senior management presents and communicates a periodic risk assessment to the Board of Directors, providing information on the risks that management believes are material, including financial impact, timing, likelihood and mitigating factors. The Board of Directors regularly reviews management s key risk assessments, which includes areas of existing and future macroeconomic, financial, operational, policy, environmental, safety and security risks. 
 The oversight, management and mitigation of risk is an integral and continuous part of the Board of Directors governance of PSCo. Processes are in place to confirm appropriate risk oversight, as well as identification and consideration of new risks. 

Risks Associated with Our Business 
 Operational Risks 
 Our natural gas and electric generation/transmission and distribution operations involve numerous risks that may result in accidents and other operating risks and costs. 
 Our natural gas transmission and distribution activities include inherent hazards and operating risks, such as leaks, explosions, outages and mechanical problems. Our electric generation, transmission and distribution activities include inherent hazards and operating risks such as contact, fire and outages. These risks could result in loss of life, significant property damage, environmental pollution, impairment of our operations and substantial financial losses to employees, third-party contractors, customers or the public. We maintain insurance against most, but not all, of these risks and losses. 
 The occurrence of these events, if not fully covered by insurance, could have a material effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows as well as potential loss of reputation. 
 Other uncertainties and risks inherent in operating and maintaining PSCo's facilities include, but are not limited to: 
 Risks associated with facility start-up operations, such as whether the facility will achieve projected operating performance on schedule and otherwise as planned. 
 Failures in the availability, acquisition or transportation of fuel or other supplies. 
 Impact of adverse weather conditions and natural disasters, including, tornadoes, icing events, floods and droughts. 
 Performance below expected or contracted levels of output or efficiency. 
 Availability of replacement equipment. 
 Availability of adequate water resources and ability to satisfy water intake and discharge requirements. 
 Availability or changes to wind patterns. 
 Inability to identify, manage properly or mitigate equipment defects. 
 Use of new or unproven technology. 
 Risks associated with dependence on a specific type of fuel or fuel source, such as commodity price risk, availability of adequate fuel supply and transportation and lack of available alternative fuel sources. 
 Increased competition due to, among other factors, new facilities, excess supply, shifting demand and regulatory changes. 
 Additionally, compliance with existing and potential new regulations related to the operation and maintenance of our natural gas infrastructure could result in significant costs. The PHMSA is responsible for administering the DOT s national regulatory program to assure the safe transportation of natural gas, petroleum and other hazardous materials by pipelines. The PHMSA continues to develop regulations and other approaches to risk management to assure safety in design, construction, testing, operation, maintenance and emergency response of natural gas pipeline infrastructure. We have programs in place to comply with these regulations and systematically monitor and renew infrastructure over time; however, a significant incident or material finding of non-compliance could result in penalties and higher costs of operations. 

8 

Table of Contents 

 Our natural gas and electric transmission and distribution operations are dependent upon complex information technology systems and network infrastructure, the failure of which could disrupt our normal business operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our ability to process transactions and provide services. 
 Our utility operations are subject to long-term planning and project risks. 
 Most electric utility investments are planned to be used for decades. Transmission and generation investments typically have long lead times and are planned well in advance of in-service dates and typically subject to long-term resource plans. These plans are based on numerous assumptions such as: sales growth, customer usage, commodity prices, economic activity, costs, regulatory mechanisms, customer behavior, available technology and public policy. Our long-term resource plan is dependent on our ability to obtain required approvals, develop necessary technical expertise, allocate and coordinate sufficient resources and adhere to budgets and timelines. 
 In addition, the long-term nature of both our planning processes and our asset lives are subject to risk. The electric utility sector is undergoing significant change (e.g., increases in energy efficiency, wider adoption of distributed generation and shifts away from fossil fuel generation to renewable generation). Customer adoption of these technologies and increased energy efficiency could result in excess transmission and generation resources, downward pressure on sales growth, and potentially stranded costs if we are not able to fully recover costs and investments. 
 The magnitude and timing of resource additions and changes in customer demand may not coincide with evolving customer preference for generation resources and end-uses, which introduces further uncertainty into long-term planning. Efforts to electrify the transportation and building sectors to reduce GHG emissions may result in higher electric demand and lower natural gas demand over time. Higher electric demand may require us to adopt new technologies and make significant transmission and distribution investments including advanced grid infrastructure, which increases exposure to overall grid instability and technology obsolescence. Evolving stakeholder preference for lower emissions from generation sources and end-uses, like heating, may impact our resource mix and put pressure on our ability to recover capital investments in natural gas generation and delivery. Multiple states may not agree as to the appropriate resource mix, which may lead to costs to comply with one jurisdiction that are not recoverable across all jurisdictions served by the same assets. 
 We require inputs such as coal, natural gas and water to cool our facilities. Lack of availability of these resources could jeopardize long-term operations of our facilities or make them uneconomic to operate. 
 Our utility operations are highly dependent on suppliers to deliver components in accordance with short and long-term project schedules. 
 Our products contain components that are globally sourced from suppliers who, in turn, source components from their suppliers. A shortage of key components in which an alternative supplier is not identified could significantly impact operations and project plans for PSCo and our customers. Such impacts could include timing of projects, including potential for project cancellation. Failure to adhere to project budgets and timelines adversely impacts our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. 

We are subject to commodity risks and other risks associated with energy markets and energy production. 
 A significant increase in fuel costs could cause a decline in customer demand, adverse regulatory outcomes and an increase in bad debt expense which may have a material impact on our results of operations. Despite existing fuel cost recovery mechanisms, higher fuel costs could significantly impact our results of operations if costs are not recovered. Delays in the timing of the collection of fuel cost recoveries could impact our cash flows and liquidity. 
 A significant disruption in supply could cause us to seek alternative supply services at potentially higher costs. Additionally, supply shortages may not be fully resolved, which negatively impacts our ability to provide services to our customers. Failure to provide service due to disruptions may also result in fines, penalties or cost disallowances through the regulatory process. Also, significantly higher energy or fuel costs relative to sales commitments negatively impacts our cash flows and results of operations. 
 We also engage in wholesale sales and purchases of electric capacity, energy and energy-related products as well as natural gas. In many markets, emission allowances and/or RECs are also needed to comply with various statutes and commission rulings. As a result, we are subject to market supply and commodity price risk. 
 Commodity price changes can affect the value of our commodity trading derivatives. We mark certain derivatives to estimated fair market value on a daily basis. Settlements can vary significantly from estimated fair values recorded and significant changes from the assumptions underlying our fair value estimates could cause earnings variability. The management of risks associated with hedging and trading is based, in part, on programs and procedures which utilize historical prices and trends. 
 Public perception often does not distinguish between pass through commodity costs and base rates. High commodity prices that are being passed through to customer bills could impact our ability to recover costs for other improvements and operations. 
 Due to the uncertainty involved in price movements and potential deviation from historical pricing, PSCo is unable to fully assure that its risk management programs and procedures would be effective to protect against all significant adverse market deviations. In addition, PSCo cannot fully assure that its controls will be effective against all potential risks. If such programs and procedures are not effective, PSCo s results of operations, financial condition or cash flows could be materially impacted. 
 Failure to attract and retain a qualified workforce could have an adverse effect on operations. 
 The competition for talent has become increasingly prevalent, and we have experienced increased employee turnover due to the condition of the labor market. In addition, specialized knowledge and skills are required for many of our positions, which may pose additional difficulty for us as we work to recruit, retain and motivate employees in this climate. Failure to hire and adequately train replacement employees, including the transfer of significant knowledge and expertise to new employees or future availability and cost of contract labor may adversely affect the ability to manage and operate our business. Inability to attract and retain these employees adversely impacts our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. 

9 

Table of Contents 

 Our operations use third-party contractors in addition to employees to perform periodic and ongoing work. 
 We rely on third-party contractors to perform operations, maintenance and construction work. Our contractual arrangements with these contractors typically include performance and safety standards, progress payments, insurance requirements and security for performance. Poor vendor performance or contractor unavailability could impact ongoing operations, restoration operations, regulatory recovery, our reputation and could introduce financial risk or risks of fines. 
 Our employees, directors, third-party contractors, or suppliers may violate or be perceived to violate our Codes of Conduct, which could have an adverse effect on our reputation. 
 We are exposed to risk of employee or third-party contractor fraud or misconduct. All employees and members of the Board of Directors are subject to comply with our Code of Conduct and are required to participate in annual training. Additionally, suppliers are subject to comply with our Supplier Code of Conduct. PSCo does not tolerate discrimination, violations of our Code of Conduct or other unacceptable behaviors. However, it is not always possible to identify and deter misconduct by employees and other third-parties, which may result in governmental investigations, other actions or lawsuits. If such actions are taken against us we may suffer loss of reputation and such actions could have a material effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 We are a wholly owned subsidiary of Xcel Energy Inc. Xcel Energy Inc. can exercise substantial control over our dividend policy and business and operations and may exercise that control in a manner that may be perceived to be adverse to our interests. 
 All of the members of our Board of Directors, as well as many of our executive officers, are officers of Xcel Energy Inc. Our Board of Directors makes determinations with respect to a number of significant corporate events, including the payment of our dividends. 
 We have historically paid quarterly dividends to Xcel Energy Inc. If Xcel Energy Inc. s cash requirements increase, our Board of Directors could decide to increase the dividends we pay to Xcel Energy Inc. to help support Xcel Energy Inc. s cash needs. This could adversely affect our liquidity. The most restrictive dividend limitation for PSCo is imposed by its credit facility, which limits the debt-to-total capitalization ratio. 
 See Note 5 to the consolidated financial statements for further information. 
 Financial Risks 
 Our profitability depends on our ability to recover costs and changes in regulation may impair our ability to recover costs from our customers. 
 We are subject to comprehensive regulation by federal and state utility regulatory agencies, including siting and construction of facilities, customer service and the rates that we can charge customers. 
 The profitability of our operations is dependent on our ability to recover the costs of providing energy and utility services and earn a return on capital investment. Our rates are generally regulated and are based on an analysis of our costs incurred in a test year. We are subject to both future and historical test years depending upon the regulatory jurisdiction. Thus, the rates we are allowed to charge may or may not match our costs at any given time. Rate regulation is premised on providing an opportunity to earn a reasonable rate of return on invested capital. 

There can also be no assurance that our regulatory commissions will judge all our costs to be prudent, which could result in disallowances, or that the regulatory process will always result in rates that will produce full recovery. 
 Overall, management believes prudently incurred costs are recoverable given the existing regulatory framework. However, there may be changes in the regulatory environment that could impair our ability to recover costs historically collected from customers, or we could exceed caps on capital costs required by commissions and result in less than full recovery. 
 Changes in the long-term cost-effectiveness or to the operating conditions of our assets may result in early retirements of utility facilities. While regulation typically provides cost recovery relief for these types of changes, there is no assurance that regulators would allow full recovery of all remaining costs. 
 Higher than expected inflation or tariffs may increase costs of construction and operations. Also, rising fuel costs could increase the risk that we will not be able to fully recover our fuel costs from our customers. 
 Adverse regulatory rulings (including changes in recovery mechanisms) or the imposition of additional regulations could have an adverse impact on our results of operations and materially affect our ability to meet our financial obligations, including debt payments and the payment of dividends on common stock. 
 Any reductions in our credit ratings could increase our financing costs and the cost of maintaining certain contractual relationships. 
 We cannot be assured that our current credit ratings will remain in effect, or that a rating will not be lowered or withdrawn by a rating agency. Significant events including disallowance of costs, use of historic test years, elimination of riders or interim rates, increasing depreciation lives, lower returns on equity, changes to equity ratios and impacts of tax policy may impact our cash flows and credit metrics, potentially resulting in a change in our credit ratings. In addition, our credit ratings may change as a result of the differing methodologies or change in the methodologies used by the various rating agencies. 
 Any credit ratings downgrade could lead to higher borrowing costs or lower proceeds from equity issuances. It could also impact our ability to access capital markets. Also, we may enter into contracts that require posting of collateral or settlement if credit ratings fall below investment grade. 
 We are subject to capital market and interest rate risks. 
 Utility operations require significant capital investment. As a result, we frequently need to access capital markets. Any disruption in capital markets could have a material impact on our ability to fund our operations. Capital market disruption and financial market distress could prevent us from issuing commercial paper, issuing new securities or cause us to issue securities with unfavorable terms and conditions, such as higher interest rates or lower proceeds from equity issuances. Higher interest rates on short-term borrowings with variable interest rates could also have an adverse effect on our operating results. 
 We are subject to credit risks. 
 Credit risk includes the risk that our customers will not pay their bills, which may lead to a reduction in our liquidity and an increase in bad debt expense. Credit risk is comprised of numerous factors including the price of products and services provided, the economy and unemployment rates. 

10 

Table of Contents 

 Credit risk also includes the risk that counterparties that owe us money or product will become insolvent and may breach their obligations. Should the counterparties fail to perform, we may be forced to enter into alternative arrangements. In that event, our financial results could be adversely affected and incur losses. 
 We may have direct credit exposure in our short-term wholesale and commodity trading activity to financial institutions trading for their own accounts or issuing collateral support on behalf of other counterparties. We may also have some indirect credit exposure due to participation in organized markets, (e.g., Midcontinent Independent System Operator, Inc., Electric Reliability Council of Texas and California ISO), in which any credit losses are socialized to all market participants. 
 We have additional indirect credit exposure to financial institutions from letters of credit provided as security by power suppliers under various purchased power contracts. If any of the credit ratings of the letter of credit issuers were to drop below investment grade, the supplier would need to replace that security with an acceptable substitute. If the security were not replaced, the party could be in default under the contract. 
 As we are a subsidiary of Xcel Energy Inc., we may be negatively affected by events impacting the credit or liquidity of Xcel Energy Inc. and its affiliates. 
 If either S P or Moody s were to downgrade Xcel Energy Inc. s debt securities below investment grade, it would increase Xcel Energy Inc. s cost of capital and restrict its access to the capital markets. This could limit Xcel Energy Inc. s ability to contribute equity or make loans to us or may cause Xcel Energy Inc. to seek additional or accelerated funding from us in the form of dividends. If such event were to occur, we may need to seek alternative sources of funds to meet our cash needs. 
 As of Dec. 31, 2022, Xcel Energy Inc. and its utility subsidiaries had approximately 22.8 billion of long-term debt and 2.0 billion of short-term debt and current maturities. Xcel Energy Inc. provides various guarantees and bond indemnities supporting some of its subsidiaries by guaranteeing the payment or performance by these subsidiaries for specified agreements or transactions. 
 Xcel Energy also has other contingent liabilities resulting from various tax disputes and other matters. Xcel Energy Inc. s exposure under the guarantees is based upon the net liability of the relevant subsidiary under the specified agreements or transactions. The majority of Xcel Energy Inc. s guarantees limit its exposure to a maximum amount that is stated in the guarantees. 
 As of Dec. 31, 2022, Xcel Energy had the following guarantees outstanding: 
 1 million maximum stated amount and immaterial exposure. 
 61 million for performance and payment of surety bonds for the benefit of itself and its subsidiaries, with total exposure that cannot be estimated at this time. 
 98 million for performance and payment of a capital services contract for solar generating equipment, with immaterial exposure. 
 If Xcel Energy Inc. were to become obligated to make payments under these guarantees and bond indemnities or become obligated to fund other contingent liabilities, it could limit Xcel Energy Inc. s ability to contribute equity or make loans to us, or may cause Xcel Energy Inc. to seek additional or accelerated funding from us in the form of dividends. If such event were to occur, we may need to seek alternative sources of funds to meet our cash needs. 

Increasing costs of our defined benefit retirement plans and employee benefits may adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. 
 We have defined benefit pension and postretirement plans that cover most of our employees. Assumptions related to future costs, return on investments, interest rates and other actuarial assumptions have a significant impact on our funding requirements of these plans. Estimates and assumptions may change. In addition, the Pension Protection Act sets the minimum funding requirements for defined benefit pension plans. Therefore, our funding requirements and contributions may change in the future. Also, the payout of a significant percentage of pension plan liabilities in a single year due to high numbers of retirements or employees leaving PSCo would trigger settlement accounting and could require PSCo to recognize incremental pension expense related to unrecognized plan losses in the year liabilities are paid. Changes in industry standards utilized in key assumptions (e.g., mortality tables) could have a significant impact on future obligations and benefit costs. 
 Increasing costs associated with health care plans may adversely affect our results of operations. 
 Increasing levels of large individual health care claims and overall health care claims could have an adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. Health care legislation could also significantly impact our benefit programs and costs. 
 Federal tax law may significantly impact our business. 
 PSCo collects estimated federal, state and local tax payments through their regulated rates. Changes to federal tax law may benefit or adversely affect our earnings and customer costs. Tax depreciable lives and the value/availability of various tax credits or the timeliness of their utilization may impact the economics or selection of resources. If tax rates are increased, there could be timing delays before regulated rates provide for recovery of such tax increases in revenues. In addition, certain IRS tax policies such as tax normalization may impact our ability to economically deliver certain types of resources relative to market prices. 
 Macroeconomic Risks 
 Economic conditions impact our business. 
 Our operations are affected by economic conditions, which correlates to customers/sales growth (decline). Economic conditions may be impacted by recessionary factors, rising interest rates and insufficient financial sector liquidity leading to potential increased unemployment, which may impact customers ability to pay their bills which could lead to additional bad debt expense. 
 PSCo faces competitive factors, which could have an adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Further, worldwide economic activity impacts the demand for basic commodities necessary for utility infrastructure, which may inhibit our ability to acquire sufficient supplies. We operate in a capital intensive industry and federal trade policy could significantly impact the cost of materials we use. There may be delays before these additional material costs can be recovered in rates. 

11 

Table of Contents 

 We face risks related to health epidemics and other outbreaks, which may have a material effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Health epidemics continue to impact countries, communities, supply chains and markets. Uncertainty continues to exist regarding epidemics; the duration and magnitude of business restrictions including shutdowns (domestically and globally); the potential impact on the workforce including shortages of employees and third-party contractors due to quarantine policies, vaccination requirements or government restrictions; impacts on the transportation of goods, and the generalized impact on the economy. 
 We cannot ultimately predict whether an epidemic will have a material impact on our future liquidity, financial condition or results of operations. Nor can we predict the impact on the health of our employees, our supply chain or our ability to recover higher costs associated with managing an outbreak. 
 Operations could be impacted by war, terrorism or other events. 
 Our generation plants, fuel storage facilities, transmission and distribution facilities and information and control systems may be targets of terrorist activities. Any disruption could impact operations or result in a decrease in revenues and additional costs to repair and insure our assets. These disruptions could have a material impact on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. The potential for terrorism has subjected our operations to increased risks and could have a material effect on our business. We have incurred increased costs for security and capital expenditures in response to these risks. The insurance industry has also been affected by these events and the availability of insurance may decrease. In addition, insurance may have higher deductibles, higher premiums and more restrictive policy terms. 
 A disruption of the regional electric transmission grid, interstate natural gas pipeline infrastructure or other fuel sources, could negatively impact our business, brand and reputation. Because our facilities are part of an interconnected system, we face the risk of possible loss of business due to a disruption caused by the actions of a neighboring utility. 
 We also face the risks of possible loss of business due to significant events such as severe storms, temperature extremes, wildfires, widespread pandemic, generator or transmission facility outage, pipeline rupture, railroad disruption, operator error, sudden and significant increase or decrease in wind generation or a workforce disruption. 
 In addition, major catastrophic events throughout the world may disrupt our business. While we have business continuity plans in place, our ability to recover may be prolonged due to the type and extent of the event. PSCo participates in a global supply chain, which includes materials and components that are globally sourced. A prolonged disruption could result in the delay of equipment and materials that may impact our ability to connect, restore and reliably serve our customers. 
 A major disruption could result in a significant decrease in revenues, additional costs to repair assets, and an adverse impact on the cost and availability of insurance, which could have a material impact on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. 

A cyber incident or security breach could have a material effect on our business. 
 We operate in an industry that requires the continued operation of sophisticated information technology, control systems and network infrastructure. In addition, we use our systems and infrastructure to create, collect, use, disclose, store, dispose of and otherwise process sensitive information, including Company data, customer energy usage data, and personal information regarding customers, employees and their dependents, contractors and other individuals. 
 Our generation, transmission, distribution and fuel storage facilities, information technology systems and other infrastructure or physical assets, as well as information processed in our systems (e.g., information regarding our customers, employees, operations, infrastructure and assets) could be affected by cyber security incidents, including those caused by human error. 
 The utility industry has been the target of several attacks on operational systems and has seen an increased volume and sophistication of cyber security incidents from international activist organizations, other countries and individuals. We expect to continue to experience attempts to compromise our information technology and control systems, network infrastructure and other assets. To date, no cybersecurity incident or attack has had a material impact on our business or results of operations. 
 Cyber security incidents could harm our businesses by limiting our generating, transmitting and distributing capabilities, delaying our development and construction of new facilities or capital improvement projects to existing facilities, disrupting our customer operations or causing the release of customer information, all of which would likely receive state and federal regulatory scrutiny and could expose us to liability. 
 Our generation, transmission systems and natural gas pipelines are part of an interconnected system. Therefore, a disruption caused by the impact of a cyber security incident on the regional electric transmission grid, natural gas pipeline infrastructure or other fuel sources of our third-party service providers operations, could also negatively impact our business. 
 Our supply chain for procurement of digital equipment and services may expose software or hardware to these risks and could result in a breach or significant costs of remediation. We are unable to quantify the potential impact of cyber security threats or subsequent related actions. Cyber security incidents and regulatory action could result in a material decrease in revenues and may cause significant additional costs (e.g., penalties, third-party claims, repairs, insurance or compliance) and potentially disrupt our supply and markets for natural gas, oil and other fuels. 
 We maintain security measures to protect our information technology and control systems, network infrastructure and other assets. However, these assets and the information they process may be vulnerable to cyber security incidents, including asset failure or unauthorized access to assets or information. A failure or breach of our technology systems or those of our third-party service providers could disrupt critical business functions and may negatively impact our business, our brand, and our reputation. The cyber security threat is dynamic and evolves continually, and our efforts to prioritize network protection may not be effective given the constant changes to threat vulnerability. 
 While the Company maintains insurance relating to cybersecurity events, such insurance is subject to a number of exclusions and may be insufficient to offset any losses, costs or damages experienced. Also, the market for cybersecurity insurance is relatively new and coverage available for cybersecurity events is evolving as the industry matures. 

12 

Table of Contents 

 Our operating results may fluctuate on a seasonal and quarterly basis and can be adversely affected by milder weather. 
 Our electric and natural gas utility businesses are seasonal and weather patterns can have a material impact on our operating performance. Demand for electricity is often greater in the summer and winter months associated with cooling and heating. Because natural gas is heavily used for residential and commercial heating, the demand depends heavily upon weather patterns. A significant amount of natural gas revenues are recognized in the first and fourth quarters related to the heating season. Accordingly, our operations have historically generated less revenues and income when weather conditions are milder in the winter and cooler in the summer. Unusually mild winters and summers could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
 Public Policy Risks 
 Increased risks of regulatory penalties could negatively impact our business. 
 The Energy Act increased civil penalty authority for violation of FERC statutes, rules and orders. FERC can impose penalties of up to 1.5 million per violation per day, particularly as it relates to energy trading activities for both electricity and natural gas. In addition, NERC electric reliability standards and critical infrastructure protection requirements are mandatory and subject to potential financial penalties. Also, the PHMSA, Occupational Safety and Health Administration and other federal agencies have the authority to assess penalties. 
 In the event of serious incidents, these agencies may pursue penalties. In addition, certain states have the authority to impose substantial penalties. If a serious reliability, cyber or safety incident did occur, it could have a material effect on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. 
 The continued use of natural gas for both power generation and gas distribution have increasingly become a public policy advocacy target. These efforts may result in a limitation of natural gas as an energy source for both power generation and heating, which could impact our ability to reliably and affordably serve our customers. 
 In recent years, there have been various local and state agency proposals within and outside our service territories that would attempt to restrict the use and availability of natural gas. If such policies were to prevail, we may be forced to make new resource investment decisions which could potentially result in stranded costs if we are not able to fully recover costs and investments and impact the overall reliability of our service. 
 Environmental Policy Risks 
 We may be subject to legislative and regulatory responses to climate change, with which compliance could be difficult and costly. 
 Legislative and regulatory responses related to climate change may create financial risk as our facilities may be subject to additional regulation at either the state or federal level in the future. International agreements could additionally lead to future federal or state regulations. 
 In 2015, the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change reached consensus among 190 nations on an agreement (the Paris Agreement) that establishes a framework for GHG mitigation actions by all countries, with a goal of holding the increase in global average temperature to below 2 Celsius above pre-industrial levels and an aspiration to limit the increase to 1.5 Celsius. 

International commitments and agreements could result in future additional GHG reductions in the United States. In addition, in 2023 the EPA intends to publish draft regulations for GHG emissions from the power sector consistent with the agency s Clean Air Act authorities. 
 Many states and localities continue to pursue their own climate policies. The steps Xcel Energy has taken to date to reduce GHG emissions, including energy efficiency measures, adding renewable generation and retiring or converting coal plants to natural gas, occurred under state-endorsed resource plans, renewable energy standards and other state policies. 
 We may be subject to climate change lawsuits. An adverse outcome could require substantial capital expenditures and possibly require payment of substantial penalties or damages. Defense costs associated with such litigation can also be significant and could affect results of operations, financial condition or cash flows if such costs are not recovered through regulated rates. 
 If our regulators do not allow us to recover all or a part of the cost of capital investment or the O M costs incurred to comply with the mandates, it could have a material effect on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. 
 We are subject to environmental laws and regulations, with which compliance could be difficult and costly. 
 We are subject to environmental laws and regulations that affect many aspects of our operations, including air emissions, water quality, wastewater discharges and the generation, transport and disposal of solid wastes and hazardous substances. Laws and regulations require us to obtain permits, licenses, and approvals and to comply with a variety of environmental requirements. 
 Environmental laws and regulations can also require us to restrict or limit the output of facilities or the use of certain fuels, shift generation to lower-emitting facilities, install pollution control equipment, clean up spills and other contamination and correct environmental hazards. Failure to meet requirements of environmental mandates may result in fines or penalties. We may be required to pay all or a portion of the cost to remediate sites where our past activities, or the activities of other parties, caused environmental contamination. 
 Changes in environmental policies and regulations or regulatory decisions may result in early retirements of our generation facilities. While regulation typically provides relief for these types of changes, there is no assurance that regulators would allow full recovery of all remaining costs. 
 We are subject to mandates to provide customers with clean energy, renewable energy and energy conservation offerings. It could have a material effect on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows if our regulators do not allow us to recover the cost of capital investment or O M costs incurred to comply with the requirements. 
 In addition, existing environmental laws or regulations may be revised, and new laws or regulations may be adopted. We may also incur additional unanticipated obligations or liabilities under existing environmental laws and regulations. 
 We are subject to physical and financial risks associated with climate change and other weather, natural disaster and resource depletion impacts. 
 Climate change can create physical and financial risk. Physical risks include changes in weather conditions and extreme weather events. 

13 

Table of Contents 

 Our customers energy needs vary with weather. To the extent weather conditions are affected by climate change, customers energy use could increase or decrease. Increased energy use due to weather changes may require us to invest in generating assets, transmission and infrastructure. Decreased energy use due to weather changes may result in decreased revenues. 
 Climate change may impact the economy, which could impact our sales and revenues. The price of energy has an impact on the economic health of our communities. The cost of additional regulatory requirements, such as regulation of GHG, could impact the availability of goods and prices charged by our suppliers which would normally be borne by consumers through higher prices for energy and purchased goods. To the extent financial markets view climate change and emissions of GHGs as a financial risk, this could negatively affect our ability to access capital markets or cause us to receive less than ideal terms and conditions. 
 We establish strategies and expectations related to climate change and other environmental matters. Our ability to achieve any such strategies or expectations is subject to numerous factors and conditions, many of which are outside of our control. Examples of such factors include, but are not limited to, evolving legal, regulatory, and other standards, processes, and assumptions, the pace of scientific and technological developments, increased costs, the availability of requisite financing, and changes in carbon markets. Failures or delays (whether actual or perceived) in achieving our strategies or expectations related to climate change and other environmental matters could adversely affect our business, operations, and reputation, and increase risk of litigation. 
 Severe weather impacts our service territories, primarily when thunderstorms, flooding, tornadoes, wildfires and snow or ice storms or extreme temperatures (high heating/cooling days) occur. Extreme weather conditions in general require system backup and can contribute to increased system stress, including service interruptions. Extreme weather conditions creating high energy demand may raise electricity prices, increasing the cost of energy we provide to our customers. 
 To the extent the frequency of extreme weather events increases, this could increase our cost of providing service and result in more frequent service interruptions. Periods of extreme temperatures could also impact our ability to meet demand. 
 More frequent and severe drought conditions, extreme swings in amount and timing of precipitation, changes in vegetation, unseasonably warm temperatures, very low humidity, stronger winds and other factors have increased the duration of the wildfire season and the potential impact of an event. Also, the expansion of the wildland urban interface increases the wildfire risk to surrounding communities and PSCo's electric and natural gas infrastructure. 
 Other potential risks associated with wildfires include the inability to secure sufficient insurance coverage, or increased costs of insurance, regulatory recovery risk, and the potential for a credit downgrade and subsequent additional costs to access capital markets. 
 While we carry liability insurance, given an extreme event, if PSCo was found to be liable for wildfire damages, amounts that potentially exceed our coverage could negatively impact our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. Drought or water depletion could adversely impact our ability to provide electricity to customers, cause early retirement of power plants and increase the cost for energy. Adverse events may result in increased insurance costs and/or decreased insurance availability. We may not recover all costs related to mitigating these physical and financial risks. 

ITEM 1B UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 2 PROPERTIES 
 
 Virtually all of the utility plant property of PSCo is subject to the lien of its first mortgage bond indenture. 
 Station, Location and Unit at Dec. 31, 2022 Fuel Installed MW (a) 
 Steam: Comanche-Pueblo, CO Unit 2 Coal 1975 335 Unit 3 Coal 2010 500 (b) 
 Craig-Craig, CO, 2 Units Coal 1979 - 1980 82 (c) 
 Hayden-Hayden, CO, 2 Units Coal 1965 - 1976 233 (d) 
 Pawnee-Brush, CO, 1 Unit Coal 1981 505 Cherokee-Denver, CO, 1 Unit Natural Gas 1968 310 Combustion Turbine: Blue Spruce-Aurora, CO, 2 Units Natural Gas 2003 264 Cherokee-Denver, CO, 3 Units Natural Gas 2015 576 Fort St. Vrain-Platteville, CO, 6 Units Natural Gas 1972 - 2009 973 Manchief, CO, 2 Units (f) 
 Natural Gas 2000 250 Rocky Mountain-Keenesburg, CO, 3 Units Natural Gas 2004 580 Various locations, 8 Units Natural Gas Various 251 Hydro: Cabin Creek-Georgetown, CO Pumped Storage, 2 Units Hydro 1967 210 Various locations, 6 Units Hydro Various 23 Wind: Rush Creek, CO, 300 units Wind 2018 582 (e) 
 Cheyenne Ridge, CO, 229 units Wind 2020 477 (e) 
 Total 6,151 
 (a) Summ er 2022 net dependable capacity. 
 (b) Based on PSCo s ownership of 67 . 
 (c) Based on PSCo s ownership of 10 . 
 (d) Based on PSCo s ownership of 76 of Unit 1 and 37 of Unit 2. 
 (e) Values disclosed are the generation levels at the point-of-interconnection. Capacity is attainable only when wind conditions are sufficiently available. 
 (f) Purchased in 2022. 
 Electric utility overhead and underground transmission and distribution lines (measured in conductor miles) at Dec. 31, 2022: 
 Conductor Miles Transmission 345 KV 5,418 230 KV 12,141 138 KV 92 115 KV 5,011 Less than 115 KV 1,839 Total Transmission 24,501 Distribution Less than 115 KV 79,331 Total 103,832 
 PS Co had 238 electr ic uti lity transmission and distribution substations at Dec. 31, 2022. 

14 

Table of Contents 

 Natural gas utility mains at Dec. 31, 2022: 
 Miles Transmission 2,067 Distribution 23,542 
 
 ITEM 3 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 PSCo is involved in various litigation matters in the ordinary course of business. The assessment of whether a loss is probable or is a reasonable possibility, and whether the loss or a range of loss is estimable, often involves a series of complex judgments about future events. Management maintains accruals for losses probable of being incurred and subject to reasonable estimation. 
 Management is sometimes unable to estimate an amount or range of a reasonably possible loss in certain situations, including but not limited to, when (1) the damages sought are indeterminate, (2) the proceedings are in the early stages, or (3) the matters involve novel or unsettled legal theories. In such cases, there is considerable uncertainty regarding the timing or ultimate resolution of such matters, including a possible eventual loss. 
 For current proceedings not specifically reported herein, management does not anticipate that the ultimate liabilities, if any, would have a material effect on PSCo s consolidated financial statements. Legal fees are generally expensed as incurred. 
 See Note 10 to the consolidated financial statements, Item 1 and Item 7 for further information. 
 
 ITEM 4 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 None. 
 
 PART II 
 
 ITEM 5 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 PSCo is a wholly owned subsidiary of Xcel Energy Inc. and there is no market for its common equity securities. 
 See Note 5 to the consolidated financial statements for further information. 
 The dividends declared during 2022 and 2021 were as follows: 
 (Millions of Dollars) 2022 2021 First quarter 129 115 Second quarter 132 120 Third quarter 127 127 Fourth quarter 119 104 
 
 ITEM 6 [RESERVED] 

ITEM 7 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 Discussion of financial condition and liquidity for PSCo is omitted per conditions set forth in general instructions I(1)(a) and (b) of Form 10-K for wholly owned subsidiaries. It is replaced with management s narrative analysis and the results of operations for the current year as set forth in general instructions I(2)(a) of Form 10-K for wholly owned subsidiaries (reduced disclosure format). 

Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 The following discussion includes financial information prepared in accordance with GAAP, as well as certain non-GAAP financial measures such as ongoing earnings. Generally, a non-GAAP financial measure is a measure of a company s financial performance, financial position or cash flows that are adjusted from measures calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP. 
 PSCo s management uses non-GAAP measures for financial planning and analysis, for reporting of results to the Board of Directors, in determining performance-based compensation and communicating its earnings outlook to analysts and investors. Non-GAAP financial measures are intended to supplement investors understanding of our performance and should not be considered alternatives for financial measures presented in accordance with GAAP. These measures are discussed in more detail below and may not be comparable to other companies similarly titled non-GAAP financial measures. 
 Earnings Adjusted for Certain Items (Ongoing Earnings) 
 Ongoing earnings reflect adjustments to GAAP earnings (net income) for certain items. 
 We use these non-GAAP financial measures to evaluate and provide details of PSCo s core earnings and underlying performance. We believe these measurements are useful to investors to evaluate the actual and projected financial performance and contribution of PSCo. For the years ended Dec. 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no such adjustments to GAAP earnings and therefore GAAP earnings equal ongoing earnings. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 2022 Comparison to 2021 
 PSCo s net income wa s 727 million for 2022, compared with 660 million for 2021, driven by regulatory outcomes and favorable weather. Higher revenues were partially offset by higher depreciation, O M expenses and interest charges. 
 Electric Margin 
 Electric margin is presented as electric revenues less electric fuel and purchased power expenses. Expenses incurred for electric fuel and purchased power are generally recovered through various regulatory recovery mechanisms. As a result, changes in these expenses are generally offset in operating revenues. 
 Electric revenues and fuel and purchased power expenses are impacted by fluctuations in the price of natural gas and coal. However, these fluctuations have minimal impact on margin due to fuel recovery mechanisms. In addition, electric customers receive a credit for PTCs generated, which reduce electric revenue and margin (offset by lower tax expense). 
 Electric Revenues, Fuel and Purchased Power and Electric Margin 
 (Millions of Dollars) 2022 2021 Electric revenues 3,795 3,413 Electric fuel and purchased power (1,485) (1,336) Electric margin 2,310 2,077 

15 

Table of Contents 

 Changes in Electric Margin 
 (Millions of Dollars) 2022 vs. 2021 Regulatory rate outcome 150 Sales and demand a) 
 35 Non-fuel riders 23 Wholesale transmission revenue (net) 7 Other (net) 18 Total increase 233 
 (a) Sales excludes weather impact, net of decoupling. 
 Natural Gas Margin 
 Natural gas margin is presented as natural gas revenues less the cost of natural gas sold and transported. Expenses incurred for the cost of natural gas sold are generally recovered through various regulatory recovery mechanisms. As a result, changes in these expenses are generally offset in operating revenues. 
 Natural gas expense varies with changing sales and the cost of natural gas. However, fluctuations in the cost of natural gas generally have minimal earnings impact due to cost recovery mechanisms. 
 Natural Gas Revenues, Cost of Natural Gas Sold and Transported and Natural Gas Margin 
 (Millions of Dollars) 2022 2021 Natural gas revenues 1,860 1,355 Cost of natural gas sold and transported (1,053) (606) Natural gas margin 807 749 
 Changes in Natural Gas Margin 
 (Millions of Dollars) 2022 vs. 2021 Estimated impact of weather 29 Regulatory rate outcomes 23 Infrastructure and integrity riders 5 Winter Storm Uri disallowances (4) Other (net) 5 Total increase 58 
 Non-Fuel Operating Expenses and Other Items 
 O M Expenses O M expenses increased 74 million year-to-date. The increase was primarily due to inflation and impacts of supply chain constraints; operational activities (vegetation management and repairs/maintenance); costs for technology and customer programs; bad debt; and other. 
 Depreciation and Amortization Depreciation and amortization increased 104 million, year-to-date. The increase was primarily due to capital investment and new electric and natural gas depreciation rates. 
 Interest Charges Interest expenses increased 28 million year-to-date. The increase was primarily due to higher long-term debt levels to fund capital investments and higher interest rates. 

Public Utility Regulation 
 The FERC and state and local regulatory commissions regulate PSCo. PSCo is subject to rate regulation by state utility regulatory agencies, which have jurisdiction with respect to the rates of electric and natural gas distribution companies in Colorado. 
 Rates are designed to recover plant investment, operating costs and an allowed return on investment. PSCo requests changes in utility rates through commission filings. Changes in operating costs can affect PSCo s financial results, depending on the timing of rate cases and implementation of final rates. Other factors affecting rate filings are new investments, sales, conservation and DSM efforts, and the cost of capital. 
 In addition, the regulatory commissions authorize the ROE, capital structure and depreciation rates in rate proceedings. Decisions by these regulators can significantly impact PSCo s results of operations and credit quality. 
 See Rate Matters within Note 10 to the consolidated financial statements for further information. 
 Summary of Regulatory Agencies / RTO and Areas of Jurisdiction Regulatory Body / RTO Additional Information on Regulatory Authority CPUC Retail rates, accounts, services, issuance of securities and other aspects of electric, natural gas and steam operations. 
 Reviews and approves Integrated Resource Plans for meeting future energy needs. 
 Certifies the need and siting for generating plans greater than 50 MW. 
 Pipeline safety compliance. 
 FERC Wholesale electric operations, accounting practices, hydroelectric licensing, wholesale sales for resale, transmission of electricity in interstate commerce, compliance with the NERC electric reliability standards, asset transactions and mergers and natural gas transactions in interstate commerce. 
 Wholesale electric sales at cost-based prices to customers inside PSCo s balancing authority area and at market-based prices to customers outside PSCo s balancing authority area. 
 PSCo holds a FERC certificate that allows it to transport natural gas in interstate commerce without PSCo becoming subject to full FERC jurisdiction. 
 RTO PSCo is not presently a member of an RTO and does not operate within an RTO energy market. However, PSCo does make certain sales to other RTO s, including SPP and participates in a joint dispatch agreement with neighboring utilities. 
 DOT Pipeline safety compliance. 

16 

Table of Contents 

 Recovery Mechanisms Mechanism Additional Information ECA Recovers fuel and purchased energy costs. Short-term sales margins are shared with customers. The ECA is revised quarterly. 
 Purchased Capacity Cost Adjustment Recovers purchased capacity payments. 
 Steam Cost Adjustment Recovers fuel costs to operate the steam system. The Steam Cost Adjustment rate is revised quarterly. 
 DSM Cost Adjustment Recovers electric and gas DSM, interruptible service costs and performance initiatives for achieving energy savings goals. 
 RES Adjustment Recovers the incremental costs of compliance with the RES with a maximum of 1 of the customer s bill. 
 Colorado Energy Plan Adjustment Recovers the early retirement costs of Comanche units 1 and 2 to a maximum of 1 of the customer s bill. Wind Cost Adjustment Recovers costs for customers who choose renewable resources. 
 Transmission Cost Adjustment Recovers costs for transmission investment between rate cases. 
 Fuel Clause Adjustment PSCo recovers fuel and purchased energy costs from wholesale electric customers through a fuel cost adjustment clause approved by the FERC. Wholesale customers pay production costs through a forecasted formula rate subject to true-up. 
 GCA Recovers costs of purchased natural gas and transportation and is revised quarterly to allow for changes in natural gas rates. 
 Pipeline system integrity adjustment Recovers costs for transmission and distribution pipeline integrity management programs (rider ended on Dec. 31, 2022). 
 Decoupling Mechanism to true-up revenue to a baseline amount for residential (excluding lighting and demand) and metered non-demand small C I classes. Transportation Electrification Plan Recovers costs associated with the investment in and adoption of transportation electrification infrastructure. 
 Pending and Recently Concluded Regulatory Proceedings 
 Colorado Natural Gas Rate Case In January 2022, PSCo filed a request with the CPUC seeking a net increase to retail natural gas rates of 107 million. The total change to base rates is 215 million, which reflects the transfer of 108 million previously recovered from customers through the pipeline system integrity adjustment rider. The request was based on a 10.25 ROE, an equity ratio of 55.66 and a 2022 current test year with a projected rate base of 3.6 billion. 
 PSCo s request also included step revenue increases of 40 million (effective Nov. 1, 2023) and 41 million (effective Nov. 1, 2024) related to continued capital investment. 
 In October 2022, the CPUC approved a rate increase net of rider roll-ins of 64 million. The decision reflects a stated WACC of 6.7 , a historic test year with a year-end rate base and 16 million of incremental depreciation expense. PSCo has the option to determine its ROE within a range of 9.2 to 9.5 and its equity ratio within a range of 52 to 55 , as long as it results in a WACC of 6.7 . The CPUC denied the 2023-2024 step increases. Base rates were pl aced in effect November 1, 2022. 
 Colorado Electric Rate Case In November 2022, PSCo filed an electric rate case seeking a net increase of 262 million, or 8.2 . The total request reflects a 312 million increase, which includes 50 million of authorized costs currently recovered through various rider mechanisms. The request is based on a 10.25 ROE, an equity ratio of 55.7 and a 2023 forecast test year with a 2023 year-end rate base of 11.3 billion. PSCo requested rates effective in September 2023. A procedural schedule is expected to be established by the CPUC in the first quarter of 2023. 

Colorado Resource Plan In August 2022, the CPUC approved an updated settlement, which will result in the further acceleration of the retirement of the Comanche Unit 3 coal plant, an expected carbon reduction of at least 85 and an 80 renewable mix by 2030. The CPUC deferred a decision on the method of cost recovery for the retiring coal units to a separate docket, which will consider accelerated depreciation, creation of regulatory assets and securitization. PSCo filed the recovery method docket in the fourth quarter of 2022. 
 Key settlement terms include: 
 Early retirement of Hayden: Unit 2 in 2027 (was 2036); and Unit 1 in 2028 (was 2030). 
 Conversion of the Pawnee coal plant to natural gas by no later than Jan. 1, 2026. 
 Early retirement of Comanche Unit 3 by Jan. 1, 2031 (was 2070) with reduced operations beginning in 2025. 
 Addition of ~2,400 MW of wind. 
 Addition of ~1,600 MW of universal-scale solar. 
 Addition of 400 MW of storage. 
 Addition of 1,300 MW of flexible, dispatchable generation. 
 Addition of ~1,200 MW of distributed solar resources through our renewable energy programs. 
 In December 2022 the Company commenced the request for proposal process for generation resources with a bid receipt date of March 1, 2023. After reviewing the bids received, PSCo will file a report with the CPUC with recommended resource acquisitions and a CPUC decision on the resources to be acquired is expected in October 2023. 
 Decoupling Filing PSCo has a decoupling program, effective April 1, 2020 through Dec. 31, 2023. The program applies to Residential and metered small C I customers who do not pay a demand charge. The program includes a refund and surcharge cap not to exceed 3 of forecasted base rate revenue for a specified period. 
 In October 2021, a settlement was reached on Winter Storm Uri costs and also addressed certain components of the 2020 decoupling refunds. 
 In April 2022, PSCo made its annual filing on this matter. In December 2022, the ALJ approved a settlement between PSCo, CPUC Staff and the UCA. The settlement requires PSCo to file a petition for declaratory judgment to address the treatment of any expired balance under the 3 soft cap provisions. 
 As of Dec. 31, 2022, PSCo has recognized a refund for Residential customers and a surcharge for small C I customers based on 2020, 2021 and 2022 results. 
 Transmission Cost Adjustment In December 2022, the CPUC suspended PSCo s request for 2023 TCA rate changes. The CPUC Staff protested the TCA on the grounds that only projects resulting in new transmission should be included and no repair or replacement of existing infrastructure should be included. The CPUC consolidated the matter with the pending electric rate case for assessment. 

17 

Table of Contents 

 ECA Fuel Recovery In December 2022, PSCo filed its first quarter 2023 ECA Advice Letter, which sought to recover 123 million of under-recovered 2022 fuel costs over two quarters (instead of the typical one). In December 2022, the CPUC found that the 123 million should be removed from the proposed ECA rates and required PSCo to file a separate application to recover these fuel costs. Proposed ECA rates were updated to remove the 2022 under-recovered balance and were implemented on Jan. 1, 2023. In February 2023, PSCo submitted an interim ECA filing which included 70 million of the 2022 under-recovered costs. A filing for the remaining amount is anticipated in the first quarter of 2023. 
 GCA NOPR In June 2021, the CPUC issued a NOPR addressing the recovery of costs through the GCA. The CPUC has reopened the GCA NOPR and proposed a 2-step process aimed at 1) considering near term process changes to the GCA and 2) a longer term process to evaluate potential performance incentive structures. In step 1, consensus proposed rule amendments to update the process and filing requirements for GCA and related filings have been submitted to the CPUC for consideration. PSCo worked with other utilities and stakeholders regarding consensus proposed rule amendments for step 2, including a provision that each LDC bring forward its own performance incentive mechanism in a future filing. In December 2022, the CPUC approved the consensus proposal. 
 In February 2023, the Governor of Colorado issued an open letter to the CPUC, utilities, and other stakeholders directing agencies to take additional steps to address energy costs. It is likely this request will result in the opening of additional dockets to further explore the GCA and other related mechanisms. Additionally, the Colorado Legislature announced the formation of a Joint Select Committee to investigate the source of rising utility rates and explore potential actions to prevent future price instability. 
 Natural Gas Planning NOPR In October 2021, the CPUC issued a NOPR to implement recent state legislation requiring natural gas utilities to develop clean heat plans to meet state greenhouse gas emission reduction targets, as well as updated demand-side management criteria. Additionally, the proposed rules included new comprehensive natural gas infrastructure planning requirements and related Certificate of Public Convenience and Necessity application procedures, changes in natural gas line extension policy, and details on emission accounting related to clean heat plans. PSCo recommended changes to the proposed rules, which may be incorporated into the final rules issued in the first quarter of 2023. 
 Purchased Power and Transmission Service Providers 
 PSCo expects to meet its system capacity requirements through electric generating stations, power purchases, new generation facilities, DSM options and expansion of generation plants. 
 Purchased Power PSCo purchases power from other utilities and IPPs. Long-term purchased power contracts for dispatchable resources typically require capacity and energy charges. It also contracts to purchase power for both wind and solar resources. PSCo makes short-term purchases to meet system load and energy requirements, replace owned generation, meet operating reserve obligations, or obtain energy at a lower cost. 
 Energy Markets PSCo plans to join the SPP Western Energy Imbalance Service Market in April 2023. This market is an incremental step in the participation in the organized wholesale market. Energy imbalance markets allow participants to buy and sell power close to the time electricity is consumed and gives system operators real-time visibility across neighboring grids. The result improves balancing supply and demand at a lower cost. 

Purchased Transmission Services In addition to using its own transmission system, PSCo has contracts with regional transmission service providers to deliver energy to its customers. 
 Wholesale and Commodity Marketing Operations 
 PSCo conducts various wholesale marketing operations, including the purchase and sale of electric capacity, energy, ancillary services and energy related products. PSCo uses physical and financial instruments to minimize commodity price risk and hedge sales and purchases. PSCo also engages in trading activity unrelated to these hedging activities. Sharing of any margin is determined through state regulatory proceedings as well as the operation of the FERC approved joint operating agreement. 
 
 Other 
 Supply Chain 
 PSCo s ability to meet customer energy requirements, respond to storm-related disruptions and execute our capital expenditure program are dependent on maintaining an efficient supply chain. Manufacturing processes have experienced disruptions related to scarcity of certain raw materials and interruptions in production and shipping. These disruptions have been further exacerbated by inflationary pressures, labor shortages and the impact of international conflicts/issues. PSCo continues to monitor the situation as it remains fluid and seeks to mitigate the impacts by securing alternative suppliers, modifying design standards, and adjusting the timing of work. 
 Electric Distribution and Transmission Transformers 
 The availability of certain transformers is an industry-wide issue that has been significantly impacted and in some cases may result in delays in projects and new customer connections. PSCo continues to seek alternative suppliers and prioritize work plans to mitigate impacts of supply constraints. 
 Marshall Wildfire 
 In December 2021, a wildfire ignited in Boulder County, Colorado (the Marshall Fire ), which burned over 6,000 acres and destroyed or damaged over 1,000 structures. Boulder County authorities are currently investigating the fire and have not yet determined a cause. There were no downed power lines in the ignition area, and nothing the Company has seen to this point indicates that our equipment or operations caused the fire. 
 In Colorado, the standard of review governing liability differs from the inverse condemnation or strict liability standard utilized in California. In Colorado, courts look to whether electric power companies have operated their system with a heightened duty of care consistent with the practical conduct of its business, and liability does not extend to occurrences that cannot be reasonably anticipated. In addition, PSCo has been operating under a commission approved wildfire mitigation plan and carries wildfire liability insurance. 
 In March 2022, a class action suit was filed in Boulder County pertaining to the Marshall Fire. In the remote event PSCo was found liable related to this litigation and were required to pay damages, such amounts could exceed our insurance coverage and have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. In June 2022, Plaintiffs served the class action lawsuit. In July 2022, PSCo filed a Motion to Dismiss. The District Court judge presiding over the case denied PSCo s Motion to Dismiss in December 2022. 

18 

Table of Contents 

 Inflation Reduction Act 
 In August 2022, the IRA was signed into law. 
 Key provisions impacting PSCo include: 
 Extends current PTC and ITC for renewable technologies (e.g., wind and solar). 
 Restores full value of the PTC and ITC for qualifying facilities placed in-service after 2021. 
 Creates a PTC for solar, clean hydrogen and nuclear. 
 Establishes an ITC for energy storage, microgrids, interconnection facilities, etc. 
 Allows companies to monetize or sell credits to unrelated parties. 
 PSCo anticipates the IRA will drive significant customer savings for both new and existing Company owned renewable projects, assuming appropriate regulatory mechanisms and development of a market for the sale of tax credits. The IRA is expected to allow PSCo to monetize tax credits more efficiently with the incremental benefits passed through to customers. 
 In addition, the IRA created a new corporate AMT. PSCo does not anticipate AMT having a material cash impact based on current estimates and our interpretation of AMT application. 
 Winter Storm Uri 
 In February 2021, the United States experienced Winter Storm Uri. Extreme cold temperatures impacted certain operational assets as well as the availability of renewable generation. The cold weather also affected the country s supply and demand for natural gas. These factors contributed to extremely high market prices for natural gas and electricity. As a result of the extremely high market prices, PSCo incurred net natural gas, fuel and purchased energy costs of approximately 610 million (largely deferred as regulatory assets). 
 In May 2021, PSCo filed a request with the CPUC to recover 263 million in weather-related electric costs, 287 million in incremental natural gas costs and 4 million in incremental steam costs over 24 months with no financing charge. 
 In May 2022, an ALJ recommended full recovery of all costs with no cost disallowances. In July 2022, the CPUC approved a partial settlement providing full recovery of fuel costs, with the exception of an 8 million disallowance, over 24 months for electric and 30 months for natural gas customers. 
 
 ITEM 7A QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 Derivatives, Risk Management and Market Risk 
 PSCo is exposed to a variety of market risks in the normal course of business. Market risk is the potential loss that may occur as a result of adverse changes in the market or fair value for a particular instrument or commodity. All financial and commodity-related instruments, including derivatives, are subject to market risk. 

PSCo is exposed to the impact of adverse changes in price for energy and energy-related products, which is partially mitigated by the use of commodity derivatives. In addition to ongoing monitoring and maintaining credit policies intended to minimize overall credit risk, management takes steps to mitigate changes in credit and concentration risks associated with its derivatives and other contracts, including parental guarantees and requests of collateral. While PSCo expects that the counterparties will perform on the contracts underlying its derivatives, the contracts expose PSCo to credit and non-performance risk. 
 Distress in the financial markets may impact counterparty risk and the fair value of the securities in the pension fund. 
 Commodity Price Risk We are exposed to commodity price risk in our electric and natural gas operations. Commodity price risk is managed by entering into long and short-term physical purchase and sales contracts for electric capacity, energy and energy-related products and fuels used in generation and distribution activities. 
 Commodity price risk is also managed through the use of financial derivative instruments. Our risk management policy allows us to manage commodity price risk within each rate-regulated operation per commission approved hedge plans. 
 Wholesale and Commodity Trading Risk PSCo conducts various wholesale and commodity trading activities, including the purchase and sale of electric capacity, energy, energy-related instruments and natural gas-related instruments, including derivatives. PSCo s risk management policy allows management to conduct these activities within guidelines and limitations as approved by its risk management committee. 
 Fair value of net commodity trading contracts as of Dec. 31, 2022: 
 Futures / Forwards Maturity (Millions of Dollars) Less Than 1 Year 1 to 3 Years 4 to 5 Years Greater Than 5 Years Total Fair Value PSCo (a) 
 10 3 3 16 PSCo (b) 
 (56) (15) 8 (63) (46) (12) 11 (47) 
 Options Maturity (Millions of Dollars) Less Than 1 Year 1 to 3 Years 4 to 5 Years Greater Than 5 Years Total Fair Value PSCo (b) 
 40 7 47 
 (a) Prices actively quoted or based on actively quoted prices. 
 (b) Prices based on models and other valuation methods. 
 Changes in the fair value of commodity trading contracts before the impacts of margin-sharing for the years ended Dec. 31: 
 (Millions of Dollars) 2022 2021 Fair value of commodity trading net contracts outstanding at Jan. 1 (15) (46) Contracts realized or settled during the period (8) 4 Commodity trading contract additions and changes during the period 23 27 Fair value of commodity trading net contracts outstanding at Dec.31 (15) 
 A 10 increase and 10 decrease in forward market prices for PSCo s commodity trading contracts would have likewise increased and decreased pretax income from continuing operations, by approximately 7 million at Dec. 31, 2022 and 10 million at Dec. 31, 2021. Market price movements can exceed 10 under abnormal circumstances. 

19 

Table of Contents 

 PSCo s commodity trading operations measure the outstanding risk exposure to price changes on contracts and obligations using an industry standard methodology known as VaR. VaR expresses the potential change in fair value of the outstanding contracts and obligations over a particular period of time under normal market conditions. 
 The VaRs for the NSP-Minnesota and PSCo commodity trading operations, excluding both non-derivative transactions and derivative transactions designated as normal purchases and normal sales, calculated on a consolidated basis using a Monte Carlo simulation with a 95 confidence level and a one-day holding period, were as follows: 
 (Millions of Dollars) Year Ended 
 Dec. 31 
 Average High Low 2022 2 1 5 2021 1 2 52 1 A short-term increase in VaR occurred during the week of Feb. 12, 2021 through Feb. 18, 2021. On Feb. 17, 2021, the portfolio VaR reached a high of 52 million. This increase in VaR was driven by the unprecedented market conditions during Winter Storm Uri. Prior to this weather event, VaR was 1 million and returned to 1 million by Feb. 19, 2021. 
 Interest Rate Risk PSCo is subject to interest rate risk. PSCo s risk management policy allows interest rate risk to be managed through the use of fixed rate debt, floating rate debt and interest rate derivatives. 
 A 100 basis point change in the benchmark rate on PSCo s variable rate debt would impact pretax interest expense annually by approximately 3 million and an immaterial amount in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 The value of pension and postretirement plan assets and benefit costs are impacted by changes in discount rates and expected return on plan assets. PSCo s ongoing pension and postretirement investment strategy is based on plan-specific investment recommendations that seek to optimize potential investment risk and minimize interest rate risk associated with changes in the obligations as a plan s funded status increases over time. The impacts of fluctuations in interest rates on pension and postretirement costs are mitigated by pension cost calculation methodologies and regulatory mechanisms that minimize the earnings impacts of such changes. 

Credit Risk PSCo is also exposed to credit risk. Credit risk relates to the risk of loss resulting from counterparties nonperformance on their contractual obligations. PSCo maintains credit policies intended to minimize overall credit risk and actively monitors these policies to reflect changes and scope of operations. 
 At Dec. 31, 2022, a 10 increase in commodity prices would have resulted in an increase in credit exposure of 13 million, while a decrease in prices of 10 would have resulted in a decrease in credit exposure of 6 million. At Dec. 31, 2021, a 10 increase in commodity prices would have resulted in an increase in credit exposure of 6 million, while a decrease in prices of 10 would have resulted in a decrease in credit exposure of 5 million. 
 PSCo conducts credit reviews for all wholesale, trading and non-trading commodity counterparties and employs credit risk controls, such as letters of credit, parental guarantees, master netting agreements and termination provisions. Credit exposure is monitored and, when necessary, the activity with a specific counterparty is limited until credit enhancement is provided. Distress in the financial markets could increase PSCo s credit risk. 
 Fair Value Measurements 
 Derivative contracts, with the exception of those designated as normal purchases and normal sales, are reported at fair value. PSCo s investments held in pension and other postretirement funds are also subject to fair value accounting. See Notes 8 and 9 to the consolidated financial statements for further information. 
 
 ITEM 8 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 See Item 15-1 for an index of financial statements included herein. 
 See Note 14 to the consolidated financial statements for further information. 

20 

Table of Contents 

 Management Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 The management of PSCo is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. PSCo s internal control system was designed to provide reasonable assurance to Xcel Energy Inc. s and PSCo s management and board of directors regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements. 
 All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. 
 PSCo management assessed the effectiveness of PSCo s internal control over financial reporting as of Dec. 31, 2022. In making this assessment, it used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Based on our assessment, we believe that, as of Dec. 31, 2022, PSCo s internal control over financial reporting is effective at the reasonable assurance level based on those criteria. 
 /s/ ROBERT C. FRENZEL /s/ BRIAN J. VAN ABEL Robert C. Frenzel Brian J. Van Abel Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Director Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Director Feb. 23, 2023 Feb. 23, 2023 
 21 

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the stockholder and the Board of Directors of Public Service Company of Colorado 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Public Service Company of Colorado and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, common stockholder's equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and the schedule listed in the Index at Item 15 (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Regulatory Assets and Liabilities - Impact of Rate Regulation on the Financial Statements Refer to Notes 4 and 10 to the consolidated financial statements . 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 The Company is subject to rate regulation by state utility regulatory agencies, which have jurisdiction with respect to the rates of electric and natural gas distribution companies in Colorado. The Company is also subject to the jurisdiction of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission for its wholesale electric operations, hydroelectric generation licensing, accounting practices, wholesale sales for resale, transmission of electricity in interstate commerce, compliance with North American Electric Reliability Corporation standards, asset transactions and mergers and natural gas transactions in interstate commerce, (collectively with state utility regulatory agencies, the Commissions ). Management has determined it meets the requirements under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America to prepare its financial statements applying the specialized rules to account for the effects of cost-based rate regulation. Accounting for the economics of rate regulation affects multiple financial statement line items and disclosures, including property, plant and equipment, regulatory assets and liabilities, operating revenues and expenses, and income taxes. 
 The Company is subject to regulatory rate setting processes. Rates are determined and approved in regulatory proceedings based on an analysis of the Company s costs to provide utility service and a return on, and recovery of, the Company s investment in assets required to deliver services to customers. Accounting for the Company s regulated operations provides that rate-regulated entities report assets and liabilities consistent with the recovery of those incurred costs in rates, if it is probable that such rates will be charged and collected. The Commissions regulation of rates is premised on the full recovery of incurred costs and a reasonable rate of return on invested capital. Decisions by the Commissions in the future will impact the accounting for regulated operations, including decisions about the amount of allowable costs and return on invested capital included in rates and any refunds that may be required. In the rate setting process, the Company s rates result in the recording of regulatory assets and liabilities based on the probability of future cash flows. Regulatory assets generally represent incurred or accrued costs that have been deferred because future recovery from customers is probable. Regulatory liabilities generally represent amounts that are expected to be refunded to customers in future rates or amounts collected in current rates for future costs. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 We identified the impact of rate regulation as a critical audit matter due to the significant judgments made by management to support its assertions about impacted account balances and disclosures and the high degree of subjectivity involved in assessing the impact of future regulatory orders on the financial statements. Management judgments include assessing the likelihood of (1) recovery in future rates of incurred costs, (2) a disallowance of part of the cost of recently completed plant, and 3) a refund due to customers. Given that management s accounting judgments are based on assumptions about the outcome of future decisions by the Commissions, auditing these judgments required specialized knowledge of accounting for rate regulation and the rate setting process due to its inherent complexities. 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 Our audit procedures related to the uncertainty of future decisions by the Commissions included the following, among others: 
 We tested the effectiveness of management s controls over the evaluation of the likelihood of (1) the recovery in future rates of costs deferred as regulatory assets, and (2) a refund or a future reduction in rates that should be reported as regulatory liabilities. We also tested the effectiveness of management s controls over the recognition of regulatory assets or liabilities and the monitoring and evaluation of regulatory developments that may affect the likelihood of recovering costs in future rates or of a future reduction in rates. 
 We evaluated the Company s disclosures related to the impacts of rate regulation, including the balances recorded and regulatory developments. 
 We read relevant regulatory orders issued by the Commissions for the Company, regulatory statutes, interpretations, procedural schedules and memorandums, filings made by intervenors, experts testimony and other publicly available information to assess the likelihood of recovery in future rates or of a future reduction in rates based on precedents of the Commissions treatment of similar costs under similar circumstances. We also evaluated regulatory filings for any evidence that intervenors are challenging full recovery of the cost of any capital projects. If the full recovery of project costs is being challenged by intervenors, we evaluated management s assessment of the probability of a disallowance. We evaluated the external information and compared to the Company s recorded regulatory assets and liabilities for completeness. 
 We obtained management s analysis and correspondence from counsel, as appropriate, regarding regulatory assets or liabilities not yet addressed in a regulatory order to assess management s assertion that amounts are probable of recovery or a future reduction in rates. 
 /s/ 
 February 23, 2023 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2002. 
 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 PUBLIC SERVICE CO. OF COLORADO AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 (amounts in millions) 
 Year Ended Dec. 31 2022 2021 2020 Operating revenues Electric Natural gas Other Total operating revenues Operating expenses Electric fuel and purchased power Cost of natural gas sold and transported Cost of sales steam and other Operating and maintenance expenses Demand side management expenses Depreciation and amortization Taxes (other than income taxes) Total operating expenses Operating income Other (expense) income, net ) ) Allowance for funds used during construction equity Interest charges and financing costs Interest charges includes other financing costs of , and , respectively 
 Allowance for funds used during construction debt ) ) ) Total interest charges and financing costs Income before income taxes Income tax expense Net income 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 PUBLIC SERVICE CO. OF COLORADO AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (amounts in millions) 
 Year Ended Dec. 31 2022 2021 2020 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss) Pension and retiree medical benefits: Net pension and retiree medical gain arising during the period, net of tax of , and , respectively 
 ) Reclassification of loss to net income, net of tax of , and , respectively 
 Derivative instruments: Reclassification of loss to net income, net of tax of , and , respectively 
 Total other comprehensive income (loss) Total comprehensive income 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 PUBLIC SERVICE CO. OF COLORADO AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (amounts in millions) 
 Year Ended Dec. 31 2022 2021 2020 Operating activities Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Deferred income taxes ) Allowance for equity funds used during construction ) ) ) Provision for bad debts Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) ) ) Accrued unbilled revenues ) ) ) Inventories ) ) ) Other current assets ) ) Accounts payable ) Net regulatory assets and liabilities ) Other current liabilities Pension and other employee benefit obligations ) ) ) Other, net ) ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Investing activities Utility capital/construction expenditures ) ) ) Investments in utility money pool arrangement ) ) ) Repayments from utility money pool arrangement Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Financing activities Proceeds from short-term borrowings, net Borrowings under utility money pool arrangement Repayments under utility money pool arrangement ) ) ) Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt Repayments of long-term debt ) ) Capital contributions from parent Dividends paid to parent ) ) ) Net cash provided by financing activities Net change in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Cash paid for interest (net of amounts capitalized) ) ) ) Cash paid for income taxes, net ) ) ) Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing transactions: Accrued property, plant and equipment additions Inventory transfers to property, plant and equipment Operating lease right-of-use assets Allowance for equity funds used during construction 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 PUBLIC SERVICE CO. OF COLORADO AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (amounts in millions, except share and per share) 
 Dec. 31 2022 2021 Assets Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net Accounts receivable from affiliates Accrued unbilled revenues Inventories Regulatory assets Derivative instruments Prepayments and other Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net Other assets Regulatory assets Derivative instruments Operating lease right-of-use assets Other Total other assets Total assets Liabilities and Equity Current liabilities Current portion of long-term debt Short-term debt Accounts payable Accounts payable to affiliates Regulatory liabilities Taxes accrued Accrued interest Dividends payable to parent Derivative instruments Operating lease liabilities Other Total current liabilities Deferred credits and other liabilities Deferred income taxes Regulatory liabilities Asset retirement obligations Derivative instruments Customer advances Pension and employee benefit obligations Operating lease liabilities Other Total deferred credits and other liabilities Commitments and contingencies Capitalization Long-term debt Common stock shares authorized of par value; shares outstanding at Dec. 31, 2022 and Dec. 31, 2021, respectively 
 Additional paid in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total common stockholder's equity Total liabilities and stockholder's equity See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 PUBLIC SERVICE CO. OF COLORADO AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMMON STOCKHOLDER S EQUITY 
 (amounts in millions, except share data) 
 Common Stock Accumulated 
 Other 
 Comprehensive 
 Income (Loss) 
 Total Common 
 Stockholder s 
 Equity 
 Shares Par Value Additional 
 Paid In 
 Capital 
 Retained 
 Earnings 
 Balance at Dec. 31, 2019 ) Net income Other comprehensive income Common dividends declared to parent ) ) Contribution of capital by parent Adoption of ASC Topic 326 ) ) Balance at Dec. 31, 2020 ) Net income Other comprehensive income Common dividends declared to parent ) ) Contribution of capital by parent Balance at Dec. 31, 2021 ) Net income Common dividends declared to parent ) ) Contribution of capital by parent Balance at Dec. 31, 2022 ) See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 PUBLIC SERVICE COMPANY of COLORADO 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 

29 

Table of Contents 

in 2022, in 2021 and in 2020. 
 See Note 3 for further information. 

months or less at the time of purchase to be cash equivalents. 
 million and million, respectively. 
 Fuel Natural gas Total inventories 

30 

Table of Contents 

 Other Utility Items 

months, revenue is recognized, which may include incentives and return on rate base items. 
 Billing amounts are revised periodically for differences between total amount collected and revenue earned, which may increase or decrease the level of revenue collected from customers. Alternative revenues arising from these programs are presented on a gross basis and disclosed separately from revenue from contracts with customers. 
 See Note 6 for further information. 
 Conservation Programs PSCo has implemented programs to assist its retail customers in conserving energy and reducing peak demand on the electric and natural gas systems. These programs include approximately unique DSM products, pilots and services for C I customers, as well as approximately DSM products, pilots and services for residential and low-income customers. Overall, the DSM portfolio provides rebates and/or incentives for nearly unique measures. 
 The costs incurred for DSM programs are deferred if it is probable future revenue will be provided to permit recovery of the incurred cost. Revenues recognized for incentive programs designed for recovery of DSM program costs and/or conservation performance incentives are limited to amounts expected to be collected within 24 months from the year in which they are earned. 
 PSCo s DSM program costs are recovered through a combination of base rate revenue and rider mechanisms. Regulatory assets are recognized to reflect the amount of costs or earned incentives that have not yet been collected from customers. 

2. Accounting Pronouncements 

31 

Table of Contents 

 3. Property, Plant and Equipment 
 
 Natural gas plant Common and other property Plant to be retired (a) 
 CWIP Total property, plant and equipment Less accumulated depreciation ) ) Property, plant and equipment, net 
 (a) 

Hayden Unit 2 Hayden common facilities Craig Units 1 and 2 Craig common facilities Comanche Unit 3 Comanche common facilities Electric transmission: Transmission and other facilities Various Gas transmission: Rifle, CO to Avon, CO Gas transmission compressor Total (a) 
 
 (a) 
 PSCo s share of operating expenses and construction expenditures is included in the applicable utility accounts. Respective owners are responsible for providing their own financing. 

4. Regulatory Assets and Liabilities 
 
 Net AROs (b) 
 1, 10 Various Deferred natural gas, electric, steam energy/fuel costs One to three years 
 Depreciation differences One to ten years 
 Recoverable deferred taxes on AFUDC 
 Plant lives Excess deferred taxes TCJA 
 7 Various Environmental remediation costs Various Grid modernization costs Three years 
 Conservation programs (c) 
 1 One to two years 
 Gas pipeline inspection costs One to two years 
 Purchased power contract costs Term of related contract Property tax Various Other Various Total regulatory assets 
 (a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Plant removal costs 1, 10 Various Effects of regulation on employee benefit costs (c) 
 Various Renewable resources and environmental initiatives Various Revenue decoupling One to two years 
 ITC deferrals 
 1 Various Formula rates One to two years 
 Conservation programs 1 Less than one year 
 Deferred natural gas, electric, steam energy/fuel costs Less than one year 
 Other Various Total regulatory liabilities (d) 
 
 (a) Prior period amounts have been restated to conform with current year presentation. 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 (d) and 2 million for 2022 and 2021, respectively, is included in other current liabilities. 
 million and million at Dec. 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, of past expenditures not earning a return. Amounts are predominately related to purchased natural gas and electric energy costs (including certain costs related to Winter Storm Uri), sales true-up and revenue decoupling, various renewable resources/environmental initiatives and certain prepaid pension amounts. 
 
 Amount outstanding at period end Average amount outstanding Maximum amount outstanding Weighted average interest rate, computed on a daily basis Weighted average interest rate at end of period N/A N/A N/A 

Commercial Paper 
 Amount outstanding at period end Average amount outstanding Maximum amount outstanding Weighted average interest rate, computed on a daily basis Weighted average interest rate at end of period 
 Letters of Credit PSCo uses letters of credit, typically with terms of , to provide financial guarantees for certain operating obligations. At Dec. 31, 2022 and 2021, there were million and million of letters of credit outstanding under the credit facility, respectively. The contract amounts of these letters of credit approximate their fair value and are subject to fees. 
 Credit Facility In order to use its commercial paper program to fulfill short-term funding needs, PSCo must have a revolving credit facility in place at least equal to the amount of its commercial paper borrowing limit and cannot issue commercial paper in an aggregate amount exceeding available capacity under this credit facility. The credit facility provides short-term financing in the form of notes payable to banks, letters of credit and back-up support for commercial paper borrowings. 
 Features of PSCo s credit facility: 
 
 (a) . 

33 

Table of Contents 

 of PSCo s consolidated total assets, default on indebtedness in an aggregate principal amount exceeding million . 
 If PSCo does not comply with the covenant, an event of default may be declared, and if not remedied, any outs tanding amounts due under the facility can be declared due by the lender. As of Dec. 31, 2022, PSCo was in compliance with all financial covenants. 
 PSCo had the following committed credit facility available as of Dec. 31, 2022 
 
 (a) 
 (b) 
 All credit facility bank borrowings, outstanding letters of credit and outstanding commercial paper reduce the available capacity under the credit facility. PSCo had direct advances on the facility outstanding at Dec. 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Long-Term Borrowings and Other Financing Instruments 
 Generally, the property of PSCo is subject to the lien of its first mortgage indenture for the benefit of bondholders. Debt premiums, discounts and expenses are amortized over the life of the related debt. The premiums, discounts and expenses for refinanced debt are deferred and amortized over the life of the new issuance. 
 Sept. 15, 2022 First mortgage bonds March 15, 2023 First mortgage bonds May 15, 2025 First mortgage bonds June 15, 2028 First mortgage bonds Jan. 15, 2031 First mortgage bonds (a) 
 June 15, 2031 First mortgage bonds (b) 
 June 1, 2032 First mortgage bonds Sept. 1, 2037 First mortgage bonds Aug. 1, 2038 First mortgage bonds Aug. 15, 2041 First mortgage bonds Sept. 15, 2042 First mortgage bonds March 15, 2043 First mortgage bonds March 15, 2044 First mortgage bonds June 15, 2046 First mortgage bonds June 15, 2047 First mortgage bonds June 15, 2048 First mortgage bonds Sept. 15, 2049 First mortgage bonds March 1, 2050 First mortgage bonds Jan. 15, 2051 First mortgage bonds (b) 
 June 1, 2052 Unamortized discount ) ) Unamortized debt issuance cost ) ) Current maturities ) ) Total long-term debt 
 (a) . 
 (b) 

2024 2025 2026 2027 
 Deferred Financing Costs Deferred financing costs of approximately million and million, net of amortization, are presented as a deduction from the carrying amount of long-term debt as of Dec. 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. PSCo is amortizing these financing costs over the remaining maturity periods of the related debt. 
 
 Dividend Restrictions PSCo s dividends are subject to the FERC s jurisdiction, which prohibits the payment of dividends out of capital accounts. Dividends are solely to be paid from retained earnings. 
 
 6. Revenues 

C I Other Total retail Wholesale Transmission Other Total revenue from contracts with customers Alternative revenue and other Total revenues 

34 

Table of Contents 

 C I Other Total retail Wholesale Transmission Other Total revenue from contracts with customers Alternative revenue and other Total revenues 
 Year Ended Dec. 31, 2020 (Millions of Dollars) Electric Natural Gas All Other Total Major revenue types Revenue from contracts with customers: Residential C I Other Total retail Wholesale Transmission Other Total revenue from contracts with customers Alternative revenue and other Total revenues 
 
 7. Income Taxes 
 
 State income tax on pretax income, net of federal tax effect Increases (decreases) in tax from: Wind PTCs (a) 
 ) ) ) Plant regulatory differences (b) 
 ) ) ) Other tax credits, net NOL tax credit allowances ) ) ) Other, net ) Effective income tax rate 
 (a) 
 (b) 
 (c) Prior period amounts have been restated to conform with current year presentation. 

Current state tax expense Current change in unrecognized tax benefit ) ) Deferred federal tax benefit ) ) ) Deferred state tax expense Deferred change in unrecognized tax expense Deferred ITCs ) ) ) Total income tax expense 
 Components of deferred income tax expense as of Dec. 31: 
 (Millions of Dollars) 2022 2021 2020 Deferred tax expense excluding items below Amortization and adjustments to deferred income taxes on income tax regulatory assets and liabilities ) ) ) Tax expense allocated to other comprehensive income, and other ) ) Deferred tax (benefit) expense ) 
 Regulatory assets Deferred fuel costs Operating lease assets Pension expense and other employee benefits Other Total deferred tax liabilities Deferred tax assets: Regulatory liabilities Tax credit carryforward Operating lease liabilities Bad debts NOL carryforward Deferred ITCs Tax credit valuation allowances ) ) Rate refund Other Total deferred tax assets Net deferred tax liability 
 (a) 
 Other Income Tax Matters 

35 

Table of Contents 

 Federal tax credit carryforwards State NOL carryforwards State tax credit carryforwards, net of federal detriment (a) 
 Valuation allowances for state credit carryforwards, net of federal benefit (b) 
 ) ) 
 (a) State tax credit carryforwards are net of federal detriment of million and million as of Dec. 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 (b) Valuation allowances for state tax credit carryforwards were net of federal benefit of million as of Dec. 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Federal carryforward periods expire starting 2033 and state carryforward periods expire between 2024 and 2041. 
 Federal Tax Loss Carryback Claim s In 2020, Xcel Energy identified certain expenses related to tax years 2009 - 2011 that qualify for an extended carryback claim. PSCo is not expected to accrue any income tax expense related to this adjustment. 
 Unrecognized Tax Benefits 
 Federal Audit PSCo is a member of Xcel Energy affiliated group that files a consolidated federal income tax return. The statute of limitations applicable to Xcel Energy s consolidated federal tax returns expire as follows: Additionally, the statute of limitations related to certain federal tax credit carryforwards will remain open until those credits are utilized in subsequent returns. Further, the statute of limitations related to the additional federal tax loss carryback claim filed in 2020 has been extended. Xcel Energy has recognized its best estimate of income tax expense that will result from a final resolution of this issue; however, the outcome and timing of a resolution is unknown. 
 State Audits PSCo is a member of the Xcel Energy affiliated group that files consolidated state income tax returns. As of Dec. 31, 2022, PSCo s earliest open tax years that are subject to examination by state taxing authorities under applicable statutes of limitations are as follows: 
 State Tax Year(s) Expiration Colorado 2014-2016 March 2025 Colorado 2018 September 2023 
 There are currently state income tax audits in progress. 
 Unrecognized tax benefit balance includes permanent tax positions, which if recognized would affect the ETR. In addition, the unrecognized tax benefit balance includes temporary tax positions for which deductibility is highly certain, but for which there is uncertainty about the timing. A change in the timing of deductibility would not affect the ETR but would accelerate the payment to the taxing authority. 
 Unrecognized tax benefit Temporary tax positions Total unrecognized tax benefit 

Additions based on tax positions related to the current year Additions for tax positions of prior years Reductions for tax positions of prior years ) Balance at Dec. 31) ) 
 As the IRS progresses its review of the tax loss carryback claims and as state audits resume, it is reasonably possible that the amount of unrecognized tax benefit could decrease up to approximately million in the next 12 months. 
 Payable for interest related to unrecognized tax benefits is partially offset by the interest benefit associated with NOL and tax credit carryforwards. 
 ) Interest income related to unrecognized tax benefits Payable for interest related to unrecognized tax benefits at Dec. 31 
 amounts were accrued for penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as of Dec. 31, 2022, 2021 or 2020. 
 
 8. Fair Value of Financial Assets and Liabilities 

36 

Table of Contents 

 million of net losses expected to be reclassified into earnings during the next 12 months as the hedged transactions impact earnings. As of Dec. 31, 2022, PSCo had unsettled interest rate derivatives. 
 Wholesale and Commodity Trading PSCo conducts various wholesale and commodity trading activities, including the purchase and sale of electric capacity, energy, energy-related instruments and natural gas-related instruments, including derivatives. PSCo is allowed to conduct these activities within guidelines and limitations as approved by its risk management committee, comprised of management personnel not directly involved in the activities governed by this policy. 
 Derivative instruments entered into for trading purposes are presented in the consolidated statements of income as electric revenues, net of any sharing with customers. These activities are not intended to mitigate commodity price risk associated with regulated electric and natural gas operations. Sharing of these margins is determined through state regulatory proceedings as well as the operation of the FERC-approved joint operating agreement. 
 Commodity Derivatives PSCo enters into derivative instruments to manage variability of future cash flows from changes in commodity prices in its electric and natural gas operations. This could include the purchase or sale of energy or energy-related products, natural gas to generate electric energy, natural gas for resale, and vehicle fuel. 
 When PSCo enters into derivative instruments that mitigate commodity price risk on behalf of electric and natural gas customers, the instruments are not typically designated as qualifying hedging transactions. The classification of unrealized losses or gains on these instruments as a regulatory asset or liability, if applicable, is based on approved regulatory recovery mechanisms. 
 As of Dec. 31, 2022, PSCo had commodity contracts designated as cash flow hedges. 

MMBtu of natural gas 
 (a) 
 (b) 
 Consideration of Credit Risk and Concentrations PSCo continuously monitors the creditworthiness of counterparties to its interest rate derivatives and commodity derivative contracts prior to settlement and assesses each counterparty s ability to perform on the transactions set forth in the contracts. Impact of credit risk was immaterial to the fair value of unsettled commodity derivatives presented on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 PSCo s most significant concentrations of credit risk with particular entities or industries are contracts with counterparties to its wholesale, trading and non-trading commodity activities. 
 As of Dec. 31, 2022, of PSCo s most significant counterparties for these activities, comprising million or of this credit exposure, had investment grade credit ratings from S P Global Ratings, Moody s Investor Services or Fitch Ratings. of the most significant counterparties, comprising million or of this credit exposure, were not rated by these external ratings agencies, but based on PSCo s internal analysis, had credit quality consistent with investment grade. of these significant counterparties, comprising million, or , of this credit exposure, had credit quality less than investment grade, based on internal analysis. of these significant counterparties are municipal, cooperative electric entities, RTOs or other utilities. 
 Credit Related Contingent Features Contract provisions for derivative instruments that PSCo enters into, including those accounted for as normal purchase and normal sale contracts and therefore not reflected on the consolidated balance sheets, may require the posting of collateral or settlement of the contracts for various reasons, including if PSCo s credit ratings are downgraded below its investment grade credit rating by any of the major credit rating agencies. As of Dec. 31, 2022 and 2021, there were derivative liabilities position with such underlying contract provisions. 
 Certain contracts also contain cross default provisions that may require the posting of collateral or settlement of the contracts if there was a failure under other financing arrangements related to payment terms or other covenants. As of Dec. 31, 2022 there were derivative instruments in a liability position with such underlying contract provisions. As of Dec. 31, 2021, there were approximately million of derivative liabilities position with such underlying contract provisions. 
 Certain derivative instruments are also subject to contract provisions that contain adequate assurance clauses. These provisions allow counterparties to seek performance assurance, including cash collateral, in the event that PSCo s ability to fulfill its contractual obligations is reasonably expected to be impaired. PSCo had no collateral posted related to adequate assurance clauses in derivative contracts as of Dec. 31, 2022 and 2021. 

37 

Table of Contents 

 ) Total ) Year Ended Dec. 31, 2021 Other derivative instruments Natural gas commodity ) Total ) Year Ended Dec. 31, 2020 Other derivative instruments Natural gas commodity ) Total ) 

(a) 
 Total Other derivative instruments Commodity trading (b) 
 Natural gas commodity (c) 
 ) (c)(d) 
 Total ) Year Ended Dec. 31, 2021 Derivatives designated as cash flow hedges Interest rate (a) 
 Total Other derivative instruments Commodity trading (b) 
 Natural gas commodity (c) 
 ) (c)(d) 
 Total ) Year Ended Dec. 31, 2020 Derivatives designated as cash flow hedges Interest rate (a) 
 Total Other derivative instruments Commodity trading (b) 
 Natural gas commodity (c) 
 ) (c)(d) 
 Total ) 
 (a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 (d) 
 PSCo had derivative instruments designated as fair value hedges during the years ended Dec. 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 

38 

Table of Contents 

 ) ) Natural gas commodity Total current derivative assets ) ) Noncurrent derivative assets Other derivative instruments: Commodity trading ) ) Total noncurrent derivative assets ) ) Current derivative liabilities Other derivative instruments: Commodity trading ) ) Natural gas commodity Total current derivative liabilities ) ) Noncurrent derivative liabilities Other derivative instruments: Commodity trading ) ) Total noncurrent derivative liabilities ) ) 
 obligations to return cash collateral. At Dec. 31, 2022 and 2021, derivative assets and liabilities include rights to reclaim cash collateral of million and million, respectively. Counterparty netting amounts presented exclude settlement receivables and payables and non-derivative amounts that may be subject to the same master netting agreements.) ) Settlements (a) 
 Net transactions recorded during the period: Gains (losses) recognized in earnings (a) 
 ) ) Balance at Dec. 31 ) ) 
 (a) 
 Fair Value of Long-Term Debt 
 As of Dec. 31, other financial instruments for which the carrying amount did not equal fair value: 
 
 Fair value of PSCo s long-term debt is estimated based on recent trades and observable spreads from benchmark interest rates for similar securities. Fair value estimates are based on information available to management as of Dec. 31, 2022 and 2021, and given the observability of the inputs, fair values presented for long-term debt were assigned as Level 2. 

9. Benefit Plans and Other Postretirement Benefits 
 
 Pension and Postretirement Health Care Benefits 
 Xcel Energy, which includes PSCo, has several noncontributory, qualified, defined benefit pension plans that cover almost all employees. All newly hired or rehired employees participate under the Cash Balance formula, which is based on pay credits using a percentage of annual eligible pay and annual interest credits. The average annual interest crediting rates for these plans was , and percent in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Some employees may participate under legacy formulas such as the traditional final average pay or pension equity. Xcel Energy s policy is to fully fund into an external trust the actuarially determined pension costs recognized for ratemaking and financial reporting purposes, subject to the limitations of applicable employee benefit and tax laws. 
 In addition to the qualified pension plans, Xcel Energy maintains a SERP and a nonqualified pension plan. The SERP is maintained for certain executives who participated in the plan in 2008, when the SERP was closed to new participants. The nonqualified pension plan provides benefits for compensation that is in excess of the limits applicable to the qualified pension plans, with distributions funded by Xcel Energy s consolidated operating cash flows. 
 Obligations of the SERP and nonqualified plan as of Dec. 31, 2022 and 2021 were million and million, respectively, of which 1 million and million was attributable to PSCo in 2022 and 2021, respectively. Xcel Energy recognized net benefit cost for financial reporting for the SERP and nonqualified plans of million in 2022 and million in 2021, respectively, of which immaterial amounts were attributable to PSCo. 

39 

Table of Contents 

 Investment-return assumption considers the expected long-term performance for each of the asset classes in its pension and postretirement health care portfolio. Xcel Energy considers the historical returns achieved by its asset portfolios over long time periods, as well as the long-term projected return levels by investment experts. Xcel Energy Inc. and PSCo continually review pension assumptions. 
 Pension cost determination assumes a forecasted mix of investment types over the long-term. 
 Investment returns in 2022 were below the assumed level of . 
 Investment returns in 2021 were above the assumed level of . 
 Investment returns in 2020 were above the assumed level of . 
 In 2023, PSCo s expected investment-return assumption is . 
 Pension plan and postretirement benefit assets are invested in a portfolio according to Xcel Energy s return, liquidity and diversification objectives to provide a source of funding for plan obligations and minimize contributions to the plan, within appropriate levels of risk. The principal mechanism for achieving these objectives is the asset allocation given the long-term risk, return, correlation and liquidity characteristics of each particular asset class. 

There were no significant concentrations of risk in any industry, index, or entity. Market volatility can impact even well-diversified portfolios and significantly affect the return levels achieved by the assets in any year. 
 State agencies also have issued guidelines to the funding of postretirement benefit costs. PSCo is required to fund postretirement benefit costs in irrevocable external trusts that are dedicated to the payment of these postretirement benefits. These assets are invested in a manner consistent with the investment strategy for the pension plan. 
 Xcel Energy s ongoing investment strategy is based on plan-specific investment recommendations that seek to minimize potential investment and interest rate risk as a plan s funded status increases over time. 
 The investment recommendations consider many factors and generally result in a greater percentage of long-duration fixed income securities being allocated to specific plans having relatively higher funded status ratios and a greater percentage of growth assets being allocated to plans having relatively lower funded status ratios. 

Plan Assets 
 Commingled funds Debt securities Equity securities Other Total 
 (a) 
 For each of the fair value hierarchy levels, PSCo s proportionate allocation of the total postretirement benefit plan assets that were measured at fair value: 
 Insurance contracts Commingled funds Debt securities Other ) ) Total 
 . 
 Immaterial assets were transferred in or out of Level 3 for 2022. No assets were transferred in or out of Level 3 for 2021. 
 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 Funded Status Benefit obligations for both pension and postretirement plans decreased from Dec. 31, 2021 to Dec. 31, 2022, due primarily to benefit payments and increases in discount rates used in actuarial valuations. Comparisons of the actuarially computed benefit obligation, changes in plan assets and funded status of the pension and postretirement health care plans for PSCo are as follows: 
 Service cost Interest cost Actuarial gain ) ) ) ) Plan participants contributions Medicare subsidy reimbursements Benefit payments ) ) ) ) Obligation at Dec. 31 Change in Fair Value of Plan Assets: Fair value of plan assets at Jan. 1 Actual return on plan assets ) ) Employer contributions Plan participants contributions Benefit payments ) ) ) ) Fair value of plan assets at Dec. 31 Funded status of plans at Dec. 31 ) ) Amounts recognized in the Consolidated Balance Sheet at Dec. 31: Noncurrent assets Noncurrent liabilities ) ) Net amounts recognized ) ) 
 Pension Benefits Postretirement Benefits Significant Assumptions Used to Measure Benefit Obligations: 2022 2021 2022 2021 Discount rate for year-end valuation Expected average long-term increase in compensation level N/A N/A Mortality table Pri-2012 Pri-2012 Pri-2012 Pri-2012 Health care costs trend rate initial: Pre-65 N/A N/A Health care costs trend rate initial: Post-65 N/A N/A Ultimate trend assumption initial: Pre-65 N/A N/A Ultimate trend assumption initial: Post-65 N/A N/A Years until ultimate trend is reached N/A N/A 
 Accumulated benefit obligation for the pension plan was million and million as of Dec. 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) ) ) ) Amortization of prior service credit ) ) ) ) Amortization of net loss Settlement charge (a) 
 Net periodic pension cost (credit) ) ) ) Effects of regulation Net benefit cost (credit) recognized for financial reporting ) ) ) Significant Assumptions Used to Measure Costs: Discount rate Expected average long-term increase in compensation level N/A N/A N/A Expected average long-term rate of return on assets 
 (a) million. An immaterial amount was recorded in the income statement in 2022. There were no settlement charges recorded to the qualified pension plans in 2021 or 2020 . 
 Prior service credit ) ) ) Total Amounts Not Yet Recognized as Components of Net Periodic Benefit Cost Have Been Recorded as Follows Based Upon Expected Recovery in Rates: Current regulatory assets Noncurrent regulatory assets Net-of-tax accumulated other comprehensive income Total 
 Measurement date Dec. 31, 2022 Dec. 31, 2021 Dec. 31, 2022 Dec. 31, 2021 
 Cash Flows Funding requirements can be impacted by changes to actuarial assumptions, actual asset levels and other calculations prescribed by the requirements of income tax and other pension-related regulations. Required contributions were made in 2020 - 2023 to meet minimum funding requirements. Total voluntary and required pension funding contributions across all of Xcel Energy s pension plans were as follows: 
 million in January 2023, of which none was attributable to PSCo. 
 million in 2022, of which million was attributable to PSCo. 
 million in 2021, of which million was attributable to PSCo. 
 million in 2020, of which million was attributable to PSCo. 

The postretirement health care plans have no funding requirements other than fulfilling benefit payment obligations when claims are presented and approved. Additional cash funding requirements are prescribed by certain state and federal rate regulatory authorities. 
 Xcel Energy s voluntary postretirement funding contributions were as follows: 
 million expected in 2023, of which million is attributable to PSCo. 
 million during 2022, of which million was attributable to PSCo. 
 million during 2021, of which million was attributable to PSCo. 
 million during 2020, of which million was attributable to PSCo. 

42 

Table of Contents 

 Targeted asset allocations: 
 Long-duration fixed income securities Short-to-intermediate fixed income securities Alternative investments Cash Total 
 The asset allocations above reflect target allocations approved in the calendar year to take effect in the subsequent year 
 Plan Amendments 
 There was significant plan amendments made in 2022 or 2020 which affected the projected benefit obligation. 
 In 2021, Xcel Energy amended the Xcel Energy Pension Plan and Xcel Energy Inc. Nonbargaining Pension Plan (South) to reduce supplemental benefits for non-bargaining participants as well as to allow the transfer of a portion of non-qualified pension obligations into the qualified plans. 
 Projected Benefit Payments 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028-2032 
 Defined Contribution Plans 
 Xcel Energy, which includes PSCo, maintains 401(k) and other defined contribution plans that cover most employees. Total expense to these plans for PSCo was approximately million in 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 10. Commitments and Contingencies 

million. Also in February 2023, the court granted PSCo s motion precluding CORE from seeking damages related to its withdrawal as part of the lawsuit. PSCo continues to believe CORE's claims are without merit and disputes CORE s right to withdraw. 
 Rate Matters 
 PSCo is involved in various regulatory proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. Until resolution, typically in the form of a rate order, uncertainties may exist regarding the ultimate rate treatment for certain activities and transactions. Amounts have been recognized for probable and reasonably estimable losses that may result. Unless otherwise disclosed, any reasonably possible range of loss in excess of any recognized amount is not expected to have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 historical MGP, landfill or other disposal sites across its service territory, excluding sites that are being addressed under current coal ash regulations (see below). 
 PSCo has recognized its best estimate of costs/liabilities from final resolution of these issues; however, the outcome and timing are unknown. In addition, there may be insurance recovery and/or recovery from other potentially responsible parties, offsetting a portion of costs incurred. 

43 

Table of Contents 

 million. An estimated liability has been recorded and amounts are expected to be fully recoverable through regulatory mechanisms. 
 Investigation and feasibility studies for additional corrective action related to offsite groundwater are ongoing (three sites). While the results are uncertain, additional costs are estimated to be up to million. A liability has been recorded for the portion estimable/probable and are expected to be fully recoverable through regulatory mechanisms. 
 
 ) Wind Distribution Natural gas Transmission and distribution Miscellaneous ) Total liability 
 (a) 
 (b) 

Wind Distribution Natural gas Transmission and distribution ) Miscellaneous Common Miscellaneous ) Total liability 
 
 Indeterminate AROs Outside of the recorded asbestos AROs, other plants or buildings may contain asbestos due to the age of many of PSCo s facilities, but confirmation or measurement of the cost of removal could be determined as of Dec. 31, 2022. Therefore, an ARO has not been recorded for these facilities. 
). PSCo has elected to utilize the practical expedient under which non-lease components, such as asset maintenance costs included in payments, are not deducted from minimum lease payments for the purposes of lease accounting and disclosure. 
 Leases with an initial term of months or less are classified as short-term leases and are not recognized on the consolidated balance sheet. 
 Other Gross operating lease ROU assets Accumulated amortization ) ) Net operating lease ROU assets 
 ROU assets for finance leases are included in other noncurrent assets, and the present value of future finance lease payments is included in other current liabilities and other noncurrent liabilities. 

44 

Table of Contents 

 ownership interest in WYCO. WYCO leases its facilities to CIG, and CIG operates the facilities, providing natural gas storage and transportation services to PSCo under separate service agreements. 
 PSCo accounts for its Totem natural gas storage service and Front Range pipeline arrangements with CIG and WYCO, respectively, as finance leases. 
 Gas pipeline Gross finance lease ROU assets Accumulated amortization ) ) Net finance lease ROU assets 
 Other operating leases (a) 
 Total operating lease expense (b) 
 Finance leases Amortization of ROU assets Interest expense on lease liability Total finance lease expense 
 (a) million for 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total minimum obligation Interest component of obligation ) ) ) ) Present value of minimum obligation Less current portion ) ) Noncurrent operating and finance lease liabilities Weighted-average remaining lease term in years 
 (a) 
 (b) 

PPAs and Fuel Contracts 
 million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Capacity and energy payments are contingent on the IPP meeting contract obligations, including plant availability requirements. Certain contractual payments are adjusted based on market indices. The effects of price adjustments on financial results are mitigated through purchased energy cost recovery mechanisms. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 Fuel Contracts PSCo has entered into various long-term commitments for the purchase and delivery of a significant portion of its coal and natural gas requirements. These contracts expire between 2023 and 2060. PSCo is required to pay additional amounts depending on actual quantities shipped under these agreements. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 

45 

Table of Contents 

 MW and MW of capacity under long-term PPAs at Dec. 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, with entities that have been determined to be VIEs. These agreements have expiration dates through 2032. 
 
 11. Other Comprehensive Income ) ) Other comprehensive loss before reclassifications 
 ) ) Losses reclassified from net accumulated other comprehensive loss: Amortization of interest rate hedges 
 (a) 
 Net current period other comprehensive income (loss) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss at Dec. 31 ) ) ) 
 (a) 
 2021 (Millions of Dollars) Gains and Losses on Interest Rate Cash Flow Hedges Defined Benefit Pension and Postretirement Items Total Accumulated other comprehensive loss at Jan. 1 ) ) ) Losses reclassified from net accumulated other comprehensive loss: Amortization of interest rate hedges 
 (a) 
 Amortization of net actuarial gains 
 Net current period other comprehensive income Accumulated other comprehensive loss at Dec. 31 ) ) ) 
 (a) 
 
 12. Segment Information 

46 

Table of Contents 

 Intersegment revenue Total revenues Depreciation and amortization Interest charges and financing costs Income tax (benefit) expense ) ) Net income Regulated Natural Gas Total revenues Depreciation and amortization Interest charges and financing costs Income tax expense Net income All Other Total revenues (a) 
 Depreciation and amortization Interest charges and financing costs Income tax (benefit) expense ) Net (loss) income ) ) Consolidated Total Total revenues (a) 
 Reconciling eliminations ) ) ) Total operating revenues Depreciation and amortization Interest charges and financing costs Income tax expense Net income 
 (a) million of other affiliate revenue for the years ended Dec. 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. See Note 13 for further information. 
 
 13. Related Party Transactions 
 
 Operating expenses: Other operating expenses paid to Xcel Energy Services Inc. Interest expense 

NSP-Wisconsin SPS Other subsidiaries of Xcel Energy Inc. 
 
 ITEM 9 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9A CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 PSCo maintains a set of disclosure controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms. In addition, the disclosure controls and procedures ensure that information required to be disclosed is accumulated and communicated to management, including the CEO and CFO, allowing timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 As of Dec. 31, 2022, based on an evaluation carried out under the supervision and with the participation of PSCo s management, including the CEO and CFO, of the effectiveness of its disclosure controls and procedures, the CEO and CFO have concluded that PSCo s disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 
 Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 No changes in PSCo s internal control over financial reporting occurred during the most recent fiscal quarter ended Dec. 31, 2022 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, PSCo s internal control over financial reporting. PSCo maintains internal control over financial reporting to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of the financial reporting. PSCo has evaluated and documented its controls in process activities, general computer activities, and on an entity-wide level. 
 During the year and in preparation for issuing its report for the year ended Dec. 31, 2022 on internal controls under section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, PSCo conducted testing and monitoring of its internal control over financial reporting. Based on the control evaluation, testing and remediation performed, PSCo did not identify any material control weaknesses, as defined under the standards and rules issued by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, as approved by the SEC and as indicated in PSCo s Management Report on Internal Controls over Financial Reporting, which is contained in Item 8 herein. 
 This annual report does not include an attestation report of PSCo s independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by PSCo s independent registered public accounting firm pursuant to the rules of the SEC that permit PSCo to provide only management s report in this annual report. 

47 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 9B OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9C DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 PART III 
 Items 10, 11 and 12 of Part III of Form 10-K have been omitted from this report for PSCo in accordance with conditions set forth in general instructions I(1)(a) and (b) of Form 10-K for wholly-owned subsidiaries. 
 
 ITEM 10 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

ITEM 11 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

ITEM 12 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

ITEM 13 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 Information required under this Item is contained in Xcel Energy Inc. s definitive Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which is incorporated by reference. 
 
 ITEM 14 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 Information required under this Item (aggregate fees billed to us by our principal accountant, Deloitte Touche LLP (PCAOB ID No. )) is contained in Xcel Energy Inc. s Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which is incorporated by reference. 

48 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 
 
 ITEM 15 EXHIBIT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 1 Consolidated Financial Statements: Management Report on Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting For the year ended Dec. 31, 2022. 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Financial Statements 
 Consolidated Statements of Income For each of the three years ended Dec. 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income For each of the three years ended Dec. 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows For each of the three years ended Dec. 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets As of Dec. 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Consolidated Statements of Common Stockholder s Equity For each of the three years ended Dec. 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 2 Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts and Reserves for each of the years ended Dec. 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 3 Exhibits Indicates incorporation by reference + Executive Compensation Arrangements and Benefit Plans Covering Executive Officers and Directors 
 Exhibit Number Description Report or Registration Statement Exhibit Reference 3.01 
 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation dated July 15, 1998 
 PSCo Form 10-Q for the quarter ended Sept. 30, 2017 3.01 3.02 
 By-Laws of PSCo as Amended and Restated on Jan. 25, 2019 
 PSCo Form 10-K for the year ended Dec. 31, 2018 3.02 4.01 
 Indenture, dated as of Oct. 1, 1993, by and between PSCo and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (as successor to Morgan Guaranty Trust Company of New York , as Trustee, providing for the issuance of First Collateral Trust Bonds 
 Xcel Energy Inc. Form S-3 dated April 18, 2018 4(d)(3) 4.02 
 Supplemental Indenture No. 17, dated as of Aug. 1, 2007, by and between PSCo and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (as successor to U.S. Bank National Association , as Trustee, creating 350 million of 6.25 First Mortgage Bonds, Series No. 17 due Sept. 1, 2037 
 PSCo Form 8-K dated Aug. 8, 2007 4.01 4.03 
 Supplemental Indenture No. 18, dated as of Aug. 1, 2008, by and between PSCo and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (as successor to U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee, creating 300 million aggregate principal amount of 6.50 First Mortgage Bonds, Series No. 19 due Aug. 1, 2038 
 PSCo Form 8-K dated Aug. 6, 2008 4.01 4.04 
 Supplemental Indenture No. 21, dated as of Aug. 1, 2011, by and between PSCo and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (as successor to U.S. Bank National Association , as Trustee, creating 250 million aggregate principal amount of 4.75 First Mortgage Bonds, Series No. 22 due Aug. 15, 2041 
 PSCo Form 8-K dated Aug. 9, 2011 4.01 4.05 
 Supplemental Indenture No. 22, dated as of Sept. 1, 2012, between PSCo and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (as successor to U.S. Bank National Association , as Trustee, creating 500 million aggregate principal amount of 3.60 First Mortgage Bonds, Series No. 24 due Sept. 15, 2042 
 PSCo Form 8-K dated Sept. 11, 2012 4.01 4.06 
 Supplemental Indenture No. 23, dated as of March 1, 2013, by and between PSCo and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (as successor to U.S. Bank National Association , as Trustee, creating 250 million aggregate principal amount of 2.50 First Mortgage Bonds, Series No. 25 due March 15, 2023 and 250 million aggregate principal amount of 3.95 First Mortgage Bonds, Series No. 26 due March 15, 2043 
 PSCo Form 8-K dated March 26, 2013 4.01 4.07 
 Supplemental Indenture No. 24, dated as of March 1, 2014, by and between PSCo and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (as successor to U.S. Bank National Association , as Trustee, creating 300 million aggregate principal amount of 4.30 First Mortgage Bonds, Series No. 27 due March 15, 2044 
 PSCo Form 8-K dated March 10, 2014 4.01 4.08 
 Supplemental Indenture No. 25, dated as of May 1, 2015, by and between PSCo and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (as successor to U.S. Bank National Association , as Trustee, creating 250 million aggregate principal amount of 2.90 First Mortgage Bonds, Series No. 28 due May 15, 2025 
 PSCo Form 8-K dated May 12, 2015 4.01 4.09 
 Supplemental Indenture No. 26, dated as of June 1, 2016, by and between PSCo and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (as successor to U.S. Bank National Association , as Trustee, creating 250 million aggregate principal amount of 3.55 First Mortgage Bonds, Series No. 29 due June 15, 2046 
 PSCo Form 8-K dated June 13, 2016 4.01 4.10 
 Supplemental Indenture No. 27, dated as of June 1, 2017, by and between PSCo and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (as successor to U.S. Bank National Association , as Trustee, creating 400 million aggregate principal amount of 3.80 First Mortgage Bonds, Series No. 30 due June 15, 2047 
 PSCo Form 8-K dated June 19, 2017 4.01 4.11 
 Supplemental Indenture No. 28, dated as of June 1, 2018, by and between PSCo and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (as successor to U.S. Bank National Association , as Truste e , creating 350 million aggregate principal amount of 3.70 First Mortgage Bonds, Series No. 31 due June 15, 2028, and 350 million aggregate principal amount of 4.10 First Mortgage Bonds, Series No. 32 due June 15, 2048 
 PSCo Form 8-K dated June 21, 2018 4.01 4.12 
 Supplemental Indenture No. 29, dated as of March 1, 2019, by and between PSCo and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (as successor to U.S. Bank National Association , as Trustee, creating 400 million aggregate principal amount of 4.05 First Mortgage Bonds, Series No. 33 due Sept. 15, 2049 
 PSCo Form 8-K dated March 13, 2019 4.01 4.13 
 Supplemental Indenture No. 30, dated as of Aug. 1, 2019, by and between PSCo and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (as successor to U.S. Bank National Association , as Trustee, creating 550 million aggregate principal amount of 3.20 First Mortgage Bonds, Series No. 34 due March 1, 2050 
 PSCo Form 8-K dated August 13, 2019 4.01 4.14 
 Supplemental Indenture No. 31, dated as of May 1, 2020, by and between PSCo and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (as successor to U.S. Bank National Association , as Trustee, creating 375 million aggregate principal amount of 2.70 First Mortgage Bonds, Series No. 35 due Jan. 15, 2051 and 375 million aggregate principal amount of 1.90 First Mortgage Bonds, Series No. 36 due Jan. 15, 2031 
 PSCo Form 8-K dated May 15, 2020 4.01 4.15 
 Supplemental Indenture No. 32, dated as of February 1, 2021, by and between PSCo and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (as successor to U.S. Bank National Association , as Trustee, creating 750 million aggregate principal amount of 1.875 First Mortgage Bonds, Series No. 37 due June 15, 2031 
 PSCo Form 8-K dated March 1, 2021 
 4.01 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 4.16 
 Supplemental Indenture No. 33, dated as of May 1, 2022, by and between PSCo and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Trustee, creating 300 million aggregate principal amount of 4.10 First Mortgage Bonds, Series No. 38 due June 1, 2032 and 400 million aggregate principal amount of 4.50 First Mortgage Bonds, Series No. 39 due June 1, 2052 
 PSCo Form 8-K dated May 17, 2022 99.03 10.01 + 
 Xcel Energy Inc. Nonqualified Pension Plan (2009 Restatement) 
 Xcel Energy Inc. Form 10-K for the year ended Dec. 31, 2008 10.02 10.02 + 
 Xcel Energy Senior Executive Severance and Change-in-Control Policy (2009 Restatement) 
 Xcel Energy Inc. Form 10-K for the year ended Dec. 31, 2008 10.05 10.03 + 
 Second Amendment to Exhibit 10.02 dated Oct. 26, 2011 
 Xcel Energy Inc. Form 10-K for the year ended Dec. 31, 2011 10.18 10.04 + 
 Fifth Amendment to Exhibit 10.02 dated May 3, 2016 
 Xcel Energy Inc. Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2016 10.01 10.05 + 
 Seventh Amendment to Exhibit 10.02 dated May 7, 2018 
 Xcel Energy Inc. Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2018 10.01 10.06 + 
 Eighth Amendment to Exhibit 10.02 dated March 31, 2020 
 Xcel Energy Inc. Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2020 10.02 10.07 + 
 Ninth Amendment to Exhibit 10.02 dated May 22, 2020 
 Xcel Energy Inc. Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2020 10.01 10.08 + 
 Xcel Energy Inc. Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan as amended and restated Jan. 1, 2009 
 Xcel Energy Inc. Form 10-K for the year ended Dec. 31, 2008 10.17 10.09 + 
 Xcel Energy Inc. Executive Annual Incentive Plan (as amended and restated effective Feb. 17, 2010) 
 Xcel Energy Inc. Definitive Proxy Statement dated April 6, 2010 Appendix A 10.10 + 
 First Amendment to Exhibit 10.09 dated Feb. 20, 2013 
 Xcel Energy Inc. Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2013 10.01 10.11 + 
 Xcel Energy Inc. Executive Annual Incentive Award Plan Form of Restricted Stock Agreement 
 Xcel Energy Inc. Form 10-Q for the quarter ended Sept. 30, 2009 10.08 10.12 + 
 Xcel Energy Inc. Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan (2009 Restatement) 
 Xcel Energy Inc. Form 10-K for the year ended Dec. 31, 2008 10.07 10.13 + 
 First Amendment to Exhibit 10.12 effective Nov. 29, 2011 
 Xcel Energy Inc. Form 10-K for the year ended Dec. 31, 2011 10.17 10.14 + 
 Second Amendment to Exhibit 10.12 dated May 21, 2013 
 Xcel Energy Inc. Form 10-K for the year ended Dec. 31, 2013 10.22 10.15 + 
 Third Amendment to Exhibit 10.12 dated Sept. 30, 2016 
 Xcel Energy Inc. Form 10-Q for the quarter ended Sept. 30, 2016 10.01 10.16 + 
 Fourth Amendment to Exhibit 10.12 dated Oct. 23, 2017 
 Xcel Energy Inc. Form 10-Q for the quarter ended Sept. 30, 2017 10.01 10.17 + 
 Xcel Energy Inc. Amended and Restated 2015 Omnibus Incentive Plan 
 Xcel Energy Inc. Form 10-K for the year ended Dec. 31, 2018 10.34 10.18 + 
 Form of Terms and Conditions under the Xcel Energy Inc. Amended and Restated 2015 Omnibus Incentive Plan for Awards of Restricted Stock Units and/or Performance Share Units 
 Xcel Energy Inc. Form 10-K for the year ended Dec. 31, 2018 10.35 10.19 + 
 Form of Award Agreement for Restricted Stock Units and/or Performance Share Units under the Xcel Energy Inc. 2015 Omnibus Incentive Plan for awards since 2020 
 Xcel Energy Inc. Form 10-K for the year ended Dec. 31, 2019 10.32 10.20 + 
 Stock Equivalent Plan for Non-Employee Directors of Xcel Energy Inc. as amended and restated effective Feb. 23, 2011 
 Xcel Energy Inc. Definitive Proxy Statement dated April 5, 2011 Appendix A 10.21 + 
 Stock Equivalent Program for Non-Employee Directors of Xcel Energy Inc. under the Xcel Energy Inc. 2015 Omnibus Incentive Plan 
 Xcel Energy Inc. Form 8-K dated May 20, 2015 10.02 10.22 + 
 Summary of Non-Employee Director Compensation, effective as of Oct. 1, 2021 
 Xcel Energy Inc. Form 10-Q for the quarter ended Sept. 30, 2021 10.01 10.23 + 
 Stock Program for Non-Employee Directors of Xcel Energy Inc. as Amended and Restated on Dec. 12, 2017 under the 2015 Omnibus Incentive Plan 
 Xcel Energy Inc. Form 10-K for the year ended Dec. 31, 2018 10.36 10.24 + 
 Form of Services Agreement between Xcel Energy Services Inc. and utility companies 
 Xcel Energy Inc. Form U5B dated Nov. 16, 2000 H-1 10.25 
 Proposed Settlement Agreement, excerpts, as filed with the CPUC 
 Xcel Energy Inc. Form 8-K dated Dec. 3, 2004 99.02 10.26 
 Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of September 19, 2022, among PSCo, as Borrower, the several lenders from time to time parties thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Bank of America, N.A. and Barclays Bank PLC, as Syndication Agents, and Citibank, N.A., MUFG Bank, Ltd., and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Documentation Agents 
 Xcel Energy Inc. Form 8-K dated Sept. 19, 2022 99.03 23.01 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 31.01 
 Principal Executive Officer s certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.02 
 Principal Financial Officer s certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.01 
 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Schema 101.CAL Inline XBRL Calculation 101.DEF Inline XBRL Definition 101.LAB Inline XBRL Label 101.PRE Inline XBRL Presentation 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 SCHEDULE II 
 Additions charged to costs and expenses Additions charged to other accounts (a) 
 Deductions from reserves (b) 
 ) ) ) Balance at Dec. 31 
 (a) 
 (b) . 
 
 Item 16 Form 10-K Summary 
 
 None. 

51 

Table of Contents 

 Signatures 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this annual report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 PUBLIC SERVICE COMPANY OF COLORADO Feb. 23, 2023 /s/ BRIAN J. VAN ABEL Brian J. Van Abel Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Director 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities on the date indicated above. 
 /s/ ROBERT C. FRENZEL /s/ ROBERT S. KENNEY Robert C. Frenzel Robert S. Kenney Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Director President and Director (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ BRIAN J. VAN ABEL Brian J. Van Abel Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Director (Principal Accounting Officer and Principal Financial Officer) 
 SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION TO BE FURNISHED WITH REPORTS FILED PURSUANT TO SECTION 15(D) OF THE ACT BY REGISTRANTS WHICH HAVE NOT REGISTERED SECURITIES PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE ACT 
 PSCo has not sent, and does not expect to send, an annual report or proxy statement to its security holder. 
 
 52 

<EX-23.01>
 2
 pscoex2301q42022.htm
 EX-23.01

Document 

Exhibit 23.01 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement No. 333-255446-02 on Form S-3 of our report dated February 23, 2023, relating to the financial statements and financial statement schedule of Public Service Company of Colorado and subsidiaries appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Public Service Company of Colorado for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 s DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP 
 Minneapolis, Minnesota February 23, 2023 

</EX-23.01>

<EX-31.01>
 3
 pscoex3101q42022.htm
 EX-31.01

Document 

Exhibit 31.01 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, Robert C. Frenzel, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of Public Service Company of Colorado 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date Feb. 23, 2023 
 s ROBERT C. FRENZEL Robert C. Frenzel Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 1 

</EX-31.01>

<EX-31.02>
 4
 pscoex3102q42022.htm
 EX-31.02

Document 

Exhibit 31.02 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, Brian J. Van Abel, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of Public Service Company of Colorado 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date Feb. 23, 2023 
 s BRIAN J. VAN ABEL Brian J. Van Abel Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Director 
 
 2 

</EX-31.02>

<EX-32.01>
 5
 pscoex3201q42022.htm
 EX-32.01

Document 

Exhibit 32.01 
 
 OFFICER CERTIFICATION 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Public Service Company of Colorado (PSCo) on Form 10-K for the year ended Dec. 31, 2022, as filed with the SEC on the date hereof (Form 10-K), each of the undersigned officers of PSCo certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to such officer s knowledge 
 
 (1) The Form 10-K fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of PSCo as of the dates and for the periods expressed in the Form 10-K. 
 
 Date Feb. 23, 2023 
 s ROBERT C. FRENZEL Robert C. Frenzel Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Director s BRIAN J. VAN ABEL Brian J. Van Abel Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Director 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document. 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to PSCo and will be retained by PSCo and furnished to the SEC or its staff upon request. 
 1 

</EX-32.01>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 psco-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 psco-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 psco-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 psco-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 psco-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

