<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230217_10-K_edgar_data_1372020_0000950170-23-003211.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>13832526</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>319635</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1726204</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6722470</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1757393</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2974770</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-003211.hdr.sgml : 20230217
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230217161336
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-003211
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		89
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230217
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230217

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Great Lakes Dredge & Dock CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001372020
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	HEAVY CONSTRUCTION OTHER THAN BUILDING CONST - CONTRACTORS [1600]
		IRS NUMBER:				205336063
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33225
		FILM NUMBER:		23642668

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9811 KATY FREEWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1200
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77024
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(346) 359-1010

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9811 KATY FREEWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1200
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77024

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Great Lakes Dredge & Dock Holdings Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20060808

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-003211.txt : 20230217

10-K
 1
 gldd-20221231.htm
 10-K

10-K 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 
 
 	ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended 
 or 
 	 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive o cers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of voting stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant was at June 30, 2022. The aggregate market value was computed using the closing price of the common stock as of June 30, 2022 on the Nasdaq Stock Market. (For purposes of a calculating this amount only, all directors and executive officers of the registrant have been treated as affiliates.) 
 As of February 14, 2023, shares of Registrant s Common Stock, par value .0001 per share, were outstanding. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 
 Business 
 2 

Item 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors 
 11 

Item 1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 29 

Item 2. 
 
 Properties 
 30 

Item 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 30 

Item 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 30 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 
 Market for the Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 31 

Item 6. 
 
 [Reserved] 
 32 

Item 7. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 33 

Item 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 43 

Item 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 43 

Item 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 43 

Item 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 
 43 

Item 9B. 
 
 Other Information 
 47 

Item 9C. 
 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 47 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 48 

Item 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation 
 48 

Item 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 48 

Item 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 48 

Item 14. 
 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 48 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 49 

Item 16. 
 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 49 

SIGNATURES 
 84 

i 
 
 Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 Certain statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K may constitute forward-looking statements as defined in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 (the Securities Act ), Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ), the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 (the PSLRA or in releases made by the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), all as may be amended from time to time. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other important factors that could cause the actual results, performance or achievements of Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation and its subsidiaries Great Lakes ), or industry results, to differ materially from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Statements that are not historical fact are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements can be identified by, among other things, the use of forward-looking language, such as the words plan, believe, expect, anticipate, intend, estimate, project, may, would, could, should, seeks, or scheduled to, or other similar words, or the negative of these terms or other variations of these terms or comparable language, or by discussion of strategy or intentions. 
 These cautionary statements are being made pursuant to the Securities Act, the Exchange Act and the PSLRA with the intention of obtaining the benefits of the safe harbor provisions of such laws. Great Lakes cautions investors that any forward-looking statements made by Great Lakes are not guarantees or indicative of future performance. Important assumptions and other important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those forward-looking statements with respect to Great Lakes, include, but are not limited to, risks and uncertainties that are described in Item 1A. Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, and in other securities filings by Great Lakes with the SEC. 
 Although Great Lakes believes that our plans, intentions and expectations reflected in or suggested by such forward-looking statements are reasonable, actual results could differ materially from a projection or assumption in any forward-looking statements. Great Lakes future financial condition and results of operations, as well as any forward-looking statements, are subject to change and inherent risks and uncertainties. The forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are made only as of the date hereof and we do not have or undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, subsequent events or otherwise, unless otherwise required by law. 
 
 1 
 
 Part I 
 Item 1. B usiness. 
 The terms we, our, ours, us, Great Lakes and Company refer to Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation and its subsidiaries. 
 Organization 
 
 Great Lakes is the largest provider of dredging services in the United States which is complemented with a long history of performing significant international projects. The Company is also fully engaged in expanding its core business into the rapidly developing offshore wind energy industry. 
 
 The Company was founded in 1890 as Lydon Drews Partnership and performed its first project in Chicago, Illinois. The Company changed its name to Great Lakes Dredge Dock Company in 1905 and was involved in a number of marine construction and landfill projects along the Chicago lakefront and in the surrounding Great Lakes region. The Company now operates on the East and Gulf coastlines and throughout many inland U.S. waterways. Since its founding, Great Lakes has been a leader in the building and maintenance of the nation's navigation system, the protection of shore lines, the restoration of sensitive habitats, and the creation of critical aquatic infrastructure. 
 The Company operates in one operating segment, which is also the Company s one reportable segment and reporting unit. 
 Operations 
 Dredging generally involves the enhancement or preservation of the navigability of waterways or the protection of shorelines through the removal or replenishment of soil, sand or rock. Domestically, our work generally is performed in coastal waterways and deep water ports. The U.S. dredging market consists of four primary types of work: capital, coastal protection, maintenance and rivers lakes. The Company s bid market is defined as the aggregate dollar value of domestic dredging projects on which the Company bid or could have bid if not for capacity constraints or other considerations. The Company experienced an average combined bid market share in the U.S. of 35 over the prior three years, including 49 , 54 , 17 and 23 of the domestic capital, coastal protection, maintenance and rivers lakes sectors, respectively. 
 Over its 132 year history, the Company has grown to be a leader in capital, coastal protection and maintenance dredging in the United States and is one of the oldest and most experienced dredging companies in the country. The Company s foreign projects are typically categorized in the capital work type, but are not included in the aforementioned bid market. 
 Capital (domestic is 53 of 2022 revenues). Capital dredging consists primarily of port expansion projects, which involve the deepening of channels and berthing basins to allow access by larger, deeper draft ships and the provision of land fill used to expand port facilities. In addition to port work, capital projects also include coastal restoration and land reclamations, trench digging for pipelines, tunnels and cables, and other dredging related to the construction of breakwaters, jetties, canals and other marine structures. Although capital work can be impacted by budgetary constraints and economic conditions, these projects typically generate an immediate economic benefit to the ports and surrounding communities. 
 Coastal protection (30 of 2022 revenues). Coastal protection projects generally involve moving sand from the ocean floor to shoreline locations where erosion threatens shoreline assets. Beach erosion is a continuous problem that has intensified with the rise in coastal development and has become an important issue for state and local governments concerned with protecting beachfront tourism and real estate. Coastal protection via beach nourishment is often viewed as a better response to erosion than trapping sand through the use of sea walls and jetties, or relocating buildings and other assets away from the shoreline. Generally, coastal protection projects take place during the fall and winter months to minimize interference with bird and marine life migration and breeding patterns as well as coastal recreation activities. 
 Maintenance (15 of 2022 revenues). Maintenance dredging consists of the re-dredging of previously deepened waterways and harbors to remove silt, sand and other accumulated sediments. Due to natural sedimentation, most channels generally require maintenance dredging every one to three years, thus creating a recurring source of dredging work that is typically non-deferrable if optimal commercial navigability is to be maintained. In addition, severe weather such as hurricanes, flooding and droughts can also cause the accumulation of sediments and drive the need for maintenance dredging. 
 Foreign (less than 1 of 2022 revenues). Foreign capital projects typically involve land reclamations, channel deepening and port infrastructure development. The Company targets foreign opportunities that are well suited to the Company s equipment and where it faces reduced competition from its European competitors. Maintaining a presence in foreign markets has enabled the 
 2 
 
 Company to diversify its customer base and take advantage of differences in global economic development. Over the last two decades, the Company has performed dredging work in the Middle East, Africa, Australia, the Caribbean and Central and South America. 
 Rivers lakes (2 of 2022 revenues). Domestic rivers and lakes dredging and related operations typically consist of lake and river dredging, inland levee and construction dredging, environmental restoration and habitat improvement and other marine construction projects. Although the Mississippi River has a large source of projects on which the Company bids, certain dredges used on these projects are more portable and able to be transported to take advantage of the fragmented market. Generally, inland river and lake projects in the northern U.S. take place in non-winter months because frozen waterways significantly reduce contractors ability to operate and transport its equipment in the relevant geographies. 
 Offshore Wind Market 
 While the Company continues to reinvest in our core dredging business and renew our dredging fleet, we are strategically entering the nascent U.S. offshore wind market. Entering the U.S. offshore wind market offers us the opportunity to diversify our client base, enter a different market and grow our bottom line, while also enhancing the Company s efforts towards sustainability and renewable energy. 
 The Company has already established a first mover advantage in scour protection installation for offshore wind foundations, cables, and offshore substations. We are building the first Jones Act compliant rock installation vessel in the U.S. and winning the first rock installation contract for the Empire Wind I and II wind farms. 
 We expect to continue to build our offshore wind capabilities, win rock installation projects and position for growth in the accelerating U.S. offshore wind market, as many of our European competitors have done in the international offshore wind markets. 
 Dredging Demand Drivers 
 The Company believes that the following factors are important drivers of the demand for its services: 
 
 Deep port capital projects. Since the Panama Canal Expansion project, the market for dredging has expanded as most of the East Coast and Gulf ports have deepening and widening projects that are required to better meet the needs of maritime trade and enhance the capabilities to compete for international trade. In addition, shipping line manufacturers continue to deploy larger and deeper ships which require greater channel depths for travel. Many U.S. ports are constrained due to the channel dimension requirements that are needed to accommodate these vessels. The Company has worked on several port deepenings along the East and Gulf coasts over the past years, starting with Miami in 2015 and continuing through today including our current projects in Houston and Corpus Christi. In December 2022, the Omnibus Appropriations Bill for the fiscal year 2023 was passed which included a record budget of 8.66 billion for the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers (the Corps ). These appropriations are expected to fund the continuation of port deepening bids in 2023 for the ports of Sabine, Freeport, Mobile, San Juan, Houston, Corpus Christi and additional phases of Norfolk. Also, at the end of the year, the Water Resources Development Act WRDA of 2022 WRDA 2022 ), was approved by Congress and signed into law by the President. WRDA 2022 is on a two-year renewal cycle and includes legislation that authorizes the financing of Corps projects for flood and hurricane protection, dredging, ecosystem restoration and other construction projects. WRDA 2022 featured among many other things authorization for New York and New Jersey shipping channels to be deepened to 55 feet, estimated at 6 billion. The Company views this legislation as a positive catalyst for the domestic dredging industry as it authorizes funding for critical infrastructure improvements that are needed throughout the U.S. Further, the WRDA 2022 bill authorizes studies for future water resources improvements and make modifications to previous authorizations. Port deepening projects are essential to maintaining safe and efficient navigation channels in ports and harbors along our coastlines. The Company believes that port deepening and expansion work authorized under current and anticipated future legislation will continue to provide significant opportunities for the domestic dredging industry. The annual bid market for domestic capital dredging, which includes deep port capital dredging and Gulf Coast restoration, averaged 561 million over the prior three years. 

3 
 
 Substantial need for coastal protection. Beach erosion is a recurring problem due to the normal ebb and flow of coastlines as well as the effects of severe storm activity. Growing populations in coastal communities and vital beach tourism are drawing attention to the importance of protecting beachfront assets. Over the past few years, both the federal government and state and local entities have funded beach work recognizing the essential role these natural barriers play in absorbing storm energy and protecting public and private property. As a result of the extreme storm systems in prior years involving Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria, Congress passed supplemental appropriations for disaster relief and recovery which includes 17.4 billion for the Corps to fund projects that will reduce the risk of future damage from flood and storm events. The Corps is beginning to provide visibility on its plans for this money, and it is expected that approximately 1.8 billion will be allocated to dredging-related work. Most of this work is anticipated to be coastal protection related, but some funding may be provided for channel maintenance. In addition, the Disaster Relief Supplemental Appropriations Act for fiscal year 2023 was approved which included 1.48 billion for the Corps to make necessary repairs to infrastructure impacted by hurricanes and other natural disasters and to initiate coastal protection projects that will increase coastal resiliency. This increased budget and additional funding support our expectation for a stronger market in 2023. The annual bid market for coastal protection over the prior three years averaged 365 million. 

Required maintenance of U.S. ports. The channels and waterways leading to U.S. ports have stated depths on which shippers rely when entering those ports. Due to naturally occurring sedimentation and severe weather, active channels require maintenance dredging to ensure that stated depths are at authorized levels. Consequently, the need to maintain channel depth creates a recurring source of dredging work that is non-deferrable if optimal navigability is to be preserved. The Corps is responsible for federally funded projects related to navigation and flood control of U.S. waterways. The maritime industry, including the ports, has repeatedly advocated for congressional efforts to ensure that a fully funded, recurring maintenance program is in place. Additionally, on March 27, 2020, the U.S. government enacted the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act which includes a provision that lifts caps on the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund HMTF ), thereby allowing full access to future annual revenues. In December 2022, the Omnibus Appropriations Bill for fiscal year 2023 was passed which included another record budget of 8.66 billion for the Corps civil works program of which 2.32 billion is provided for the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund to maintain and modernize our nation s waterways, an increase of 269 million above the FY22 level. Through the increased appropriation of HMTF monies, the Company anticipates increased funding for harbor maintenance projects to be let for bid throughout 2023 and beyond. Corps projects involving deepening, maintenance and coastal dredging are in line for robust funding continuing the trend of recent years. The annual bid market for maintenance dredging over the prior three years averaged 776 million. 

Gulf coast restoration. There has been continued focus on restoring the barrier islands and wetlands that provide natural protection from storms in the Gulf Coast area. Many restoration projects have commenced to repair coastal areas. Several additional projects are being planned by state and local governments to restore natural barriers. The State of Louisiana has proposed an update to its master plan calling for a 50 billion investment in its coastal infrastructure. By law, the Louisiana Coastal Protection and Restoration Authority CPRA must update its coastal master plan every six years and let the latest science guide each iteration. The 2023 draft plan marks the fourth released by the agency since it formed in 2005 following Hurricane Katrina. The 2023 draft plan contains 73 proposed projects aimed to lower the threat of storm surge and maintain as much of a natural buffer between communities and the Gulf of Mexico as possible. Most of those specific projects are for coastal restoration, such as dredging sediment from water bottoms and pumping it elsewhere to create marsh, ridges or other natural features that provide habitat and storm protection. A handful of the projects involve diverting Mississippi River water into nearby bays to reconnect to a natural source of fresh water and sediment. Coastal restoration accounts for half the cost of the plan s 50 billion aspirations. Many of the Gulf States, including Louisiana, have previously committed to spending a portion of the nearly 20 billion in fines received from the 2015 BP settlement of the Deepwater Horizon oil spill to repair the natural resources impacted by the event including coastal restoration projects that include dredging. 

Renewable energy projects. The growth in demand for transportation of energy worldwide has driven the need for dredging to support new terminals, harbors, channels and pipelines. Europe is currently re-evaluating their sourcing of energy after the Russian invasion of Ukraine which will require imports of large quantities of Liquefied Natural Gas LNG ). In turn, several LNG, petrochemical and crude oil projects are creating the need for port development in support of energy exports. Several North American LNG export projects have been delayed in the past couple of years during the pandemic but with the increase in LNG prices, some of these LNG projects are currently gaining momentum and are targeting final investment decisions in 2023. Additionally, as the offshore wind market develops in the U.S., port facilities will need to meet specific requirements to be able to service this industry. We anticipate these ports will require investments for port improvements that will include some dredging in order to serve as marshaling ports for various offshore wind projects. The Company continues to expect that future global energy demand will necessitate improvements in the renewable energy infrastructure base and around sources of rich resources and in countries that import or export global energy. 

4 
 
 For additional details regarding Operations, including financial information regarding our international and U.S. revenues and long-lived assets, see Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, and Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Customers 
 The dredging industry s customers include federal, state and local governments, foreign governments and both domestic and foreign private concerns, such as utilities and oil and other energy companies. Most dredging projects are competitively bid, with the award going to the lowest qualified bidder. Customers generally have few economical alternatives to dredging services. The Corps is the largest dredging customer in the U.S. and has responsibility for federally funded projects related to navigation and flood control. In addition, the U.S. Coast Guard and the U.S. Navy are responsible for awarding federal contracts with respect to their own facilities. In 2022, approximately 67 of the Company s dredging revenues were generated from 34 different contracts with federal agencies or third parties operating under contracts with federal agencies. 
 Bidding Process 
 Most of the Company s contracts are obtained through competitive bidding on terms specified by the party inviting the bid. The types of equipment required to perform the specified service, project site conditions, the estimated project duration, seasonality, location and complexity of a project affect the cost of performing the contract and the price that dredging contractors will bid. 
 For contracts under its jurisdiction, the Corps typically prepares a fair and reasonable cost estimate based on the specifications of the project. To be successful, a bidder must be determined by the Corps to be a responsible bidder (i.e., a bidder that generally has the necessary equipment and experience to successfully complete the project as well as the ability to obtain a surety bid bond) and submit the lowest responsive bid that does not exceed 125 of the Corps original estimate. Contracts for state and local governments are generally awarded to the lowest qualified bidder. Contracts for private customers are awarded based, among other things, the contractor s experience, equipment and schedule, contractual terms, as well as price. While substantially all of the Company s contracts are competitively bid, some government contracts are awarded through a sole source procurement process involving negotiation between the contractor and the government, while other projects are bid by the Corps through a request for proposal process. The request for proposal process benefits both Great Lakes and its customers as customers can award contracts based on factors beyond price, including experience, skill and specialized equipment. 
 Bonding and Project Guarantees 
 For most domestic projects and some foreign projects, dredging service providers are required to obtain three types of bonds: bid bonds, performance bonds and payment bonds. These bonds are typically provided by large insurance companies. A bid bond is required to serve as a guarantee so that if a service provider s bid is chosen, the service provider will sign the contract. The amount of the bond is typically 20 of the service provider s bid, with a range generally between 1 and 10 million. After a contract is signed, the bid bond is replaced by a performance bond, the purpose of which is to guarantee that the job will be completed. If the service provider fails to complete a job, the bonding company would be required to complete the job and would be entitled to be paid the contract price directly by the customer. Additionally, the bonding company would be entitled to be paid by the service provider for any costs incurred in excess of the contract price. A service provider s ability to obtain performance bonds with respect to a particular contract depends upon the size of the contract, as well as the size of the service provider and its financial position. A payment bond is required to protect the service provider s suppliers and subcontractors in the event that the service provider cannot make timely payments. Payment bonds are generally written at 100 of the contract value. 
 The Company has bonding agreements with Argonaut Insurance Company Argo ), Berkley Insurance Company, Chubb Surety Chubb ), Travelers Casualty and Surety Company of America Travelers ), Zurich American Insurance Company, and Liberty Mutual Insurance Company Liberty ), (collectively, the Sureties under which the Company can obtain performance, bid and payment bonds. The Company also currently has outstanding bonds with Argo, Chubb, Travelers, and Liberty. Great Lakes has never experienced difficulty in obtaining bonding for any of its projects and Great Lakes has never failed to complete a marine project in its 132 year history. 
 For certain projects, including foreign, private, and offshore wind projects, letters of credit or bank guarantees are required as security for the performance and, if applicable, bid or advance payment guarantees. The Company obtains its letters of credit under the Amended Credit Agreement (as defined below). Bid guarantees are usually 2 to 5 of the service provider s bid. Performance and advance payment guarantees are each typically 5 to 10 of the contract value. 
 5 
 
 Competition 
 The U.S. dredging industry is highly fragmented composed of many small operators, primarily in maintenance dredging. Most of these dredges are smaller and service the inland, as opposed to coastal, waterways, and therefore do not generally compete with Great Lakes except in our rivers lakes market. Competition is determined by the size and complexity of the job; equipment bonding and certification requirements; and government regulations. Competition on rivers lakes projects is determined primarily based on geographic reach, project execution capability and price. Great Lakes and three other companies comprised approximately 80 of the Company s defined bid market related to domestic capital, coastal protection, maintenance and rivers lakes over the prior three years. Within the Company s bid market, competition is determined primarily on the basis of price. In addition, the Foreign Dredge Act of 1906 (the Dredging Act and Section 27 of the Merchant Marine Act of 1920 (the Jones Act provide significant barriers to entry with respect to foreign competition. Together these two laws prohibit foreign-built, chartered or operated vessels from competing in the U.S. See Business Government Regulations below. 
 Competition in the international market is dominated by four large European dredging companies all of which operate larger equipment and fleets that are more extensive than the Company s fleet. Additionally, a large Chinese dredging company controls most of its home market and is a key player in the international market. There are also several governmentally supported dredging companies that operate on a local or regional basis. The Company targets opportunities that are well suited to its equipment and where it can be most competitive. 
 Equipment 
 Great Lakes fleet of dredges, material barges and other specialized equipment is the largest and most diverse in the U.S. The Company operates three principal types of dredging equipment: hopper dredges, hydraulic dredges and mechanical dredges. 
 Hopper Dredges. Hopper dredges are typically self-propelled and have the general appearance of an ocean-going vessel. The dredge has hollow hulls, or hoppers, into which material is suctioned hydraulically through drag-arms. Once the hoppers are filled, the dredge sails to the designated disposal site and either (i) bottom dumps the material or (ii) pumps the material from the hoppers through a pipeline to a designated site. Hopper dredges can operate in rough waters, are less likely than other types of dredges to interfere with ship traffic, and can be relocated quickly from one project to another. Hopper dredges primarily work on coastal protection and maintenance projects. The Company is currently building a 6,500 cubic yard trailing suction hopper dredge, the Galveston Island , which is expected to be operational mid-year 2023, additionally, in June 2022 the Company exercised the contract option with the same builder to build a second 6,500 cubic yard trailing suction hopper dredge, the Amelia Island , with expected delivery in the first half of 2025. The delivery of the new Galveston Island and Amelia Island hopper dredges will provide the Company with added capacity and the opportunity to potentially retire older dredges. 
 Hydraulic Dredges. Hydraulic dredges remove material using a revolving cutterhead which cuts and churns the sediment on the channel or ocean floor and hydraulically pumps the material by pipe to the disposal location. These dredges are very powerful and can dredge some types of rock. Certain dredged materials can be directly pumped for miles with the aid of multiple booster pumps. Hydraulic dredges work with an assortment of support equipment, which help with the positioning and movement of the dredge, handling of the pipelines and the placement of the dredged material. Unlike hopper dredges, relocating hydraulic dredges and all their ancillary equipment requires specialized vessels and additional time, and their operations can be impacted by ship traffic and rough waters. There is a wide range of hydraulic dredges from our smaller rivers lakes vessels that use pipe sizes ranging from 10 to 22 and operate at between 365 and 3,200 total horsepower, while the Company s other hydraulic dredges use pipe sizes ranging from 18 to 30 and operate at between 1,900 and 16,650 total horsepower. 
 Mechanical Dredges. There are two basic types of mechanical dredges: clamshell and backhoe. In both types, the dredge uses a bucket to excavate material from the channel or ocean floor. The dredged material is placed by the bucket into material barges, or scows, for transport to the designated disposal area. The scows are emptied by bottom-dumping, direct pump-out or removal by a crane with a bucket. The backhoe dredge is capable of removing hard-packed sediments, blasted rock and debris and can work in tight areas such as along docks or terminals. Clamshell dredges with specialized buckets are ideally suited to handle softer silts and maintenance material requiring environmentally controlled excavation and disposal. Additionally, the Company owns an electric clamshell dredge which provides an advantage in those markets with stringent emissions standards. 
 Scows. The Company has the largest fleet of material barges in the domestic industry, which provides cost advantages when dredged material is required to be disposed far offshore or when material requires controlled disposal. The Company uses scows with its hydraulic dredges and mechanical dredges. Scows are an efficient and cost-effective way to move material and increase dredging production. The Company has twelve scows in its fleet with a capacity ranging from 5,000 to 8,800 cubic yards. The Company placed into service three new scows during 2022, each 7,100 cubic yards in size. 
 6 
 
 In addition, the Company has numerous pieces of smaller equipment that support its dredging operations. Great Lakes domestic dredging fleet is typically positioned on the East and Gulf Coasts, with a smaller number of vessels occasionally positioned on the West Coast, and with many of the rivers lakes dredges on inland rivers and lakes. The mobility of the fleet enables the Company to move equipment in response to changes in demand. 
 The Company continually assesses its need to upgrade and expand its dredging fleet to take advantage of improving technology and to address the changing needs of the dredging market, and retire older, less efficient dredges. 
 The Company is also committed to a reliability-assured maintenance program, which it believes is reflected in the long lives of most if its equipment and its low level of unscheduled downtime on jobs. To the extent that market conditions warrant the expenditures, Great Lakes can prolong the useful life of its vessels. 
 Certification of equipment by the U.S. Coast Guard and establishment of the permissible loading capacity by the American Bureau of Shipping A.B.S. are important factors in the Company s dredging business. Many projects, such as coastal protection projects with offshore sand borrow sites and dredging projects in exposed entrance channels or with offshore disposal areas, are restricted by federal regulations to be performed only by dredges or scows that have U.S. Coast Guard certification and a load line established by A.B.S. The certifications indicate that the dredge is structurally capable of operating in open waters. The Company has more certified dredging vessels than any of the Company s domestic competitors and makes substantial investments to maintain these certifications. 
 Seasonality 
 Seasonality generally does have a significant impact on the Company s operations. However, many East Coast coastal protection projects are limited by environmental windows that require work to be performed in winter months to protect wildlife habitats. The Company can mitigate the impact of these environmental restrictions to a certain extent because the Company has the flexibility to reposition its equipment to project sites, if available, that are not limited by these restrictions. In addition, rivers and lakes in the northern U.S. freeze during the winter, significantly reducing the Company s ability to operate and transport its equipment in the relevant geographies. Fish spawning and flooding can affect dredging operations as well. 
 Weather 
 The Company s ability to perform its contracts may depend on weather conditions. Inclement or hazardous weather conditions can delay the completion of a project, can result in disruption or early termination of a project, unanticipated recovery costs or liability exposure and additional costs. As part of bidding on fixed-price contracts, the Company makes allowances, consistent with historical weather data, for project downtime due to adverse weather conditions. In the event that the Company experiences adverse weather beyond these allowances, a project may require additional days to complete, resulting in additional costs and decreased gross profit margins. Conversely, favorable weather can accelerate the completion of the project, resulting in cost savings and increased gross profit margins. Typically, Great Lakes is exposed to significant weather in the first and fourth quarters, and certain projects are required to be performed in environmental windows that occur during these periods. See Business-Seasonality above. 
 Weather is difficult to predict and historical records exist for only the last 100-125 years. Changes in weather patterns may cause a deviation from project weather allowances on a more frequent basis and consequently increase or decrease gross profit margin, as applicable, on a project-by-project basis. In a typical year, the Company works on many projects in multiple geographic locations and experiences both positive and negative deviations from project weather allowances. Recent years have seen a marked change in weather patterns, particularly in the Northeastern U.S., which has adversely impacted our projects. 
 Backlog 
 The Company s contract backlog represents its estimate of the revenues that will be realized under the portion of the contracts remaining to be performed. These estimates are based primarily upon the time and costs required to mobilize the necessary assets to and from the project site, the amount and type of material to be dredged and the expected production capabilities of the equipment performing the work. However, these estimates are necessarily subject to variances based upon actual circumstances. Because of these factors, as well as factors affecting the time required to complete each job, backlog is not always indicative of future revenues or profitability. In addition, a significant amount of the Company s backlog relates to federal government contracts, which can be canceled at any time without penalty, subject to the Company s right, in some cases, to recover the Company s actual committed costs and profit on work performed up to the date of cancellation. The Company s backlog may fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter based upon the type and size of the projects the Company is awarded from the bid market. A quarterly increase or decrease of the Company s backlog does not necessarily result in an improvement or a deterioration of the Company s business. The Company s backlog includes only those projects for which the Company has obtained a signed contract with the customer. The components of the Company s backlog including dollar amount and other related information are addressed in more detail in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Bidding Activity and Backlog. 
 7 
 
 Human Capital Management 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company employed 426 full-time salaried and non-exempt personnel in the U.S., including those in a corporate function. In addition, the Company employs U.S. hourly personnel, most of whom are unionized, on a project-by-project basis. Crews are generally available for hire on relatively short notice. During 2022, the Company employed an average of approximately 750 hourly personnel to meet domestic project requirements. 
 The U.S. salary and non-exempt full-time employees are comprised of approximately 90 men and 10 women. The Company's employees are based across the U.S. with several project locations on the coasts and office locations in Houston, Texas; Oakbrook Terrace, Illinois; Staten Island, New York; and Jacksonville, Florida. Based on self-reporting, employee demographics are composed of approximately 65 White, 16 Hispanic or Latino, 13 African American or Black, 3 Asian, less than 1 American Indian or Alaska Native and less than 1 Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander. 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company employed 2 foreign nationals and 1 local staff to manage and administer its Middle East operations. During 2022, the Company also employed an average of 2 hourly personnel to meet project requirements in the Middle East. 
 The Company seeks to attract, select, hire, retain, incentivize, and integrate our existing and future employees. To achieve our goal of attracting and retaining the most talented employees in the industry, we offer a respectful and safe work environment with competitive compensation and benefits that support employees physical, financial, and emotional health. The principal objective of our equity incentive plans is to attract, retain and motivate executives and selected employees through the granting of stock-based compensation awards. We offer employees benefits including a 401(k) plan with employer contributions; health, life, and disability insurance; additional voluntary insurance; paid time off, parental leave; and paid employee assistance programs. 
 Safety 
 Safety is a core value at GLDD, and our Incident Injury Free (IIF safety approach management program is integrated into all aspects of our culture. The Company s safety culture is committed to training, behavioral based awareness and mutual responsibility for the wellbeing of its employees. The Company s goal is sustainable safety excellence. Incident prevention in all areas has top priority in the Company s business planning, in the overall conduct of its business, and in the operation and maintenance of our equipment (marine and land) and facilities. 
 During the recent COVID-19 pandemic, the health and safety of our employees is our primary goal. Our commitment to health and safety reaches far beyond our employees and embraces their families, our customers, and our community. The unique nature of our business requires many of our employees to live and work in close proximity to one another. We instituted and strictly adhere to rigorous measures designed to provide our employees with a safe working environment and allow them to safely execute tasks. 
 Relocation of our Corporate Headquarters 
 The move of the Company s headquarters from Oakbrook Terrace, Illinois, to Houston, Texas, was substantially completed in 2021, although some support staff members remain in Oakbrook Terrace. While one of the objectives of the relocation was improving our ability to secure more public and private business opportunities in our core coastal areas, including the Gulf of Mexico, our relocation also provided us access to a unique talent pool that has roots in the maritime industries as well as world class engineering experience and innovation. Access to research and development initiatives at Texas A M University, boasting the only dredging-focused course of study in the United States, is only 90 miles away, and two other campuses with emphasis on coastal and offshore studies are also nearby. The region is known for its robust community college and technical school system that provides skilled labor and training to the maritime trades. Our new Houston location allows us to increase our engagement with other local maritime businesses, giving us the opportunity to learn and improve by sharing the best industry practices for safety, operations, and innovation. 
 Unions 
 The Company is a party to numerous collective bargaining agreements in the U.S. that govern its relationships with its unionized hourly workforce. However, two unions represent a large majority of our dredging employees - the International Union of Operating Engineers IUOE Local 25 and the Seafarers International Union. The Company s master and ancillary contracts with IUOE Local 25 expire in September 2024. Our agreements with the Seafarers International Union expire in February 2023, however, negotiations began in January for a renewal agreement to be effective on March 1, 2023 and the Company expects that the membership will have a tentative agreement before expiration of the current agreement. The Company has not experienced any major labor disputes in the past five years and believes it has good relationships with the unions that represent a significant number of its hourly employees; however, there can be no assurances that the Company will not experience labor strikes or disturbances in the future. 
 Government Regulations 
 The Company is subject to government regulations pursuant to the Dredging Act, the Jones Act, the Shipping Act, 1916 (the Shipping Act and the vessel documentation laws set forth in Chapter 121 of Title 46 of the United States Code. These statutes require vessels engaged in dredging in the navigable waters of the United States to be documented with a coastwise endorsement, to be owned and controlled by U.S. citizens, to be manned by U.S. crews, and to be built in the United States. The U.S. citizen ownership 
 8 
 
 and control standards require the vessel-owning entity to be at least 75 U.S. citizen owned and prohibit the chartering of the vessel to any entity that does not meet the 75 U.S. citizen ownership test. 
 Environmental Matters 
 The Company s operations, facilities and vessels are subject to various environmental laws and regulations related to, among other things: dredging operations; the disposal of dredged material; protection of wetlands; storm water and waste water discharges; and air emissions. The Company is also subject to laws designed to protect certain marine species and habitats. Compliance with these statutes and regulations can delay appropriation and/or performance of particular projects and increase related project costs. Non-compliance can also result in fines, penalties and claims by third parties seeking damages for alleged personal injury, as well as damages to property and natural resources. 
 Certain environmental laws such as the U.S. Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980, the Clean Water Act and the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 impose strict and, under some circumstances joint and several, liability on owners and operators of facilities and vessels for investigation and remediation of releases and discharges of regulated materials, and also impose liability for related damages to natural resources. The Company s past and ongoing operations involve the use, and from time to time the release or discharge, of regulated materials which could result in liability under these and other environmental laws. The Company has remediated known releases and discharges as deemed necessary, but there can be no guarantee that additional costs will not be incurred if, for example, third party claims arise or new conditions are discovered. 
 The Company s projects may involve remediation, demolition, excavation, transportation, management and disposal of hazardous waste and other regulated materials. Various laws strictly regulate the removal, treatment and transportation of hazardous water and other regulated materials and impose liability for human health effects and environmental contamination caused by these materials. The Company takes steps to limit its potential liability by hiring qualified subcontractors from time to time to remove such materials from our projects, and some project contracts require the client to retain liability for hazardous waste generation. 
 Based on the Company s experience and available information, the Company believes that the future cost of compliance with existing environmental laws and regulations (and liability for known environmental conditions) will not have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows. However, the Company cannot predict what environmental legislation or regulations will be enacted in the future, how existing or future laws or regulations will be enforced, administered or interpreted, or the amount of future expenditures that may be required to comply with these environmental or health and safety laws or regulations or to respond to newly discovered conditions, such as future cleanup matters or other environmental claims. 
 Information about our Executive Officers 
 The following table sets forth the names and ages of all of the Company s executive officers and the positions and offices presently held by them. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 

Lasse J. Petterson 
 
 66 
 
 President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 

Scott Kornblau 
 
 51 
 
 Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Treasurer 

David Johanson 
 
 51 
 
 Senior Vice President, Project Acquisition Operations 

Christopher G. Gunsten 
 
 53 
 
 Senior Vice President, Project Services Fleet Engineering 

Eleni Beyko 
 
 57 
 
 Senior Vice President, Offshore Wind 

Vivienne R. Schiffer 
 
 63 
 
 Senior Vice President, Chief Legal Officer Chief Compliance Officer 

James J. Tastard 
 
 58 
 
 Senior Vice President, Chief Human Resources Administrative Officer 

William H. Hanson 
 
 66 
 
 Senior Vice President, Market Development 

Lasse J. Petterson, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 Mr. Petterson has served as Chief Executive Officer CEO since May 2017 and was also named President in 2020. Mr. Petterson most recently had served as a private consultant to clients in the Oil Gas sector and served as Chief Operating Officer COO and Executive Vice President at Chicago Bridge and Iron CB I from 2009 to 2013. Reporting directly to the CEO, he was responsible for all of CB I s engineering, procurement and construction project operations and sales. Prior to CB I, Mr. Petterson was CEO of Gearbulk, Ltd., a privately held company that owns and operates one of the largest fleets of gantry craned open hatch bulk vessels in the world. He was also President and COO of AMEC Inc. Americas, a subsidiary of AMEC plc, a British multinational consulting, engineering and project management company. Prior to joining AMEC, Mr. Petterson served in various executive and operational positions for Aker Maritime, Inc., the deepwater division of Aker Maritime ASA of Norway over the course of 20 years. He spent the first nine years of his career in various positions at Norwegian Contractors, an offshore oil gas platform contractor. Mr. Petterson holds both master s and bachelor s degrees from the Norwegian University of Technology. 
 9 
 
 Scott Kornblau, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
 Mr. Kornblau was named Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer CFO when he joined the Company in October 2021 and was additionally named Treasurer in January 2022. In his over 25 years of professional experience prior, Mr. Kornblau has held various finance and leadership positions at Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc. Diamond ), most recently as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since July 2018. Prior to Mr. Kornblau s appointment as CFO, he held the roles of acting CFO since December 2017 in addition to his Vice President and Treasurer position at Diamond since January 2017. Mr. Kornblau earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in Accounting from the University of Texas at Austin. Mr. Kornblau is a certified public accountant. 
 
 David Johanson, Senior Vice President, Project Acquisition and Operations 
 Mr. Johanson was named Senior Vice President, Project Acquisition Operation in July 2022 after serving as Senior Vice President, Gulf Region. Before that, Mr. Johanson was promoted to Vice President and Hydraulic Division Manager in 2015 and served as Vice President Project Director of Charleston Deepening Projects from 2018-2020, which included the largest dredging contract ever awarded by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers. He joined the Company in 1994 as a field engineer and has held positions of increasing responsibility in project management. Mr. Johanson earned a Bachelor of Science degree in Ocean Engineering from the Virginia Polytechnic Institute State University and a MBA with a finance specialization from the University of South Carolina. He is a current board member of the Western Dredging Association Eastern Branch and is a member of American Society of Civil Engineers. 
 
 Christopher G. Gunsten, Senior Vice President, Project Services and Fleet Engineering 
 Mr. Gunsten was appointed to the position of Senior Vice President, Project Services Fleet Engineering in July 2022 after serving as Senior Vice President, Project Services. Previously he served as Vice President, International Operations with responsibility for acquiring projects, providing estimation data and leading field supervision of work in progress. Mr. Gunsten began his career with the Company as a field engineer in 1992. His career highlights include serving as Deputy Project Manager for Chevron s Wheatstone LNG Project s Engineering, Procure and Construct dredging subcontract in Onslow, WA, Australia valued at 1.2 billion AUD, as Project Manager executing a series of capital projects for the USACE New York District s 45 and 50 Foot Harbor Deepening Programs and as Operations Manager for the Company's resund Fixed Link Project in Copenhagen, Denmark. He received his Bachelor of Science degree in Civil Engineering from Rutgers University and his MBA from Loyola University Chicago. 
 
 Eleni Beyko, Senior Vice President, Offshore Wind 
 Ms. Beyko joined Great Lakes in January 2021 as Senior Vice President, Offshore Wind, and is responsible for Offshore Wind strategy and business development, as well as leading the Company's Offshore Wind Operations. Ms. Beyko has over 20 years experience in program engineering, business leadership, and project execution for the automobile and offshore oil and gas markets. Her experience has also included Engineering, Technical Manager, Research Development Offshore Technology, and offshore projects. She most recently served as Director, Energy Transition for Americas at TechnipFMC. At TechnipFMC, she was responsible for positioning TechnipFMC to support the transition into new and economically viable wind energy resources, and managing the Makani wind-borne energy spar offshore platform installation in partnership with Shell and Google X. Ms. Beyko graduated with a Diploma from National Technical University Athens in Mechanical Engineering, Naval Architecture Marine Engineering. She attended the University of Michigan where she earned her MSE, Naval Architecture and Marine Engineering, MSE Applied Mechanics, Mechanical Engineering, Master of Business Administration (MBA) and Ph.D., Naval Architecture and Marine Engineering. 
 Vivienne R. Schiffer, Senior Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and Chief Compliance Officer 
 Ms. Schiffer was named Senior Vice President, Chief Legal Officer, Chief Compliance Officer and Corporate Secretary in December 2020 when she joined the Company. Ms. Schiffer leads the Company's legal and compliance organization, providing legal counsel. Ms. Schiffer s specific responsibilities include the oversight of corporate governance, policy and regulatory strategy development, litigation, environmental matters, intellectual property, global corporate compliance and labor and employment laws. Ms. Schiffer was a corporate and securities partner in the global firm of Thompson Knight, LLP, now Holland Knight, LLP, from 2003 to 2010. She was of counsel in the firm s corporate and securities section from 2011 until 2020. She has over 39 years of experience and has held significant legal, business and operational leadership roles in the industrials sector. Ms. Schiffer earned a Bachelor of Science degree from the University of Central Arkansas and a Juris Doctor degree from Tulane University. 
 10 
 
 James J. Tastard, Senior Vice President, Chief Human Resources and Administrative Officer 
 Mr. Tastard was named Senior Vice President and Chief Human Resources and Administrative Officer in October 2020. He is responsible for the Company s Human Resources organization, talent management, leadership development and learning, compensation and benefits, employee relations, and payroll. Mr. Tastard most recently served as President and Founder of High Performance Network, LLC since 2018 as a strategic talent and leadership consultant. Prior to consulting, he worked as Senior Vice President, Chief Human Resource Officer at Geokinetics, a global seismic oil and gas exploration company, from 2017 to 2018. From 2014 to 2016, Mr. Tastard was Vice President of Human Resources at Freeport LNG and from 2010 to 2014, Mr. Tastard was Vice President of Human Resources at Statoil (now Equinor). Prior to Statoil, between 2002 to 2009, Mr. Tastard was Senior Vice President Human Resources and Health, Safety and Environment at Aker Solutions. Mr. Tastard earned a bachelor s degree from California State University, Long Beach, an MBA from the University of Phoenix and a Ph.D. in Business, Organization and Management from Capella University. 
 William H. Hanson, Senior Vice President, Market Development 
 Mr. Hanson was named the Senior Vice President, Market Development in January 2023 after serving as Senior Vice President - Government Relations Business Development, a position he had held since March 2020. He was named Vice President of the Company in 2004. Mr. Hanson worked for Connolly Pacific of Long Beach, California before joining GLDD in 1988. Prior to his work at Connolly Pacific, Mr. Hanson was with the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers. Mr. Hanson serves on several Federal Advisory Committees as well as on boards of groups with national and regional interest to the Company and several academic advisory boards related to ocean and coastal engineering. Mr. Hanson is an Ocean Engineering graduate of Texas A M University where he was named a distinguished alumnus in 2013. 
 
 Availability of Information 
 You may read and obtain copies of any materials Great Lakes files with the SEC, including without limitation, the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports, free of charge, at the SEC s website, www.sec.gov . Great Lakes SEC filings are also available to the public, free of charge, on our corporate website, www.gldd.com , at Investors Financials Filings , as soon as reasonably practicable after Great Lakes electronically files such material with, or furnishes it to, the SEC. The reference to the Company s website does not constitute incorporation by reference of information contained on or accessible through such website. 
 Item 1A. Ri sk Factors. 
 The following risk factors address the material risks and uncertainties concerning our business. You should carefully consider the following risks and other information contained or incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K when evaluating our business and financial condition and an investment in our common stock. Should any of the following risks or uncertainties develop into actual events, such developments could have material adverse effects on our business, financial condition, cash flows or results of operations. Risks not currently known to the Company or that the Company currently deems to be immaterial may also materially and adversely affect the Company's business, operating results, financial condition and the actual outcome of matters as to which forward-looking statements are made in this report. 
 We have grouped our Risk Factors under captions that we believe describe various categories of potential risk. For the reader s convenience, we have not duplicated risk factors that could be considered to be included in more than one category. 
 Risk Factor Summary 
 The following is a summary of the principal risks that could adversely affect, or have adversely affected, the Company s business, operating results and financial condition: 
 Our ability to obtain and retain federal government dredging and other contracts, which is impacted by the amount of government funding for dredging and other projects and the degree to which government funding is directed to the Corps and certain other customers, which in turn could be impacted by extended federal government shutdowns or declarations of additional national emergencies; 

The inability of our largest customer, the Corps, to bring projects to market, which significantly impacted our results of operations in 2022; 

Our ability to qualify as an eligible bidder under government contract criteria and to compete successfully against other qualified bidders in order to obtain government dredging and other contracts; 

Significant liabilities that could be imposed were we to fail to comply with government contracting regulations, including proposed regulations which may be promulgated; 

11 
 
 Cost over-runs, operating cost inflation and potential claims for liquidated damages, particularly with respect to our fixed cost contracts; 

The timing of our performance on contracts and new contracts being awarded to us, which adversely impacted our results of operations in 2022; 

Project delays related to the increasingly negative impacts of climate change or other unusual, non-historical weather patterns, which has impacted our ability to perform projects on time and on budget in 2022; 

Unforeseen delays and cost overruns related to maintenance of our existing vessels and the construction of new vessels, including potential mechanical and engineering issues, supply chain issues and unforeseen changes in environmental regulations; 

Equipment or mechanical failures, which adversely impacted our results of operations in 2022; 

Impacts to our supply chain for procurement of new vessel build materials or maintenance on our existing vessels, which had an adverse impact on our results of operations in 2022; 

Rising costs related to inflation, particularly with the cost of materials needed for maintenance of our dredges, and increasing costs to operate and maintain aging vessels and comply with applicable regulations or standards, which significantly impacted our results of operations in 2022; 

Capital and operational costs due to environmental regulations; 

Market and regulatory responses to climate change, including proposed regulations concerning emissions reporting and future emissions reduction goals; 

Contract penalties for any projects that are completed late; 

Force majeure events, including natural disasters, pandemics and terrorists actions; 

Changes in the amount of our estimated backlog; 

Significant negative changes attributable to large, single customer contracts; 

Our ability to obtain financing for the construction of new vessels, including our new offshore wind vessel; 

Our inability to secure contracts to utilize our new offshore wind vessel; 

Any failure to comply with Section 27 of the Jones Act provisions on coastwise trade, or if those provisions were modified or repealed; 

Adverse rulings by Customs and Border Protection concerning the Jones Act or other matters impacting our business; 

Fluctuations in fuel prices, particularly given our dependence on petroleum-based products; 

Impacts of nationwide inflation on procurement of new build materials; 

Our ability to obtain bonding or letters of credit and risks associated with draws by the surety on outstanding bonds or calls by the beneficiary on outstanding letters of credit; 

The impact of COVID-19 or new worldwide infections and related responsive measures, including negative supply chain impacts; 

Acquisition integration and consolidation, including transaction expenses, unexpected liabilities and operational challenges and risks; 

Divestitures and discontinued operations, including retained liabilities from businesses that we sell or discontinue; 

Potential penalties and reputational damage as a result of legal and regulatory proceedings; 

Any liabilities imposed on us for the obligations of joint ventures, partners and subcontractors; 

Increased costs of certain material used in our operations due to newly imposed tariffs; 

Unionized labor force work stoppages; 

Any liabilities for job-related claims under federal law, which does not provide for the liability limitations typically present under state law; 

Operational hazards, including any liabilities or losses relating to personal or property damage resulting from our operations; 

12 
 
 Our ability to identify and contract with qualified MBE or DBE contractors to perform as subcontractors; 

Our substantial amount of indebtedness, which makes us more vulnerable to adverse economic and competitive conditions; 

Restrictions on the operation of our business imposed by financing terms and covenants; 

Impacts of adverse capital and credit market conditions on our ability to meet liquidity needs and access capital; 

Limitations on our hedging strategy imposed by statutory and regulatory requirements for derivative transactions; 

Foreign exchange risks, in particular, as it relates to the new offshore wind vessel build; 

Losses attributable to our investments in privately financed projects; 

Restrictions on foreign ownership of our common stock; 

Restrictions imposed by Delaware law and our charter on takeover transactions that stockholders may consider to be favorable; 

Restrictions on our ability to declare dividends imposed by our financing agreements and Delaware law; 

Significant fluctuations in the market price of our common stock, which may make it difficult for holders to resell our common stock when they want or at prices that they find attractive; 

Changes in previously recorded net revenue and profit as a result of the significant estimates made in connection with our methods of accounting for recognized revenue; 

Maintaining an adequate level of insurance coverage; 

Our ability to find, attract and retain key personnel and skilled labor; 

Disruptions, failures, data corruptions, cyber-based attacks or security breaches of the information technology systems on which we rely to conduct our business; and 

Impairments of our goodwill or other intangible assets. 

Risks Related to our Business 
 
 A reduction in government funding for dredging or other contracts, or government cancellation of such contracts, or the inability of the Corps to let bids to market could materially adversely affect our business operations, revenues and profits. 
 A substantial portion of our revenue is derived from federal government contracts, particularly dredging contracts. Revenues related to dredging contracts with federal agencies or companies operating under contracts with federal agencies and the percentage as a total of dredging revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were as follows: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Federal government revenue (in US 1,000) 

431,705 

568,980 

582,949 

Percent of revenue from federal government 

67 

78 

79 

Amounts spent by the federal government on dredging are subject to the budgetary and legislative processes. We would expect the federal government to continue to improve and maintain ports as it has for many years, which will necessitate a certain level of federal spending. However, there can be no assurance that the federal government will allocate any particular amount or level of funds to be spent on dredging projects for any specified period. In addition, Congress must approve budgets that govern spending by many of the federal agencies we support. When Congress is unable to agree on budget priorities, and thus is unable to pass the annual budget on a timely basis, Congress typically enacts a continuing resolution. A continuing resolution allows U.S. federal government agencies to operate at spending levels approved in the previous budget cycle. Under a continuing resolution, funding may not be available for new projects or may be delayed on current projects. Any such funding delays would likely result in new projects being delayed or canceled and could have a material adverse effect on our revenue and operating results. Furthermore, a failure to complete the budget process and fund government operations pursuant to a continuing resolution may result in a U.S. federal government shutdown. An extended shutdown may result in us incurring substantial costs without reimbursement under our contracts and the delay or cancellation of key projects, which could have a material adverse effect on our revenue and operating results. 
 13 
 
 In addition, potential contract cancellations, modifications, protests, suspensions or terminations may arise from resolution of these issues and could cause our revenues, profits and cash flows to be lower. Federal government contracts can be canceled at any time without penalty to the government, subject to, in most cases, our contractual right to recover our actual committed costs and profit on work performed up to the date of cancellation. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that the federal government will not cancel any federal government contracts that have been or are awarded to us. Even if a contract is not cancelled, the government may elect to not award further work pursuant to a contract. There is no guarantee that the current presidential administration or Congress will not divert funds away from the Corps or from our other customers relying on funding from the federal government. There is also no guarantee that additional national emergencies will not be declared in the future. A significant reduction in government funding for dredging or remediation contracts could materially adversely affect our business, operations, revenues and profits. 
 Further, if the Corps is unable to let bids to market, it could adversely affect our business, operations, revenues and profits. In 2022, our business was adversely impacted by the inability of the Corps to let bids to market, and that inability may continue and may adversely impact our results of operations. Additionally, most of the projects the Corps did bring to market in 2022 were lower margin maintenance projects. If the Corps does not bring higher margin capital projects to market, it may adversely impact our results of operations. 
 Our inability to qualify as an eligible bidder for government contracts or to compete successfully with other qualified bidders for certain contracts could materially adversely affect our business operations, revenues and profits. 
 The U.S. government and various state, local and foreign government agencies conduct rigorous competitive processes for awarding many contracts. Some contracts include multiple award task order contracts in which several contractors are selected as eligible bidders for future work. We will face strong competition and pricing pressures for any additional contract awards from the U.S. government and other domestic and foreign government agencies, and we may be required to qualify or continue to qualify under various multiple award task order contract criteria. Further, much of our work depends on our compliance with environmental and other regulations. Any claim by the government that we have violated any laws or regulations could result in our suspension or debarment from bidding for or being awarded government contracts. Our inability to qualify as an eligible bidder under government contract criteria could preclude us from competing for certain government contract awards. In addition, our inability to qualify as an eligible bidder, or to compete successfully when bidding for certain government contracts and to win those contracts, could materially adversely affect our business, operations, revenues and profits. 
 Our significant number of fixed-price contracts subjects us to risks associated with cost over-runs, operating cost inflation and potential claims for liquidated damages. If we are unable to accurately estimate our project costs our profitability could suffer. 
 We conduct our business under various types of contracts where costs are estimated in advance of our performance. Most dredging contracts are fixed-price contracts where the customer pays a fixed price per unit (e.g., cubic yard) of material dredged. Fixed-price contracts carry inherent risks, including risks of losses from underestimating costs, weather delays, operational difficulties, and other changes that can occur over the contract period. If our estimates prove inaccurate, if there are errors or ambiguities as to contract specifications, or if circumstances change due to, among other things, unanticipated conditions or technical problems, difficulties in obtaining permits or approvals, changes in local laws or labor conditions, inclement or hazardous weather conditions, changes in cost of equipment or materials, or our suppliers or subcontractor s inability to perform, then cost over-runs and delays in performance are likely to occur. We may not be able to obtain compensation for additional work performed or expenses incurred, or may be delayed in receiving necessary approvals or payments. Additionally, we may be required to pay liquidated damages upon our failure to meet schedule or performance requirements of our contracts. If we were to significantly underestimate the costs on one or more significant contracts, the resulting losses could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, cash flows or financial condition. 
 14 
 
 Our quarterly and annual operating results may vary significantly based on the timing of contract awards and performance. 
 Our quarterly and annual results of operations have fluctuated from period to period in the past and may continue to fluctuate in the future. Accordingly, you should not rely on the results of any past quarter or quarters as an indication of future performance in our business operations or valuation of our stock. Our operating results could vary greatly from period to period due to factors such as: 
 the timing of contract awards and the commencement or progress of work under awarded contracts; 

inclement or hazardous weather conditions, including non-historical weather patterns, particularly in the Northeastern United States, that may result in underestimated delays in dredging, disruption or early termination of projects, unanticipated recovery costs or liability exposure, and additional contract expenses; 

site conditions that differ from those presented by our customers, which results in delays or slower than anticipated progress on projects; 

planned and unplanned equipment downtime, or equipment mobilization to and from projects, including those due to the impacts of unplanned national health emergencies; 

our ability to recognize revenue from pending change orders, which is recognized only when the parties to a contract approve a modification that either creates new, or changes existing, enforceable rights and obligations of the parties to the contract; and 

environmental restrictions requiring that certain projects be performed in winter months to protect wildlife habitats. 

If our results of operations from quarter to quarter fail to meet the expectations of public market analysts and investors, our stock price could be negatively impacted. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Primary Factors that Determine Operating Profitability. 
 If we fail to comply with government contracting regulations, we could be subject to significant potential liabilities and loss of revenue. 
 Our contracts with federal, state, local and foreign governmental customers are subject to various procurement regulations and contract provisions. These regulations also subject us to examinations by government auditors and investigators, from time to time, to ensure compliance and to review costs. Violations of government contracting regulations could result in the imposition of civil and criminal penalties, which could include termination of contracts, forfeiture of profits, imposition of payments and fines and suspension or debarment from future government contracting. If we fail to continue to qualify for or are suspended from work under a government contract for any reason, we could suffer a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, cash flows or financial condition. 
 In addition, we may be subject to litigation brought by private individuals on behalf of the government relating to our government contracts, referred to in this annual report as qui tam actions, which could include claims for up to treble damages. Qui tam actions are sealed by the court at the time of filing. The only parties privy to the information in the complaint are the complainant, the U.S. government and the court. Therefore, it is possible that qui tam actions have been filed against us and that we are not aware of such actions or have been ordered by the court not to discuss them until the seal is lifted. Thus, it is possible that we are subject to liability exposure arising out of qui tam actions. 
 
 If we fail to comply with government contracting regulations, we could be subject to significant potential liabilities and loss of revenue. 
 Our contracts with federal, state, local and foreign governmental customers are subject to various procurement regulations and contract provisions. These regulations also subject us to examinations by government auditors and investigators, from time to time, to ensure compliance and to review costs. Violations of government contracting regulations could result in the imposition of civil and criminal penalties, which could include termination of contracts, forfeiture of profits, imposition of payments and fines and suspension or debarment from future government contracting. If we fail to continue to qualify for or are suspended from work under a government contract for any reason, we could suffer a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, cash flows or financial condition. 
 In addition, we may be subject to litigation brought by private individuals on behalf of the government relating to our government contracts, referred to in this annual report as qui tam actions, which could include claims for up to treble damages. Qui tam actions are sealed by the court at the time of filing. The only parties privy to the information in the complaint are the complainant, the U.S. government and the court. Therefore, it is possible that qui tam actions have been filed against us. Thus, it is possible that we are subject to liability exposure arising out of qui tam actions. 
 15 
 
 Project delays related to the increasingly negative impacts of climate change or other unusual, non-historical weather patterns has and may continue to impact our ability to perform projects on time and on budget and therefore could materially adversely affect our business operations, revenues and profits. 
 The timely and efficient performance of our projects are dependent on weather conditions. Severe storms or other weather-related problems, which are becoming increasing variable and which deviate from expected historical weather patterns as a result of climate change or other factors, can, and have, caused substantial delays on our projects. Delays, such which we experienced in 2022, may affect our ability to perform on our projects or increase the cost of our performing certain projects, and may result in our inability to perform certain projects on time and on budget. While we attempt to plan for all scenarios when bidding on projects, weather events caused by climate change or other unanticipated variables have made that planning increasing difficult. We expect that the severity of unusual storms and weather patterns will continue to fluctuate and may continue to adversely impact our ability to complete projects on time and on budget and therefore could materially adversely affect our business operations, revenues and profits. 
 
 Costs necessary to operate and maintain our vessels tend to increase with the age of the vessel, and costs of such maintenance, as well as costs associated with new build programs, may also increase due to changes in applicable regulations or standards, which could decrease our profits. 
 Capital expenditures and other costs necessary to operate and maintain our vessels tend to increase with the age of the vessel. Accordingly, it is likely that the operating costs of our vessels will increase. 
 The average age of our more significant vessels as of December 31, 2022, by equipment type, is as follows: 

Type of Equipment 
 
 Quantity 

Average Age in Years 

Hydraulic Dredges 

8 

44 

Hopper Dredges 

4 

27 

Mechanical Dredges 

5 

50 

Unloaders 

1 

39 

Drillboats 

1 

39 

Material and Other Barges 

83 

22 

Total 

102 

26 

Remaining economic life has not been presented, because it is not reasonably quantifiable. That is because, to the extent that market conditions warrant the expenditures, we can prolong the vessels lives. In our domestic market, we operate in an industry where a significant portion of our competitors equipment is of a similar age. It is common in the dredging industry to make maintenance and capital expenditures in order to extend the economic life of equipment. 
 In addition, changes in governmental regulations, safety or other equipment standards, as well as compliance with standards imposed by maritime self-regulatory organizations, standards imposed by vessel classification societies and customer requirements or competition, may require us to make significant additional expenditures. For example, if the U.S. Coast Guard enacts new standards, we may be required to incur expenditures for alterations or the addition of new equipment (e.g. more fuel-efficient engines). In order to satisfy any such requirements, we may need to take our vessels out of service for extended periods of time, with corresponding losses of revenues. 
 Equipment or mechanical failures could result in increased costs, project delays and reduced revenues. 
 The successful performance of contracts requires a high degree of reliability of our vessels, barges and other equipment. The average age of our marine fleet as of December 31, 2022 was 26 years. Breakdowns not only add to the costs of executing a project, but they can also delay the completion of subsequent contracts, which are scheduled to utilize the same assets. We operate a scheduled maintenance program in order to keep all assets in good working order, but despite this, breakdowns can and do occur, resulting in loss of revenue. For example, we experienced an unexpected engine failure on our dredge Terrapin Island , which resulted in a negative impact to our results of operations in 2022. 
 
 A pandemic, epidemic or outbreak of an infectious disease affecting our markets or impacting our facilities or suppliers could adversely impact our business. 
 
 If another pandemic, epidemic or outbreak of an infectious disease or other public health crisis were to affect our markets or facilities or those of our suppliers, our business could be adversely affected. Another pandemic could cause disruptions in and restrictions on our ability to travel, and in the future these disruptions and restrictions could restrict our ability to perform work for future projects in different locations. If an infectious disease were to have a widespread outbreak at one or more of our vessels or 
 16 
 
 facilities, our operations may be affected significantly, our productivity may be affected, key personnel necessary to conduct our operations or replacement crew may be unavailable, our ability to complete projects in accordance with our contractual obligations may be affected and we may incur increased labor and materials costs. If the shipyards with which we contract were affected by an outbreak of infectious disease, repairs of our vessels as well as new construction may be delayed and we may incur increased labor and materials costs. In addition, we may experience difficulties with certain suppliers or with vendors in their supply chains, and our business could be affected if we become unable to procure essential supplies or services in adequate quantities and at acceptable prices. 
 Our clients, which are the Corps, private clients and other federal, state or local agencies, may be impacted by a pandemic, and if prolonged, these impacts may lead to cancelations or delays in projects. Funds for dredging projects may also be diverted for public health, economic or other priorities. Overall, the potential impact of a pandemic, epidemic or outbreak of an infectious disease with respect to our markets or our facilities is difficult to predict and could adversely impact our business. 
 
 Disruptions to our supply chain affecting our markets or impacting our facilities or suppliers could prohibit procurement of materials necessary for maintenance of our existing vessels and new vessel build materials and adversely impact our business. 
 
 Supply chain issues could cause disruptions that restrict our ability to perform work for future projects. In 2022, we experienced supply chain disruptions which led to a delay in the delivery of our multifunctional all-purpose vessels multicats ). Our ability to complete projects in accordance with our contractual obligations may be affected, and we may incur increased labor and materials costs. If the shipyards with which we contract are affected, regulatory drydocking and repairs and general maintenance of our vessels, as well as new construction, may be delayed and we may incur increased labor and materials costs. In addition, we may experience difficulties with certain suppliers or with vendors in their supply chains, and our business could be affected if we become unable to procure essential supplies or services in adequate quantities and at acceptable prices. 
 Environmental regulations could force us to incur capital and operational costs. 
 Our industries, and more specifically, our operations, facilities and vessels and equipment, are subject to various environmental laws and regulations relating to, among other things: dredging operations; the disposal of dredged material; protection of wetlands; storm water and waste water discharges; transportation and disposal of hazardous wastes and other regulated materials; air emissions; and disposal or remediation of contaminated soil, sediments, surface water and groundwater. We are also subject to laws designed to protect certain marine or land species and habitats. Compliance with these statutes and regulations can delay permitting and/or performance of particular projects and increase related project costs. These delays and increased costs could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. Non-compliance can also result in fines, penalties and claims by third parties seeking damages for alleged personal injury, as well as damages to property and natural resources and suspension or debarment from future government contracting. 
 Certain environmental laws such as the U.S. Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980 and the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 impose strict and, under some circumstances, joint and several, liability on owners and lessees of land and facilities as well as owners and operators of vessels. Such obligations may include investigation and remediation of releases and discharges of regulated materials, and also impose liability for related damages to natural resources. Our past and ongoing operations involve the use, and from time to time the release or discharge, of regulated materials which could result in liability under these and other environmental laws. We have remediated known releases and discharges as deemed necessary, but there can be no guarantee that additional costs will not be incurred if, for example, third party claims arise or new conditions are discovered. 
 Our projects may involve excavation, remediation, demolition, transportation, management and disposal of hazardous waste and other regulated materials. Various laws strictly regulate the removal, treatment and transportation of hazardous waste and other regulated materials and impose liability for human health effects and environmental contamination caused by these materials. Services rendered in connection with hazardous substance and material removal and site development may involve professional judgments by licensed experts about the nature of soil conditions and other physical conditions, including the extent to which hazardous substances and materials are present, and about the probable effect of procedures to mitigate problems or otherwise affect those conditions. If the judgments and the recommendations based upon those judgments are incorrect, we may be liable for resulting damages, which may be material. The failure of certain contractual protections to protect us from incurring such liability, such as staying out of the ownership chain for hazardous waste and other regulated materials and securing indemnification obligations from our customers or subcontractors, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, revenues or profits. 
 17 
 
 Environmental requirements have generally become more stringent over time, for example in the areas of air emissions controls for vessels and ballast treatment and handling. New laws or stricter enforcement of existing laws or, the discovery of currently unknown conditions or accidental discharges of regulated materials in the future could cause us to incur additional costs for environmental matters which might be significant. 
 We may be affected by market or regulatory responses to climate change. 
 Increased concern about the potential impact of greenhouse gases GHG ), such as carbon dioxide resulting from combustion of fossil fuels, on climate change has resulted in efforts to regulate their emission. Legislation, international protocols, regulation or other restrictions on GHG emissions could also affect our customers. Such legislation or restrictions could increase the costs of projects for our customers or, in some cases, prevent a project from going forward, thereby potentially reducing the need for our services which could in turn have a material adverse effect on our operations and financial condition. Additionally, in our normal course of operations, we use a significant amount of fossil fuels. The costs of controlling our GHG emissions or obtaining required emissions allowances in response to any regulatory change in our industry could increase materially. 
 Both the Securities Exchange Commission and the Federal Acquisition Regulatory Council have proposed regulations which would require us to report emissions data from our operations. If implemented, these regulations may require a substantial outlay of capital by the Company, as well as management time and attention to ensure the Company's compliance. 
 Penalties for late completion of contracts could reduce our profits. 
 In many instances, including in our fixed-price contracts, we guarantee that we will complete a project by a scheduled date. If we subsequently fail to complete the project as scheduled, we may be liable for any customer losses resulting from such delay, generally in the form of contractually agreed-upon liquidated damages. In addition, failure to maintain a required schedule could cause us to default on our government contracts, giving rise to a variety of potential damages. To the extent that these events occur, the total costs of the project could exceed our original estimates, and we could experience reduced profits or, in some cases, a loss for that project. 
 Force majeure events could negatively impact our business, operations, revenues, cash flows and profits. 
 Force majeure or extraordinary events beyond the control of the contracting parties, such as natural and man-made disasters, as well as terrorist actions, could negatively impact the economies in which we operate. We typically negotiate contract language where we are allowed certain relief from force majeure events in private client contracts and review and attempt to mitigate force majeure events in both public and private client contracts. We remain obligated to perform our services after most extraordinary events subject to relief that may be available pursuant to a force majeure clause. 
 If a contract contains a force majeure provision, we may be able to obtain an extension of time to complete our obligations under such contract, but we will still be subject to our other contractual obligations in the event of such an extraordinary event. Because we cannot predict the length, severity or location of any potential force majeure event, it is not possible to determine the specific effects any such event may have on us. Depending on the specific circumstances of any particular force majeure event, or if we are unable to react quickly to such an event, our operations may be affected significantly, our productivity may be affected, our ability to complete projects in accordance with our contractual obligations may be affected, our payments from customers may be delayed and we may incur increased labor and materials costs, which could have a negative impact on our financial condition, relationships with customers or suppliers, and our reputation. 
 The amount of our estimated backlog may change and may not be indicative of future revenues. 
 Our contract backlog represents our estimate of the revenues that we will realize under the portion of the contracts remaining to be performed. These estimates are based primarily upon the time and costs required to mobilize the necessary assets to and from the project site, the amount and type of material to be dredged and the expected production capabilities of the equipment performing the work. However, these estimates are necessarily subject to variances based upon actual circumstances. From time to time, changes in project scope may occur with respect to contracts reflected in our backlog and could reduce the dollar amount of our backlog and the timing of the revenue and profits that we actually earn. Projects may remain in our backlog for an extended period of time because of the nature of the project and the timing of the particular services or equipment required by the project. 
 Because of these factors, as well as factors affecting the time required to complete each job, backlog is not necessarily indicative of future revenues or profitability. In addition, a significant amount of our backlog (77 as of December 31, 2022) relates to federal government contracts, which can be canceled at any time without penalty to the government, subject, in most cases, to our contractual right to recover our actual committed costs and profit on work performed up to the date of cancellation. 
 18 
 
 Below is our backlog from federal government contracts as of December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 and the percentage of those contracts to total backlog as of the same date. 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Federal government backlog (in US 1,000) 

290,694 

341,768 

390,345 

Percentage of backlog from federal government 

77 

62 

70 

Although we do not currently have any international projects, if we were to engage in a new foreign project, we may have backlog with foreign governments that use local laws and regulations to change terms of a contract in backlog or to limit our ability to receive payment on a timely basis. In addition to our United States federal contracts, our other contracts in backlog are with state and local municipalities or private companies that may have funding constraints or impose restrictions on timing. The termination, modification or suspension of projects currently in backlog could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, cash flows or financial condition. 
 Loss of a single customer contract could significantly decrease revenue. 
 Prospective customers may be incentivized to use another dredging company other than the Company. The Company could lose future contracts for work to competitors or could be forced to accept lower margins on contracts. Lower utilization, workforce reductions or asset relocations could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, cash flows or financial condition. 
 While the Company does not currently have significant operations or equipment in the Middle East, we may seek contracts there in the future. Certain factors have occurred suggesting that future revenues from projects with governments in the Middle East could decrease. The contraction in Middle East commercial and real estate development have slowed the rate of the region s infrastructure development. If the diplomatic relationship of the United States or our commercial relationship with governments in the Middle East is significantly negatively impacted or terminated, or we encounter significant difficulties in obtaining licensing or permits to do business in these countries, the Company s international revenues would be materially and adversely impacted. If the government of Bahrain or Saudi Arabia further curtails its infrastructure investment or diversifies its use of dredging vendors, our revenue from these customers could decline further. 
 Inability to obtain secure financing or financing on favorable terms for our new vessels. 
 We have previously disclosed our plans to build new vessels which requires significant capital expenditures. Unforeseen issues could arise in our ability to obtain secure financing or to obtain secure financing on terms favorable to us for building such vessels. This includes our new offshore wind vessel, the second new build hopper dredge, and other potential future vessels. The inability to obtain favorable financing may also impact our ability to bring the new vessels into service within the timeline anticipated by the Company, which may have an adverse effect on our business, financial position and/or results of operations. 
 Inability to secure contracts to utilize new offshore wind vessel. 
 We have previously disclosed the build of our new offshore wind vessel that is in progress. Our ability to obtain customers and/or contracts on terms favorable to the Company to utilize this new vessel for subsea rock installation for wind turbines could be impacted by unforeseen market conditions. As the costs to build this new vessel have already been incurred, the lack of a secure customer base and favorable secure contracts could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial position and results of operations. 
 Unforeseen delays and cost overruns could delay or halt plans to build new vessels and, as a result, negatively impact our business strategy. 
 We have previously disclosed our plans to build new vessels. Unknown mechanical or engineering issues involving new vessels could adversely affect the Company s business, operating results, cash flows or financial condition. Our future revenues and profitability will also be impacted to some extent by our ability to secure financing for new vessels and bring them into service within the timeline anticipated by the Company. The Company contracts with shipyards to build new vessels and currently has vessels under construction. Construction projects are subject to risks of delay and cost overruns, resulting from shortages of equipment, materials and skilled labor; lack of shipyard availability; unforeseen design and engineering problems; work stoppages; weather interference; unanticipated cost increases; unscheduled delays in the delivery of material and equipment; and financial and other difficulties at shipyards including labor disputes, shipyard insolvency and inability to obtain necessary certifications and approvals. Delays may also occur as a result of a shipyard giving priority to other customers. A significant delay in the construction of new vessels or a shipyard s 
 19 
 
 inability to perform under the construction contract could negatively impact the Company s ability to fulfill contract commitments and to realize timely revenues with respect to vessels under construction. Significant cost overruns or delays for vessels under construction could also adversely affect the Company s business, operating results, cash flows or financial condition. Changes in governmental regulations, safety or other equipment standards, as well as compliance with standards imposed by maritime self-regulatory organizations and customer requirements or competition, could also substantially increase the cost of such construction beyond what we currently expect such costs to be. 
 We have previously disclosed our plans to expand into the offshore wind market. Unknown changes to environmental needs and regulations and changes in the policies of the U.S. Presidential Administration could delay or halt plans to expand our new offshore wind projects, which would adversely impact our business strategy and affect the Company s operating results, cash flows or financial condition. Our future revenues and profitability will also be impacted to some extent if we are unable to obtain favorable steel prices or unable to obtain secure financing for new offshore wind vessels and bring them into service within the timeline anticipated by the Company. 
 Our business would be adversely affected if we failed to comply with Jones Act provisions on coastwise trade, or if those provisions were modified or repealed. 
 We are subject to the Jones Act and other federal laws that restrict dredging in U.S. waters and maritime transportation between points in the United States to vessels operating under the U.S. flag, built in the United States, at least 75 owned and operated by U.S. citizens and manned by U.S. crews. We are responsible for monitoring the ownership of our common stock to ensure compliance with these laws. If we do not comply with these restrictions, we would be prohibited from operating our vessels in the U.S. market, and under certain circumstances we would be deemed to have undertaken an unapproved foreign transfer, resulting in severe penalties, including permanent loss of U.S. dredging rights for our vessels, fines or forfeiture of the vessels. 
 In the past, interest groups have unsuccessfully lobbied Congress to modify or repeal the Jones Act to facilitate foreign flag competition for trades and cargoes currently reserved for U.S. flag vessels under the Jones Act. We believe that continued efforts may be made to modify or repeal the Jones Act or other federal laws currently benefiting U.S. flag vessels. If these efforts are ever successful, it could result in significantly increased competition and have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. 
 In addition, Customs and Border Protection CBP ), the federal agency that interprets the Jones Act, may issue letter rulings which adversely impact our business. In the past, CBP has issued letter rulings which have the potential to adversely impact Jones Act qualified vessels to be the exclusive operators in certain sectors of the new United States offshore wind industry. The Company has challenged these CBP letter rulings in federal court in Houston, Texas, citing the Plain Language of the Jones Act. An adverse ruling in this suit, as well as other adverse letter rulings by CBP, may adversely impact our competitive advantage in the United States offshore wind industry, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. 
 Our operating costs depend significantly on the price of petroleum-based products, and price increases could adversely affect our profits. 
 Fuel prices fluctuate based on market events outside of our control. We use diesel fuel and other petroleum-based products to operate our equipment used in our dredging contracts. Fluctuations in supplies relative to demand and other factors can cause unanticipated increases in their cost. Most of our contracts do not allow us to adjust our pricing for higher fuel costs during a contract term and we may be unable to secure price increases reflecting rising costs when renewing or bidding contracts. In addition, the International Maritime Organization issued regulations regarding use of low sulfur fuel, which has increased the demand for low sulfur fuel. We use low sulfur fuel in many of our domestic operations, and future increases in the costs of fuel and other petroleum-based products used in our business, particularly if a bid has been submitted for a contract and the costs of those products have been estimated at amounts less than the actual costs thereof, could result in a lower profit, or even a loss, on one or more contracts. 
 Our investing and operating costs depend significantly on the prices of new build and general maintenance and repair materials, and price increases due to high nationwide inflation could adversely affect our profits. 
 The prices of steel and other materials to build and develop new vessels, as well as to maintain and/or repair our existing vessels, fluctuate based on market events outside of our control, which had an adverse effect on our results of operations in 2022. Most of our new build contracts do not allow us to adjust our pricing for higher material costs during a contract term. When renewing contracts, we may be unable to secure price increases reflecting the rising costs of inflation. Such future increases in the costs of steel and other materials used to build new vessels, particularly if a bid or renewal has been submitted for a contract and the costs of the required products have been estimated at amounts less than the actual costs incurred, could result in a lower profit, or even a loss, on one or more contracts. Additionally, the increased cost of steel and other materials may adversely impact the cost of general maintenance and/or repairs of our existing vessels. 
 20 
 
 An inability to obtain bonding or letters of credit would limit our ability to obtain future contracts, which could, along with any draws on existing arrangements, adversely affect our business, operating results, cash flows and financial condition. 
 We are generally required to post bonds in connection with our domestic dredging contracts and bonds or letters of credit with our foreign dredging contracts, certain private domestic dredging contracts, and offshore wind contracts to ensure job completion if we ever fail to finish a project. We have entered into bonding agreements with the sureties, or the Sureties , pursuant to which the Sureties issue bid bonds, performance bonds and payment bonds, and provide guarantees required by us in the day-to-day operations of our dredging business. The Company currently has outstanding bonds with Argo, Chubb, Travelers, and Liberty. Historically, we have had a strong bonding capacity, but surety companies issue bonds on a project-by-project basis and can decline to issue bonds at any time or require the posting of collateral as a condition to issuing any bonds. With respect to our foreign dredging, certain private domestic dredging, and our offshore wind business, we generally obtain letters of credit under our Amended Credit Agreement. However, access to our senior credit facility under our Amended Credit Agreement may be limited by failure to meet certain levels of availability or other defined financial or other requirements. If we are unable to obtain bonds or letters of credit on terms reasonably acceptable to us, our ability to take on future work would be severely limited. 
 In connection with the sale of our historical demolition business, we were obligated to keep in place the surety bonds on pending demolition projects for the period required under the respective contract for a project. In 2017, we were notified by Zurich of an alleged default triggered on a historical demolition surety performance bond in the aggregate amount of approximately 20 million for failure of the contractor to perform in accordance with the terms of a project. Zurich drew upon the letter of credit in the amount of 20.9 million. In order to fund the draw on the letter of credit, we had to increase the borrowings on our revolving credit facility. As the outstanding letters of credit previously reduced our availability under the revolving credit facility, this draw down on our letter of credit did not impact our liquidity or capital availability. However, in the future, other defaults (or alleged defaults) triggered under any of our surety bonds could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. 
 
 We may be adversely impacted by global health concerns. 
 We have experienced, and may continue to experience, project delays and supply chain issues as a result of COVID-19 and its variants. In addition, certain of our contractors, such as shipyards and subcontractors on projects, have experienced and may continue to experience personnel issues, which might delay our new build program and maintenance of our vessels. These delays and increased costs could continue in the future, and may increase if new, more deadly, variants arise and become widespread, or if a new, unanticipated global or domestic health emergency should arise. We may have additional delays or cancelations in current or future projects. Funds for dredging projects may also be diverted for public health, economic, or other priorities. We may experience adverse impacts to our business as a result of COVID-19 and its variants, as well as currently unknown or anticipated global health emergencies, and their respective effects on global economies and financial markets, including any recession or economic downturn that has occurred or may occur in the future. 
 If another pandemic, epidemic or outbreak of an infectious disease or other public health crisis were to affect our markets or facilities or those of our suppliers, our business could be adversely affected. Another pandemic could cause disruptions in and restrictions on our ability to travel, and in the future these disruptions and restrictions could restrict our ability to perform work for future projects in different locations. If an infectious disease were to have a widespread outbreak at one or more of our vessels or facilities, our operations may be affected significantly, our productivity may be affected, key personnel necessary to conduct our operations or replacement crew may be unavailable, our ability to complete projects in accordance with our contractual obligations may be affected, and we may incur increased labor and materials costs. If the shipyards with which we contract were affected by a new outbreak of infectious disease, repairs of our vessels as well as new construction may be delayed and we may incur increased labor and materials costs. In addition, we may experience difficulties with certain suppliers or with vendors in their supply chains, and our business could be affected if we become unable to procure essential supplies or services in adequate quantities and at acceptable prices. 
 Our clients, which are the Corps, private clients and other federal, state or local agencies, may be impacted by a pandemic or other health emergency, and if prolonged, these impacts may lead to cancelations or delays in projects. Overall, the potential impact of a pandemic, epidemic or outbreak of an infectious disease with respect to our markets or our facilities is difficult to predict and could adversely impact our business. 
 21 
 
 Acquisitions involve integration, consolidation and strategic risks and may involve significant transaction expenses and unexpected liabilities, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 We may seek business acquisition activities in the future as a means of broadening our offerings and capturing additional market opportunities by our business units. We may be exposed to certain additional risks resulting from these activities. Acquisitions may expose us to operational challenges and risks, including: 
 the effects of valuation methodologies which may not accurately capture the value proposition; 

the failure to integrate acquired businesses into our operations, financial reporting and controls with the efficiency and effectiveness initially expected resulting in a potentially significant detriment to our financial results and our operations as a whole; 

the management of the growth resulting from acquisition activities; 

the inability to capitalize on expected synergies; 

the assumption of liabilities of an acquired business (for example, litigation, tax liabilities, environmental liabilities), including liabilities that were contingent or unknown at the time of the acquisition and that pose future risks to our working capital needs, cash flows and the profitability of related operations; 

the assumption of unprofitable projects that pose future risks to our working capital needs, cash flows and the profitability of related operations; 

the risks associated with entering new markets; 

diversion of management s attention from our existing business; 

failure to retain key personnel, customers or contracts of any acquired business; 

potential adverse effects on our ability to comply with terms and covenants in our existing debt financing; 

potential impairment of acquired intangible assets; and 

additional debt financing, which may not be available on attractive terms. 

We may not have the appropriate management, financial or other resources needed to integrate any businesses that we acquire. Any future acquisitions may result in significant transaction expenses and unexpected liabilities. 
 Divestitures and discontinued operations could negatively impact our business, and any retained liabilities could adversely affect our financial results. 
 As part of our strategic process, we review our operations for assets and businesses which may no longer be aligned with our strategic initiatives and long-term objectives. For example, we have divested our historical environmental infrastructure business and historical demolition business. We continue to review our assets and strategy and may pursue additional divestitures. Divestitures pose risks and challenges that could negatively impact our business, including required separation or carve-out activities and costs, disputes with buyers or potential impairment charges. We may also dispose of a business at a price or on terms that are less than we had previously anticipated or fail to close a transaction at all. Dispositions may also involve continued financial involvement, as we may be required to retain responsibility for, or agree to indemnify buyers against contingent liabilities related to businesses sold, such as lawsuits, surety obligations, tax liabilities, or environmental matters. It may also be difficult to determine whether a claim from a third party stemmed from actions taken by us or by another party and we may expend substantial resources trying to determine which party has responsibility for the claim. Under these types of arrangements, performance by the divested businesses or other conditions outside of our control could affect future financial results and such claims or conditions may divert management attention from our continuing business. 
 During the second quarter of 2014, the Company completed the sale of its historical demolition business. In connection with the sale, the Company retained responsibility for various pre-closing liabilities and obligations and may incur costs and expenses related to these items and asset recoveries. It is possible that claims, which could be material, could be made against the Company by virtue of the agreement pursuant to which the Company s historical demolition business was sold. In connection with the sale of our historical demolition business, we were obligated to keep in place the surety bonds on pending demolition projects for the period required under the respective contract for a project. As noted above, if there should be a default (or alleged default) triggered under any of the surety bonds for the historical demolition business, it could have a material adverse effect on our ability to obtain bonds and on our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. 
 22 
 
 During the second quarter of 2019, the Company completed the sale of the historical environmental infrastructure business. The Company retained responsibility for pre-closing liabilities and indemnification for breaches of our representations and warranties in the sale agreement. If the buyer made a claim against any of our indemnifications or if any payments became due in connection with any pre-closing liability, they could be material to results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. 
 If we do not realize the expected benefits or synergies of any divestiture transaction or if we underestimated the valuation of the charge related to placing an asset held for sale in discontinued operations, our consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows could be negatively impacted. Any divestiture may result in a dilutive impact to our future earnings if we are unable to offset the dilutive impact from the loss of revenue associated with the divestiture, as well as significant write-offs, including those related to goodwill and other intangible assets, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 We could face liabilities and/or damage to our reputation as a result of legal and regulatory proceedings. 
 We operate in a highly regulated environment with constantly evolving legal and regulatory frameworks. From time to time, we are subject to legal and regulatory proceedings in the ordinary course of our business. These include proceedings relating to aspects of our businesses that are specific to us and proceedings that are typical in the businesses in which we operate. 
 We are currently a defendant in a number of litigation matters, including those described in Item 3. Legal Proceedings of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In certain of these matters, the plaintiffs are seeking large and/or indeterminate amounts of damages. These matters are also subject to many uncertainties, and it is possible that some of these matters could ultimately be decided, resolved or settled adversely to the Company. An adverse outcome in a legal or regulatory matter could, depending on the facts, have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. 
 Furthermore, whether the ultimate outcomes are favorable or unfavorable, these matters can also have significant adverse reputational impacts, including negative publicity and press speculation about us, whether valid or not, which may be damaging to our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. 
 Liabilities for the obligations of our joint ventures, partners and subcontractors could materially decrease our profitability and liquidity. 
 Some of our projects are performed through joint ventures and similar arrangements with other parties. In addition to the usual liability of contractors for the completion of contracts and the warranty of our work, if work is performed through a joint venture or similar arrangement, we also have potential liability for the work performed by the joint venture or arrangement or a performance or payment default by another member of the joint venture or arrangement. In these projects, even if we satisfactorily complete our project responsibilities within budget, we may incur additional unforeseen costs due to the failure of the other party or parties to the arrangement to perform or complete work, fund expenditures, or make payments in accordance with contract specifications. In some joint ventures and similar arrangements, we may not be the controlling member. In these cases, we may have limited control over the actions of the joint venture. In addition, joint ventures or arrangements may not be subject to the same requirements regarding internal controls and internal control over financial reporting that we follow. To the extent the controlling member makes decisions that negatively impact the joint venture or arrangement or internal control problems arise within the joint venture or arrangement, it could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. 
 Depending on the nature of work required to complete the project, we may choose to subcontract a portion of the project. In our industries, the prime contractor is often responsible for the performance of the entire contract, including subcontract work. Thus, we are subject to risks associated with the failure of one or more subcontractors to perform as anticipated. In addition, in some cases, we pay our subcontractors before our customers pay us for the related services. If we choose, or are required, to pay our subcontractors for work performed for customers who fail to pay, or delay paying us for the related work, we could experience a material decrease in profitability and liquidity. 
 23 
 
 New tariffs have increased our costs and could adversely affect our business operations, revenues and profits. 
 In recent years, the United States has imposed Section 232 tariffs and other import taxes on certain steel and aluminum products, such as imported dredge-related machinery and pipes. These tariffs and other import taxes have increased the prices of these inputs. Increased prices for imported steel and aluminum products have led domestic sellers to respond with market-based increases to prices for such inputs as well. We cannot be sure of the ultimate effect such tariffs or any additional import taxes will have on our operating profits. If we are not able to pass these price increases on to our customers or to secure adequate alternative sources for such inputs on a timely basis, the tariffs and other import taxes may have a material adverse effect on our business operations, revenues and profits. 
 Our business could suffer in the event of a work stoppage by our unionized labor force. 
 We are a party to numerous collective bargaining agreements in the U.S. that govern our industry s relationships with our unionized hourly workforce. Two unions represent approximately 74 of our hourly dredging employees the IUOE Local 25 and the Seafarers International Union. The Company s master and ancillary contracts with IUOE Local 25 expire in September 2024. Our agreements with the Seafarers International Union will expire on February 28, 2023, however, negotiations began in January for a renewal agreement to be effective on March 1, 2023. While we expect that the membership will have a tentative agreement before expiration of the current agreement, we cannot be certain that will occur. The inability to successfully renegotiate contracts with these unions as they expire, or any future strikes, employee slowdowns or similar actions by one or more unions could have a material adverse effect on our ability to operate our business. 
 Liabilities imposed by federal laws for job-related claims by seagoing employees could increase our costs and reduce our profitability. 
 Substantially all of our maritime employees are covered by provisions of the Jones Act, the U.S. Longshore and Harbor Workers Compensation Act, the Seaman s Wage Act and general maritime law. These laws typically operate to make liability limits established by state workers compensation laws inapplicable to these employees and to permit these employees and their representatives to pursue actions against employers for job-related injuries in federal or state courts. Because we are not generally protected by the limits imposed by state workers compensation statutes with respect to our seagoing employees, we have greater exposure for claims made by these employees as compared to industries whose employees are not covered by these provisions. Successful claims could materially increase our costs and reduce our profitability. Further, the number and resolution of these claims could increase our insurance costs. 
 The significant operating risks and hazards inherent in the operation of our business could result in personal or property damage, which could result in losses or liabilities to us. 
 The dredging business is generally subject to a number of risks and hazards, including environmental hazards, industrial accidents, encountering unusual or unexpected geological formations, cave-ins below water levels, collisions, disruption of transportation services, flooding and unexploded ordnance. These risks could result in personal injury, damage to or destruction of, dredges, barges transportation vessels, other maritime vessels, other structures, buildings or equipment, environmental damage, performance delays, monetary losses or legal liability to third parties. We may also be exposed to disruption of our operations, early termination of projects, unanticipated recovery costs and loss of use of our equipment that may materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. 
 Our safety record is an important consideration for our customers. Some of our customers require that we maintain certain specified safety record guidelines to be eligible to bid for contracts with these customers. Furthermore, contract terms may provide for automatic termination or forfeiture of some of our contract revenue in the event that our safety record fails to adhere to agreed-upon guidelines during performance of the contract. As a result, if serious accidents or fatalities occur or our safety record were to deteriorate, we may be ineligible to bid on certain work, and existing contracts could be terminated or less profitable than expected. Adverse experience with hazards and claims could have a negative effect on our reputation with our existing or potential new customers and our prospects for future work. 
 We may be unable to identify and contract with qualified MBE or DBE contractors to perform as subcontractors, which could materially and adversely impact our financial position, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity. 
 Certain of our government agency projects contain goals for minimum minority business enterprise MBE and/or disadvantaged business enterprise DBE participation clauses. If we subsequently fail to reach our goals for the minimum MBE and/or DBE participation, we may be held responsible for breach of contract, which may include restrictions on our ability to bid on future projects as well as monetary damages. To the extent we are responsible for monetary damages, the total costs of the project could exceed our original estimates, we could experience reduced profits or a loss for that project and there could be a material adverse impact to our financial position, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity. 
 24 

Risks Related to our Financing 
 We have substantial indebtedness, which makes us more vulnerable to adverse economic and competitive conditions. 
 We currently have a substantial amount of indebtedness. As of December 31, 2022, we had indebtedness of 325.0 million, consisting of our senior subordinated notes. As of December 31, 2022, we had no borrowings on our revolving credit facility and approximately 16.4 million of undrawn letters of credit, leaving 245.7 million of additional borrowing capacity under our revolving credit facility. These figures exclude contingent obligations, including 0.7 billion of performance bonds outstanding under the Company s agreements with the Sureties and other bonding agreements. Our level of indebtedness could: 
 require us to dedicate a portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our indebtedness, thereby reducing the availability of our cash flow to fund working capital and capital expenditures, pay dividends and other general corporate purposes; 

limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and our industries; 

affect our competitiveness compared to our less leveraged competitors; 

increase our exposure to both general and industry-specific adverse economic conditions; and 

limit, among other things, our ability to borrow additional funds and issue performance letters of credit. 

We and our subsidiaries also may be able to incur substantial additional indebtedness in the future. The terms of our revolving credit facility and the indenture under which our senior subordinated notes are issued limit, but do not prohibit, us or our subsidiaries from incurring additional indebtedness. If new indebtedness is added to our current debt levels, the related risks that we and our subsidiaries now face could intensify. 
 Terms and covenants in our financing arrangements limit, and other future financing agreements may limit, our ability to operate our business. 
 The credit agreement governing our senior revolving credit facility and the indenture governing our senior notes contain, and any of our other future financing agreements may contain terms and covenants imposing operating and financial restrictions on our business. 
 For example, the maximum borrowing capacity under the Amended Credit Agreement is determined by a formula and may fluctuate depending on the value of the collateral included in such formula at the time of determination. If the value of our collateral were to decrease, our borrowing capacity on which we are able to draw additional funds or issue letters of credit could be limited. In addition, the credit agreement governing our senior revolving credit facility requires us to satisfy a fixed charge coverage ratio under certain circumstances. If we fail to satisfy such covenant, we would be in default and the lenders (through the administrative agent or collateral agent, as applicable) could elect to declare all amounts outstanding to be immediately due and payable, enforce their interests in the collateral pledged and/or restrict our ability to make additional borrowings, as applicable. The covenants in the credit agreement governing our senior revolving credit facility and the indenture governing our senior notes, subject to specified exceptions and to varying degrees, restrict our ability to, among other things: 
 incur additional indebtedness; 

create, incur, assume or permit to exist any liens; 

enter into sale and leaseback transactions; 

enter into operating leases; 

make investments, loans and advancements; 

merge, consolidate or reorganize with, or dispose of all or substantially all assets to, a third party; 

sell assets; 

make acquisitions; 

pay dividends; 

enter into transactions with affiliates; 

prepay or redeem other indebtedness; and 

issue certain types of capital stock. 

25 
 
 These restrictions may interfere with our ability to obtain financings or to engage in other business activities, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. 
 Adverse capital and credit market conditions may affect our ability to access capital and meet liquidity needs. 
 The domestic and worldwide capital and credit markets may experience significant volatility, disruptions and dislocations with respect to price and credit availability. Should we need additional funds or to refinance our existing indebtedness, we may not be able to obtain such additional funds or refinancing on acceptable terms, or at all. 
 We need liquidity to pay our operating and capital expenses, interest on our debt and remaining obligations on our new build program. Without sufficient liquidity, we will be forced to curtail our operations, and our business will suffer. The principal sources of our liquidity are cash flow from operations and borrowings under our senior revolving credit facility. Earnings from our operations and our working capital requirements can vary significantly from period to period based primarily on the mix of our projects underway and the percentage of project work completed during the period. Capital expenditures may also vary significantly from period to period. While we manage cash requirements for working capital and capital expenditure needs, unpredictability in cash collections and payments has required us in the past and may in the future require us to borrow on our line of credit from time to time to meet the needs of our operations. 
 In the event these resources do not satisfy our liquidity needs, we may have to seek additional financing. The availability of additional financing will depend on a variety of factors such as market conditions, the general availability of credit, the volume of trading activities, our credit ratings and credit capacity, as well as the possibility that customers or lenders could develop a negative perception of our long- or short-term financial prospects if the level of our business activity decreased due to a market downturn. If internal sources of liquidity prove to be insufficient, we may not be able to successfully obtain additional financing on favorable terms, or at all. 
 Regulatory requirements for derivative transactions could adversely impact our ability to hedge interest rate, currency or commodity risks. 
 We may enter into interest rate swap agreements to manage the interest rate paid with respect to our fixed rate indebtedness, foreign exchange forward contracts to hedge currency risk and heating oil commodity swap contracts to hedge the risk that fluctuations in diesel fuel prices will have an adverse impact on cash flows associated with our domestic dredging contracts. The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act Dodd-Frank and regulations adopted by a number of U.S. federal regulatory agencies created a comprehensive statutory and regulatory framework for derivative transactions, including foreign currency and other over-the-counter derivative hedging transactions. While a number of provisions of Dodd-Frank have been implemented, certain key provisions have not yet been implemented or remain subject to uncertainty. Furthermore, certain provisions of Dodd-Frank may be modified or repealed in the future. Any substantial change in the financial regulatory environment could create additional new compliance costs for us or cause us to alter the manner in which we manage risk, which could have a materially adverse effect on our business. The rules adopted or to be adopted under Dodd-Frank may significantly reduce our ability to execute strategic hedges to manage our interest expense, reduce our fuel commodity uncertainty and hedge our currency risk thus protecting our cash flows. In addition, the banks and other derivatives dealers who are our contractual counterparties are required to comply with extensive regulation under Dodd-Frank. The cost of our counterparties compliance will likely be passed on to customers such as ourselves, thus potentially decreasing the benefits to us of hedging transactions and potentially reducing our profitability. 
 We may be subject to foreign exchange risks, which could result in large cash losses. 
 We are exposed to market risk associated with changes in foreign currency exchange rates. The primary foreign currencies to which the Company has exposure are the Bahraini Dinar and the Euro. We have unhedged foreign currency exposure related to the new inclined fall-pipe vessel for subsea rock installation build, in particular, as it relates to the procurement of steel for this build. Our international contracts may be denominated in foreign currencies, which will result in additional risk of fluctuating currency values and exchange rates, hard currency shortages and controls on currency exchange. Changes in the value of foreign currencies could increase our U.S. dollar costs for, or reduce our U.S. dollar revenues from, our foreign operations. Any increased costs or reduced revenues as a result of foreign currency fluctuations could affect our profits. 
 Our investments in, and extensions of payment terms for, privately financed projects could result in significant losses. 
 We have participated and may continue to participate in privately financed projects that enable state and local governments and other customers to finance dredging, such as dredging of local navigable waterways and lakes, coastal protection and infrastructure projects. These projects typically include the facilitation of non-recourse financing and the provision of dredging, environmental, infrastructure, and related services. We may incur contractually reimbursable costs and may accept extended payment terms, extend debt financing and/or make an equity investment in an entity prior to, in connection with, or as part of project financing, and in some cases we may be the sole or primary source of the project financing. Project financing may also involve the use of real estate, 
 26 
 
 environmental, wetlands or similar credits. If a project is unable to obtain other financing on terms acceptable to it in amounts sufficient to repay or redeem our investments, we could incur losses on our investments and any related contractual receivables. After completion of these projects, the return on our equity investments can be dependent on the operational success of the project and market factors or sale of the aforementioned credits, which may not be under our control. As a result, we could sustain a loss of part or all of our equity investments in such projects or have to recognize the value of the credits at a lower amount than expected in the contract bid. 
 Risks Related to our Stock 
 Our common stock is subject to restrictions on foreign ownership. 
 We are subject to government regulations pursuant to the Dredging Act, the Jones Act, the Shipping Act and the vessel documentation laws set forth in Chapter 121 of Title 46 of the United States Code. These statutes require vessels engaged in the transport of merchandise or passengers or dredging in the navigable waters of the U.S. to be owned and controlled by U.S. citizens. The U.S. citizenship ownership and control standards require the vessel-owning entity to be at least 75 U.S.-citizen owned. Our certificate of incorporation contains provisions limiting non-citizenship ownership of our capital stock. If our board of directors determines that persons who are not citizens of the U.S. own more than 22.5 of our outstanding capital stock or more than 22.5 of our voting power, we may redeem such stock. The required redemption price could be materially different from the current price of our common stock or the price at which the non-citizen acquired the common stock. If a non-citizen purchases our common stock, there can be no assurance that they will not be required to divest the shares and such divestiture could result in a material loss. Such restrictions and redemption rights may make our equity securities less attractive to potential investors, which may result in our common stock having a lower market price than it might have in the absence of such restrictions and redemption rights. 
 Delaware law and our charter documents may impede or discourage a takeover that our stockholders may consider favorable. 
 The provisions of our certificate of incorporation and bylaws may deter, delay or prevent a third-party from acquiring us. These provisions include: 
 limitations on the ability of stockholders to amend our charter documents, including stockholder supermajority voting requirements; 

the inability of stockholders to call special meetings; 

a classified board of directors with staggered three-year terms; 

advance notice requirements for nominations for election to the board of directors and for stockholder proposals; and 

the authority of our board of directors to issue, without stockholder approval, up to 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock with such terms as the board of directors may determine and to issue additional shares of our common stock. 

We are also subject to the protections of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which prevents us from engaging in a business combination with a person who acquires at least 15 of our common stock for a period of three years from the date such person acquired such common stock, unless board or stockholder approval was obtained. 
 These provisions could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control of our company, discourage others from making tender offers for our shares, lower the market price of our stock or impede the ability of our stockholders to change our management, even if such changes would be beneficial to our stockholders. 
 Our stockholders may not receive dividends because of restrictions in our debt agreements or Delaware law. 
 Our ability to pay dividends is restricted by the agreements governing our debt, including our Amended Credit Agreement, our bonding agreements and the indenture governing our senior unsecured notes. In addition, under Delaware law, our board of directors may not authorize payment of a dividend unless it is either paid out of our surplus, as calculated in accordance with the Delaware General Corporation Law, or, if we do not have a surplus, it is paid out of our net profits for the fiscal year in which the dividend is declared and/or the preceding fiscal year. To the extent we do not have adequate surplus or net profits, we will be prohibited from paying dividends. 
 27 
 
 Significant fluctuations in the market price of our common stock may affect the ability of holders to resell our common stock at prices that they find attractive. 
 The price of our common stock on the NASDAQ Global Market constantly changes. We expect that the market price of our common stock will continue to fluctuate. The market price of our common stock may fluctuate as a result of a variety of factors, many of which are beyond our control. These factors include: 
 changes in market conditions; 

quarterly variations in our operating results; 

operating results that vary from the expectations of management, securities analysts and investors; 

changes in expectations as to our future financial performance; 

announcements of strategic developments, significant contracts, acquisitions and other material events by us or our competitors; 

the operating and securities price performance of other companies that investors believe are comparable to us; 

future sales of our equity or equity-related securities; 

changes in the economy and the financial markets; 

departures of key personnel; 

changes in governmental regulations; and 

geopolitical conditions, such as acts or threats of terrorism, political instability, civil unrest or military conflicts. 

In addition, in recent years, global stock markets have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations. This volatility has had a significant effect on the market price of securities issued by many companies for reasons often unrelated to their operating performance. These broad market fluctuations may adversely affect the market price of our common stock, regardless of our operating results. 
 Volatility in the financial markets could cause a decline in our stock price, which could trigger an impairment of the goodwill of individual reporting units that could be material to our consolidated financial statements. A significant drop in the price of our stock could also expose us to the risk of securities class action lawsuits, which could result in substantial costs and divert management's attention and resources, which could adversely affect our business. Additionally, volatility or a lack of positive performance in our stock price may adversely affect our ability to retain key employees, many of whom are awarded equity securities, the value of which is dependent on the performance of our stock price. 
 General Risk Factors 
 Our methods of accounting for recognizing revenue involve significant estimates and could result in a change in previously recorded revenue and profit. 
 We recognize revenue on our projects using generally accepted accounting principles in the United States GAAP including guidance from Revenue from Contracts with Customers, as amended (commonly referred to as ASC 606) subsequent to year-end December 31, 2017. The majority of our work is performed on a fixed-price basis. Contract revenue is recorded over time based on estimates which we develop from information known to us at the time of recording, but which may change. The cumulative impact of revisions to estimates is reflected in the period in which these changes are experienced or become known. Given the risks associated with the variables in these types of estimates, it is possible for actual costs to vary from estimates previously made, which may result in reductions or reversals of previously recorded net revenues and profits. 
 Our current insurance coverage may not be adequate, and we may not be able to obtain insurance at acceptable rates, or at all. 
 We maintain various insurance policies, including hull and machinery, pollution liability, general liability and personal injury. We partially self-insure risks covered by our policies. While we reserve for such self-insured exposures when appropriate for accounting purposes, we are not required to, and do not, specifically set aside funds for the self-insured portion of claims. We may not have insurance coverage or sufficient insurance coverage for all exposures potentially arising from a project. Furthermore, in situations where there is insurance coverage, if multiple policies are involved, we may be subject to a number of self-retention or deductible amounts which in the aggregate could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. At any given time, we are subject to Jones Act personal injury claims and claims from general contractors and other third parties for personal injuries. Our insurance policies may not be adequate to protect us from liabilities that we incur in our business. We 
 28 
 
 may not be able to obtain similar levels of insurance on reasonable terms, or at all. Our inability to obtain such insurance coverage at acceptable rates or at all could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. 
 If we are unable to find, attract and retain skilled labor and key personnel, including governance personnel, our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. 
 Our ability to attract and retain reliable, qualified personnel is a significant factor that enables us to successfully bid for and profitably complete our work. This includes members of our board of directors, management, project managers, estimators, skilled engineers, supervisors, foremen, equipment operators and laborers. The loss of the services of any of our management could have a material adverse effect on us. If we do not succeed in retaining our current key employees and attracting, developing and retaining new highly-skilled employees, our reputation may be harmed and our operations and future earnings may be negatively impacted. We may not be able to maintain an adequate skilled labor force necessary to operate efficiently and to support our growth strategy. We have from time to time experienced, and may in the future experience, shortages of certain types of qualified equipment operating personnel. We have experienced, and may continue to experience, some difficulty finding skilled labor in the current labor shortage market. The supply of experienced engineers, project managers, field supervisors and other skilled workers may not be sufficient to meet current or expected demand. If we are unable to hire employees with the requisite skills, we may also be forced to incur significant training expenses. The occurrence of any of the foregoing could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. 
 
 In addition, any abrupt changes in our management or board of directors may lead to concerns regarding the direction or stability of our business, which may be exploited by our competitors, result in the loss of business opportunities, cause concern to our current or potential customers or suppliers, or make it more difficult to retain existing personnel or attract and retain new personnel. Changes in management or the board could be time-consuming, result in significant additional costs to us and could be disruptive of our operations and divert the time and attention of management and our employees away from our business operations and executing on our strategic plan. The unexpected loss of members of our board of directors or senior management team could be disruptive to our operations, jeopardize our ability to raise additional funding and have an adverse effect on our business. The failure of our directors or any new members of our board of directors or management to perform effectively could have a significant negative impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Disruption, failure, data corruption, cyber-based attacks or security breaches of our IT systems could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 We rely on information technology IT systems in order to achieve our business objectives, including to transmit and store electronic information, to capture knowledge of our business including vessel operation systems containing information about production, efficiency and vessel positioning, to conduct our accounting, financial and treasury activities, to store historical financial, project and proprietary information, to monitor our vessel maintenance and engine systems, and to communicate within the organization and with customers, suppliers, partners and other third parties. Our portfolio of hardware and software products, solutions and services and our enterprise IT systems may be vulnerable to damage or disruption caused by circumstances beyond our control such as catastrophic events, power outages, natural disasters and computer system or network failures. The Company s IT systems may also be subject to cybersecurity attacks including malware, other computer viruses or malicious software, spoofing or phishing email attacks, attempts to gain unauthorized access to our data, the unauthorized release, corruption or loss of its data, loss or damage to its data delivery systems and other electronic security breaches. The failure or disruption of our IT systems to perform as anticipated for any reason could disrupt our business and result in decreased performance, significant remediation costs, transaction errors, loss of data, processing inefficiencies, downtime, failure to properly estimate the work or costs associated with projects, litigation and the loss of customers or suppliers. A significant disruption or failure could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, cash flows or financial condition. 
 Impairments to our goodwill or other intangible assets could negatively affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Under current accounting guidelines, we must assess, at least annually and potentially more frequently, whether the value of our goodwill and other intangible assets have been impaired. Any impairment of goodwill or other intangible assets as a result of such analysis would result in a non-cash charge against earnings, which charge could materially adversely affect our business, operating results or financial condition. We test goodwill annually for impairment in the third quarter of each year, or more frequently should circumstances dictate. A significant and sustained decline in our future cash flows, a significant adverse change in the economic environment, slower growth rates or our stock price falling below our net book value per share for a sustained period could result in the need to perform additional impairment analysis in future periods. If we were to conclude that a future write-down of goodwill or other intangible assets is necessary, then we would be required to record a non-cash charge against earnings, which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. 
 Item 1B. Unresolv ed Staff Comments. 
 None. 
 29 
 
 Item 2. Pr operties. 
 The Company owns or leases the properties described below. The Company believes that its existing facilities are adequate for its operations. 
 The Company s headquarters are located at 9811 Katy Freeway, Suites 1000 and 1200, Houston, Texas 77024 with approximately 31,336 square feet of office space that it leases with a term expiring in 2030. As of December 31, 2022, the Company owns or leases the following additional facilities: 

Location 
 
 Type of Facility 
 
 Size 
 
 Leased or Owned 

Staten Island, NY 
 
 Yard 

4.4 
 
 Acres 
 
 Owned 

Morgan City, LA 
 
 Yard 

6.4 
 
 Acres 
 
 Owned 

Norfolk, VA 
 
 Yard 

15.3 
 
 Acres 
 
 Owned 

Norfolk, VA 
 
 Yard 

16.2 
 
 Acres 
 
 Leased 

Little Rock, AR 
 
 Yard 

11.8 
 
 Acres 
 
 Leased 

Cape Girardeau, MO 
 
 Office 

726 
 
 Square feet 
 
 Owned 

Cape Girardeau, MO 
 
 Storage 

7,200 
 
 Square feet 
 
 Owned 

Cape Girardeau, MO 
 
 Yard 

18.4 
 
 Acres 
 
 Owned 

Jacksonville, FL 
 
 Office 

4,171 
 
 Square feet 
 
 Leased 

Oakbrook Terrace, IL 
 
 Office 

44,219 
 
 Square feet 
 
 Leased 

Item 3. Leg al Proceedings. 
 For additional discussion of certain litigation involving the Company, see the disclosures under Legal proceedings and other contingencies included within Note 12, Commitments and contingencies, to the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
 Item 4. Mine Saf ety Disclosures. 
 Not applicable. 
 
 30 
 
 Part II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Sto ckholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 Market Information 
 Our common stock is traded under the symbol GLDD on the NASDAQ Global Market. 
 The graph below shows the cumulative total return to stockholders of the Company s common stock during a five year period ended December 30, 2022, the last trading day of our 2022 fiscal year, compared with the return on the NASDAQ Composite Index and a group of our peers which we use internally as a benchmark for our performance. The graph assumes initial investments of 100 each on December 31, 2017, in GLDD stock (assuming reinvestment of all dividends paid during the period), the NASDAQ Composite Index and the peer group companies, collectively. 

12/31/2017 

12/31/2018 

12/31/2019 

12/31/2020 

12/31/2021 

12/31/2022 

Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corp 

100.00 

122.59 

209.81 

243.89 

291.11 

110.19 

Peer Average (see below) 

100.00 

81.72 

93.43 

124.97 

149.68 

142.66 

NASDAQ Composite Index 

100.00 

96.12 

129.97 

186.69 

226.63 

151.61 

31 
 
 The peer group in the graph above is composed of the following member companies: 

Company 
 
 Ticker 

Aegion Corporation (prior to acquisition by New Mountain Capital, LLC on May 17, 2021) 
 
 AEGN 

Ameresco 
 
 AMRC 

Argan, Inc. 
 
 AGX 

Badger Daylighting Ltd 
 
 BADFF 

Construction Partners Inc 
 
 ROAD 

Helix Energy Solutions group, Inc. 
 
 HLX 

Helmerich Payne, Inc. 
 
 HP 

Hill International 
 
 HIL 

IES Holdings 
 
 IESC 

Infrastructure Energy Alternatives (prior to acquisition by MasTec Inc on October 7, 2022) 
 
 IEA 

Limbach Holdings 
 
 LMB 

Logistec Corporation 
 
 LGT 

Matrix Service Company 
 
 MTRX 

Mistras Group 
 
 MG 

MYR Group Inc. 
 
 MYRG 

NV5 Global Inc 
 
 NVEE 

Oceaneering International, Inc. 
 
 OII 

Orion Marine Group, Inc. 
 
 ORN 

Seacor Holdings (prior to merger with U.S. Shipping Corp on August 13, 2021) 
 
 CKH 

Sterling Construction Company, Inc. 
 
 STRL 

Team, Inc. 
 
 TISI 

Tidewater Inc. 
 
 TDW 

Given the usage of this peer group for compensation purposes and the fact that each peer is a capital-intensive business, the Company deems it appropriate to also use this peer group for showing the comparative cumulative total return to stockholders of Great Lakes. 
 Holders of Record 
 As of February 14, 2023, the Company had approximately 17 shareholders of record of the Company s common stock. A substantial number of holders of the Company s common stock are street name or beneficial holders, whose shares are held of record by banks, brokers and other financial institutions. 
 Dividends 
 The Company does not currently pay dividends to its common stockholders. The declaration and payment of future dividends will be at the discretion of Great Lakes board of directors and depends on many factors, including general economic and business conditions, the Company s strategic plans, financial results and condition, legal requirements including restrictions and limitations contained in the Company s senior credit agreement, bonding agreements and the indenture relating to the senior unsecured notes and other factors the board of directors deems relevant. Accordingly, the Company cannot ensure the size of any such dividend or that the Company will pay any future dividend. 
 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 The Company did not repurchase any shares of its common stock during the quarter ended December 31, 2022. 
 Item 6. [ Reserved] 

32 
 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis o f Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 Overview 
 
 Great Lakes is the largest provider of dredging services in the United States which is complemented with a long history of performing significant international projects. The Company is also fully engaged in expanding its core business into the rapidly developing offshore wind energy industry. The Company operates in one operating segment, which is also the Company s one reportable segment and reporting unit. 
 
 Dredging generally involves the enhancement or preservation of the navigability of waterways or the protection of shorelines through the removal or replenishment of soil, sand or rock. Domestically, our work generally is performed in coastal waterways and deep water ports. The U.S. dredging market consists of four primary types of work: capital, coastal protection, maintenance and rivers lakes . Capital dredging consists primarily of port expansion projects, which involve the deepening of channels and berthing basins to allow access by larger, deeper draft ships and the provision of land fill used to expand port facilities. In addition to port work, capital projects also include coastal restoration and land reclamations, trench digging for pipelines, tunnels, and cables and other dredging related to the construction of breakwaters, jetties, canals and other marine structures. Coastal protection projects generally involve moving sand from the ocean floor to shoreline locations where erosion threatens shoreline assets. Maintenance dredging consists of the re-dredging of previously deepened waterways and harbors to remove silt, sand and other accumulated sediments. Due to natural sedimentation, most channels generally require maintenance dredging every one to three years, thus creating a recurring source of dredging work that is typically non-deferrable if optimal commercial navigability is to be maintained. In addition, severe weather such as hurricanes, flooding and droughts can also cause the accumulation of sediments or severe erosion and drive the need for maintenance and coastal protection dredging. Rivers lakes dredging and related operations typically consist of lake and river dredging, flood control dredging, inland levee and construction dredging, environmental restoration and habitat improvement and other marine construction projects. 
 
 The Company s bid market is defined as the aggregate dollar value of domestic dredging projects on which we bid or could have bid if not for capacity constraints or other considerations bid market ). We experienced an average combined bid market share in the U.S. of 35 over the prior three years, including 49 , 54 , 17 and 23 of the domestic capital, coastal protection, maintenance and rivers lakes sectors, respectively. 
 The Company s largest domestic customer is the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers (the Corps ), which has responsibility for federally funded projects related to navigation and flood control of U.S. waterways. Multi-jurisdictional cost sharing arrangements are allowing the Corps to utilize funds from sources other than the federal budget to prioritize additional projects where waterway infrastructure improvements can have an impact to large regions. Although some of a project s funding may ultimately be derived from multiple sources, the Corps maintains the authority over the project and is our customer. In 2022, our revenues earned from contracts with federal government agencies were approximately 67 of total revenue, down from our prior three-year average of 79 . 
 
 The Company s fleet, which includes 17 dredges, 17 material transportation barges, one drillboat, and numerous other support vessels, is the largest and most diverse fleet of any U.S. dredging company. Our fleet of dredging equipment can be utilized on one or many types of work and in various geographic locations. This flexible approach to our fleet utilization, driven by the project scope and equipment, enables us to move equipment in response to changes in demand for dredging services to take advantage of the most attractive opportunities. 
 
 The Company s vessels are subject to periodic regulatory dry dock inspections to verify that the vessels have been maintained in accordance with the rules of the U.S. Coast Guard and the American Bureau of Shipping ABS and that recommended repairs have been satisfactorily completed. Regulatory dry dock frequency is a statutory requirement mandated by the U.S. Coast Guard and the ABS. The Company s vessels undergo regulatory dry-docks every two to three years or every five years, depending on the vessel type and may also go into dry dock on an as-needed basis for upgrades, maintenance and repairs. The Company experienced regulatory dry dock inspections on five dredges in 2022. In addition, we performed emission upgrades, which required dry docking, to another vessel in preparation for a project. 
 
 The Company plans to participate in the offshore wind market, and in November 2021, the Company entered into a 197 million contract with Philly Shipyard to build the first U.S. flagged Jones Act compliant, inclined fall-pipe vessel for subsea rock installation for wind turbine foundations which is expected to be delivered and operational in the first half of 2025. This vessel represents a significant critical advancement in building the U.S. logistics infrastructure to support the future of the new U.S. offshore wind industry. The Company has begun bidding on select projects in the offshore wind market and on July 14, 2022, the Company, in consortium with Van Oord, entered into its first contract with Empire Offshore Wind, a joint venture between Equinor and BP, to perform subsea rock installation work for the Empire I and Empire II offshore wind farms in New York in 2025 and 2026. These wind farms are expected to provide over 2 Gigawatts GW of renewable energy to the state of New York, which is enough renewable energy to power more than one million households in New York. 
 33 

In 2021, the current presidential administration announced the ambitious goal of 30 GW of Offshore Wind by 2030 and provided 3.0 billion in federal loan guarantees for offshore wind projects. Great Lakes continues to tender bids on multiple offshore wind projects for our subsea rock installation vessel and additional contract awards are anticipated in 2023. 
 
 During the recent COVID-19 pandemic, the health and safety of our employees was and remains our primary goal. Our commitment to health and safety reaches far beyond our employees and embraces their families, our customers, and our community. The unique nature of our business requires many of our employees to live and work in close proximity to one another. We instituted and strictly adhere to rigorous measures designed to provide our employees with a safe working environment and allow them to safely execute tasks. Direct COVID-19 related costs were approximately 1.5 million and 9.9 million for the years ending December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Contract Revenues 
 Most of the Company s contracts are obtained through competitive bidding on terms specified by the party inviting the bid. The types of equipment required to perform the specified service, project site conditions, the estimated project duration, seasonality, location and complexity of a project affect the cost of performing the contract and the price that contractors will bid. 
 Fixed-price contracts, which comprise substantially all of the Company s revenue, will most often represent a single performance obligation as the promise to transfer the individual services is not separately identifiable from other promises in the contracts and, therefore, not distinct. We capitalize certain pre-contract and pre-construction costs, and defer recognition over the life of the contract. Our performance obligations are satisfied over time and revenue is recognized using contract fulfillment costs incurred to date compared to total estimated costs at completion, also known as cost-to-cost, to measure progress towards completion. Contract modifications are changes in the scope or price (or both) of a contract that are approved by the parties to the contract. We recognize a contract modification when the parties to a contract approve a modification that either creates new, or changes existing, enforceable rights and obligations of the parties to the contract. Contract modifications are included in the transaction price only if it is probable that the modification estimate will not result in a significant reversal of revenue. Revisions in estimated gross profit percentages are recorded in the period during which the change in circumstances is experienced or becomes known. As the duration of most of our contracts are one year or less, the cumulative net impact of these revisions in estimates, individually and in the aggregate across our projects, does not significantly affect our results across annual reporting periods. Provisions for estimated losses on contracts in progress are made in the period in which such losses are determined. 
 Costs and Expenses 
 The components of costs of contract revenues include labor, equipment (including depreciation, maintenance, insurance and long-term rentals), subcontracts, fuel, supplies, short-term rentals and project overhead. Hourly labor generally is hired on a project-by-project basis. The Company is a party to numerous collective bargaining agreements in the U.S. that govern our relationships with our unionized hourly workforce. 
 Primary Factors that Determine Operating Profitability 
 The Company s results of operations for a calendar or quarterly period are generally determined by the following three factors: 
 Bid wins and dredge employment The Company recognizes backlog upon a project being awarded. We begin to recognize revenues when a dredging contract commences a major activity on the project. The period prior to the commencement of a major activity for dredging projects can range from 45 days to six months depending on the complexity of the project and environmental work windows. Although our dredging fleet is subject to downtime for scheduled periodic maintenance and regulatory dry dockings, we seek to maximize our revenues by employing our dredging fleet on a full-time basis. If a dredge is idle (i.e., the dredge is not employed on a dredging project or undergoing scheduled periodic maintenance and repair), we do not earn revenue with respect to that dredge during the time period for which it is idle. 

Project and dredge mix The Company s domestic dredging projects generally involve capital, maintenance, coastal protection and rivers lakes work, while our foreign dredging projects generally involve capital work. In addition, our projects vary in duration which is generally driven by the type of work undertaken. In general, projects of longer duration result in less dredge downtime in a given period. For example, capital deepening projects generally span several years due to their complexity and environmental windows. Moreover, our dredges have different physical performance capabilities and typically work on certain types of dredging projects. Accordingly, our dredges have different daily revenue generating capacities. 

34 
 
 We generally expect to achieve different levels of gross profit margin (i.e., gross profit divided by revenues) for work performed on the different types of dredging projects and for work performed by different types of dredges. Our expected gross margin for a project is based upon our estimates at the time of the bid. Although we seek to bid on and win projects that will maximize our gross margin, we cannot control the type of dredging projects that are available for bid from time to time, the type of dredge that is needed to complete these projects, the competitive landscape at the time of bid or the time schedule upon which these projects are required to be completed. As a result, in some quarters the Company works on a mix of dredging projects that, in the aggregate, have relatively high expected gross margins (based on project type and dredges employed) and in other quarters, we work on a mix of dredging projects that, in the aggregate, have relatively low expected gross margins (based on project type and dredges employed). 
 Project execution The Company seeks to execute all of our projects consistent with or at a higher production than our as-bid project estimates. In general, our ability to achieve our project estimates depends upon many factors including soil conditions, weather, variances from estimated project conditions, equipment mobilization time periods, unplanned equipment downtime or other events or circumstances beyond our control. If we experience any of these events and circumstances, the completion of a project will often be accelerated or delayed, as applicable, and, consequently, we will experience project results that are better or worse than our estimates. We do our best to estimate for events and circumstances that are not within our control; however, these situations are inherent in dredging. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 The Company s significant accounting policies are discussed in the Notes to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The application of certain of these policies requires significant judgments or an estimation process that can affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows, as well as the related footnote disclosures. We base our estimates on historical experience and other assumptions that we believe are reasonable. If actual amounts are ultimately different from previous estimates, the revisions are included in our results of operations for the period in which the actual amounts become known. The following accounting policies comprise those that management believes are the most critical to aid in fully understanding and evaluating our reported financial results. 
 Cost-to-cost method of revenue recognition Revenue is recognized using contract fulfillment costs incurred to date compared to total estimated costs at completion, also known as cost-to-cost, to measure progress towards completion. Additionally, we capitalize certain pre-contract and pre-construction costs, and defer recognition over the life of the contract. In preparing estimates, we draw on our extensive experience in the dredging businesses. We use this experience in conjunction with the project specifications to select equipment and to design a production technique for a project. We also utilize our database of historical dredging information which includes daily costs, mobilization and dredge production references on the same or similar projects to ensure that our estimates are as accurate as possible, given current circumstances. The daily costs and project duration are significant factors in our cost estimates to complete the project. Weather events, mechanical delays or other unplanned downtime instances may cause the actual costs to complete the project to differ from these estimates. 
 Contract modifications are changes in the scope or price (or both) of a contract that are approved by the parties to the contract. We recognize a contract modification when the parties to a contract approve a modification that either creates new, or changes existing, enforceable rights and obligations of the parties to the contract. Contract modifications are included in the transaction price only if it is probable that the modification estimate will not result in a significant reversal of revenue. Contract modifications are routine in the performance of the Company s contracts. In most instances, contract modifications are for services that are not distinct, and, therefore, are accounted for as part of the existing contract. Revisions in estimated gross profit percentages are recorded in the period during which the change in circumstances is experienced or becomes known. As the duration of most of the Company s contracts is one year or less, the cumulative net impact of these revisions in estimates, individually and in the aggregate across projects, does not significantly affect results across annual reporting periods. Provisions for estimated losses on contracts in progress are made in the period in which such losses are determined. 
 
 Impairment of goodwill Goodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level on an annual basis and between annual tests if an event occurs or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of the reporting unit below its carrying value. The Company believes that this estimate is a critical accounting estimate because: (i) goodwill is a material asset and (ii) the impact of an impairment could be material to the consolidated balance sheet and consolidated statement of operations. We perform our annual impairment test as of July 1 each year. 
 When conducting the annual impairment test for goodwill, the Company can choose to assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not the fair value of the reporting unit is below its carrying value. Qualitative factors considered include macroeconomic, industry and market environments, overall financial performance and market indications of value. If a qualitative assessment determines an impairment is more likely than not, the Company is required to perform a quantitative impairment test. 
 35 
 
 Otherwise, no further analysis is required. The Company also may elect to forego this step and just perform the quantitative impairment test. 
 When performing a quantitative impairment test, the Company assesses the fair values of its reporting unit using both an income-based approach and a market-based approach. Under the income approach, the fair value of the reporting unit is based on the present value of estimated future cash flows. The income approach is dependent on a number of factors, including estimates of expected future revenue, profitability and capital expenditures related to our new build program, future market growth trends, forecasted revenues and expenses, working capital assumptions, appropriate discount rates and other variables. The market approach measures the value of a reporting unit through comparison to comparable companies. Under the market approach, the Company uses the guideline public company method by applying estimated market-based enterprise value multiples to the reporting unit s estimated trailing and forward Adjusted EBITDA. The Company analyzes companies that performed similar services or are considered peers. Due to the fact that there are no public companies that are direct competitors, the Company weighs the results of this approach less than the income approach. 
 In the current year, the Company performed both a qualitative and a quantitative goodwill impairment test. The Company performed its annual test of impairment as of July 1, 2022 and an interim test of impairment as of October 1, 2022 with no indication of impairment as of either test date. When performing the qualitative test, the Company determined that it is not more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. The Company has documented the qualitative considerations and determinations to support this conclusion. When performing the quantitative test, the Company assessed the fair values of its reporting unit using both a market-based approach and an income-based approach. The assessment used estimates based on assumptions that the Company believes to be reasonable, but such assumptions are subject to unpredictability and uncertainty. Likewise, changes in terminal value and discount rate assumptions, unfavorable economic environment or market conditions and other factors in the future may cause a different assessment. Changes in these estimates and assumptions could materially affect the determination of fair value, and may result in the impairment of goodwill in the event that actual results differ from those estimates. As of the test date, the fair value of the reporting unit was in excess of its carrying value by at least 10 . The Company will continue to monitor for changes in facts or circumstances that may impact our estimates. The Company will perform its next scheduled annual test of goodwill in the third quarter of 2023 should no triggering events occur which would require a test prior to the next annual test. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, our goodwill was 76.6 million. 
 Results of Operations Fiscal Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 The following table sets forth the components of net income attributable to common stockholders of Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation and Adjusted EBITDA, as defined below, as a percentage of contract revenues for the years ended December 31 2022, 2021 and 2020. The selected financial data presented below have been derived from the Company s consolidated financial statements; items may not sum due to rounding. 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Contract revenues 

100.0 

100.0 

100.0 

Costs of contract revenues 

(95.2) 

(80.0) 

(76.7) 

Gross profit 

4.8 

20.0 

23.3 

General and administrative expenses 

(7.9) 

(8.6) 

(8.6) 

Proceeds from loss of use claim 

0.2 

Gain (loss) on sale of assets net 

(1.2) 

0.2 

Operating income (loss) 

(4.3) 

11.4 

15.1 

Interest expense net 

(2.2) 

(3.0) 

(3.6) 

Other income (expense) 

(0.2) 

0.1 

0.2 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

(6.7) 

8.5 

11.7 

Income tax (provision) benefit 

1.4 

(1.8) 

(2.8) 

Net income (loss) 

(5.3) 

6.7 

8.9 

Adjusted EBITDA 

2.6 

17.6 

20.6 

Adjusted EBITDA, as provided herein, represents net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders of Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation, adjusted for net interest expense, income taxes, depreciation and amortization expense, debt extinguishment, accelerated maintenance expense for new international deployments, goodwill or asset impairments and gains on bargain purchase acquisitions. Adjusted EBITDA from continuing operations is not a measure derived in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP ). The Company presents Adjusted EBITDA as an additional measure by which to evaluate our operating trends. We believe that Adjusted EBITDA is a measure frequently used to evaluate performance of companies with substantial leverage and that our primary stakeholders (i.e., its stockholders, bondholders and banks) use Adjusted EBITDA to evaluate our period to period performance. Additionally, management believes that Adjusted EBITDA provides a 
 36 
 
 transparent measure of our recurring operating performance and allows management to readily view operating trends, perform analytical comparisons and identify strategies to improve operating performance. For this reason, we use a measure based upon Adjusted EBITDA to assess performance for purposes of determining compensation under our incentive plan. Adjusted EBITDA should not be considered an alternative to, or more meaningful than, amounts determined in accordance with GAAP including: (a) operating income as an indicator of operating performance; or (b) cash flows from operations as a measure of liquidity. As such, the Company s use of Adjusted EBITDA, instead of a GAAP measure, has limitations as an analytical tool, including the inability to determine profitability or liquidity due to the exclusion of accelerated maintenance expense for new international deployments, goodwill or asset impairments, gains on bargain purchase acquisitions, net interest expense and income tax expense and the associated significant cash requirements and the exclusion of depreciation and amortization, which represent significant and unavoidable operating costs given the level of indebtedness and capital expenditures needed to maintain our business. For these reasons, we use operating income to measure our operating performance and use Adjusted EBITDA only as a supplement. The following is a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to net income attributable to common stockholders of Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation (in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Net income (loss) 

(34,055) 

49,432 

66,103 

Adjusted for: 

Interest expense net 

14,108 

21,601 

26,585 

Income tax provision (benefit) 

(9,360) 

13,391 

20,187 

Depreciation expense 

46,273 

43,016 

38,183 

Adjusted EBITDA 

16,966 

127,440 

151,058 

Components of Contract Revenues 
 The following table sets forth, by type of work, the Company s contract revenues for the years ended December 31, (in thousands): 

Revenues 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Dredging: 

Capital U.S. 

342,461 

397,034 

336,163 

Capital foreign 

149 

6,596 

25,892 

Coastal protection 

192,567 

169,678 

201,361 

Maintenance 

98,077 

132,551 

148,767 

Rivers lakes 

15,527 

20,290 

21,418 

Total revenues 

648,781 

726,149 

733,601 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 Total revenue was 648.8 million in 2022, a decrease of 77.3 million, or 10.6 , from 2021 total revenue of 726.1 million. The decrease in revenues from the prior year was largely attributable to decreases in domestic capital, foreign capital, maintenance revenues and rivers lakes. This decrease was partially offset by an increase in coastal protection revenues during the current year as compared to the prior year. The Company categorizes revenue by service type to understand the market in which we operate and to assess how we are performing on bidding work or projects and are generating revenue from backlog. 
 Domestic capital dredging revenues decreased 54.5 million, or 13.7 , to 342.5 million in 2022 when compared to 2021 revenues of 397.0 million. The decrease in domestic capital dredging revenue from the prior year was primarily driven by lower revenue earned from deepening projects in Alabama, Massachusetts, Florida and South Carolina. This decrease was partially offset by an increase in revenue earned on projects in Texas and Virginia. We earned 79 of backlog relating to our domestic capital dredging operations that had been carried forward from December 31, 2021. 
 Revenues from foreign dredging operations in 2022 totaled 0.1 million, a decrease of 6.5 million, or 98.5 , from 2021 revenues of 6.6 million. We have temporarily moved out of foreign operations to focus on domestic projects and do not anticipate any foreign capital project revenue in the immediate future. 
 Coastal protection revenues were 192.6 million in 2022, an increase of 22.9 million, or 13.5 , from 169.7 million in 2021. The increase in coastal protection revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 was mostly attributable to a higher amount of revenue earned on projects in Virginia, North Carolina and New York in the current year as compared to the prior year. This increase was partially offset by a lower amount of revenue earned on projects in Florida and Louisiana in the current year compared to the prior year. We earned 86 of backlog relating to coastal protection operations that had been carried forward from December 31, 2021. 
 37 
 
 Revenues from maintenance dredging projects in 2022 were 98.1 million, a decrease of 34.5 million, or 26.0 , from 132.6 million in 2021. The decrease in maintenance revenue during the current year was mostly attributable to lower revenue earned on projects in Louisiana, Florida, and North Carolina in the current year compared to the prior year. This decrease was partially offset by greater revenue earned on projects in Mississippi and South Carolina in the current year. We earned 98 of backlog relating to maintenance dredging projects that had been carried forward from December 31, 2021. 
 Rivers lakes revenues were 15.5 million for 2022, a decrease of 4.8 million, or 23.7 , from 20.3 million in 2021. The decrease in rivers lakes revenue during the current year was mostly attributable to lower revenue earned on projects in Mississippi and Texas in the current year compared to the prior year. This decrease was partially offset by revenue earned on projects in Arkansas and Tennessee in the current year. We earned 100 of backlog relating to rivers lakes operations that had been carried forward from December 31, 2021. 
 Gross profit for the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased by 114.1 million, or 78.5 , to 31.2 million from 145.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Gross profit margin (gross profit divided by revenue) for the full year 2022 decreased to 4.8 , compared to the prior year's gross profit margin of 20.0 . The lower gross profit for 2022 was mostly driven by high inflation, supply chain delays, fewer high margin capital projects, differing site conditions, more than the usual number of weather impacts, and the high number of drydocks. Supply chain delays impacted drydockings and caused dredges to be delayed when mobilizing to their projects and rapidly increasing inflation impacted the cost of labor, cost of fuel, operating supplies, subcontractor pricing and drydockings, all of which negatively impacted gross margin. 
 General and administrative expenses totaled 51.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, down from 62.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease was mainly attributable to lower incentive pay and profit sharing from the decreased gross profit. In addition, 2022 expenses were lower for technical and consulting expenses, severance expenses and relocation expenses related to the headquarters move to Texas. 
 Operating loss was 27.7 million and operating income was 83.4 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The decrease in operating income during the year ended December 31, 2022 was a result of lower gross profit and a one-time non-cash 8.1 million loss from the write-down for an asset retirement. This is partially offset by a decrease in general and administrative expenses, as described above. 
 The Company s net interest expense for 2022 totaled 14.1 million compared to 21.6 million in 2021. The decrease in net interest expense was primarily due to the refinancing of the senior notes in May 2021 at a lower interest rate and an increase in capitalized interest due to the extensive new build program. 
 Income tax benefit in 2022 was 9.4 million, compared to an income tax provision of 13.4 million in 2021 due to the change in pretax net income. The effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 21.3 , unchanged from the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, net loss was 34.1 million compared to net income of 49.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in net income of 83.5 million, down 168.9 from 2021, was driven by a substantial decrease in gross profit, as described above. The decrease was partially offset by a 22.8 million decrease in the income tax provision resulting in net tax benefit, a 7.5 million decrease in net interest expense and a 11.0 million decrease to general and administrative expenses during the current year when compared to the prior year. 
 Adjusted EBITDA (as defined and reconciled on pages 36 and 37) was 17.0 million and 127.4 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The decrease in Adjusted EBITDA of 110.4 million, down 86.7 from 2021 was attributable to lower gross profit, excluding depreciation, partially offset by a decrease in general and administrative expenses. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2020 
 
 For a discussion comparing our consolidated operating results from the year ended December 31, 2021 with the year ended December 31, 2020, refer to Part II, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation Year Ended December 31, 2021 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2020 in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, which was filed with the Commission on February 23, 2022. 
 
 Bidding Activity and Backlog 
 The following table sets forth, by type of work, the Company s backlog as of the dates indicated (in thousands): 
 
 38 

December 31, 

December 31, 

December 31, 

Dredging backlog 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Capital U.S. 

148,429 

398,748 

320,920 

Capital foreign 

6,865 

Coastal protection 

97,819 

99,048 

97,986 

Maintenance 

125,671 

50,966 

125,090 

Rivers lakes 

5,221 

2,826 

8,515 

Total dredging backlog 

377,140 

551,588 

559,376 

Total dredging backlog does not include approximately 50,000 of performance obligations related to offshore wind contracts. The Company expects to perform on its offshore wind contracts using the inclined fall-pipe vessel for subsea rock installation which is expected to be delivered and operational in the first half of 2025. 
 
 The Company s contract backlog represents our estimate of the revenues that will be realized under the portion of the contracts remaining to be performed. These estimates are based primarily upon the time and costs required to mobilize the necessary assets to and from the project site, the amount and type of material to be dredged and the expected production capabilities of the equipment performing the work. However, these estimates are necessarily subject to variances based upon actual circumstances. Because of these factors, as well as factors affecting the time required to complete each job, backlog is not always indicative of future revenues or profitability. Also, 77 of our December 31, 2022 dredging backlog relates to federal government contracts, which can be canceled at any time without penalty to the government, subject to our contractual right to recover our actual committed costs and profit on work performed up to the date of cancellation. Our backlog may fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter based upon the type and size of the projects we are awarded from the bid market. A quarterly increase or decrease of our backlog does not necessarily result in an improvement or a deterioration of our business. Our backlog includes only those projects for which we have obtained a signed contract with the customer. 
 Approximately 100 of the Company s dredging backlog at December 31, 2022 is expected to be completed and converted to revenue in 2023. 
 The 2022 domestic dredging bid market totaled 1.97 billion, an increase of 156 million, or 8.6 , compared to the 2021 bid market total of 1.82 billion. Total domestic dredging bid market for the current year period included awards for multiple coastal protection projects in North Carolina, Florida, New York and New Jersey, another phase of the Houston channel deepening, an access channel dredging project in New Jersey, and a coastal storm risk management project. Additionally, the 2022 bid market included awards for maintenance work in Charleston harbor, a channel maintenance project in New York, a harbor maintenance project in Virginia and river maintenance projects in Arkansas and Mississippi. There were increases in domestic capital, coastal protection and maintenance projects let to bid in the current period with decreases experienced in rivers lakes projects. The Company won 26 of the overall 2022 domestic bid market, down from a 40 win rate of the overall 2021 domestic bid market and down from the win rate of 35 over the prior three years. In 2022, the Corps delayed letting bids to market and many of those projects were lower margin maintenance projects. So far in 2023, we have seen these delays continue, but we expect the bid market to return to normal levels later in the year. Variability in contract wins from period to period is not unusual. We believe trends in our win rate over the prior three-year periods provide a historical background against which current year results can be compared. 
 The Company s December 31, 2022 contracted dredging backlog was 377.1 million. This represents a decrease of 174.4 million, or 31.6 , over our December 31, 2021 backlog of 551.6 million. Backlog at the end of 2022 does not reflect approximately 584.7 million of domestic low bids pending formal award and additional phases options pending on projects currently in dredging backlog. At December 31, 2021, the amount of domestic low bids pending award was 567.3 million. Included in our low bids pending at December 31, 2022 and 2021 are two liquified natural gas LNG projects that have been awaiting Notice to Proceed from our clients. Several North American LNG export projects have been delayed in the past couple of years during the pandemic but with the increase in LNG prices, some of these LNG projects are currently gaining momentum and are targeting final investment decisions in 2023. 
 At the end of the year, the Water Resources Development Act WRDA of 2022 WRDA 2022 ), was approved by Congress and signed into law by the President. WRDA 2022 is on a two-year renewal cycle and includes legislation that authorizes the financing of Corps' projects for flood and hurricane protection, dredging, ecosystem restoration and other construction projects. WRDA 2022 featured among many other things authorization for New York and New Jersey shipping channels to be deepened to 55 feet, estimated at 6 billion, as well as the Coastal Texas Program, estimated at 30 billion. In addition, this legislation includes policy changes that will allow future port, waterways, and coastal projects to be more readily approved and funded. 
 
 The Company won 8 , or 63.8 million, of the domestic capital dredging projects awarded in 2022, compared to 64 , or 457.7 million, in the prior year. During 2022, the Company was awarded an access channel project in New Jersey for 7.0 million 
 39 
 
 and the Norfolk Harbor capital project for 56.8 million. Domestic capital dredging work made up 148.4 million, or 39 , of our December 31, 2022 contracted dredging backlog. During 2022, the Company earned revenue from deepening projects in Houston, Corpus Christi, Charleston, Jacksonville, Chesapeake Bay and Mobile which were in dredging backlog at December 31, 2021. We expect substantially all of our domestic capital dredging backlog at December 31, 2022 to be performed in 2023. We continue to see strong support from the current presidential administration and Congress for the dredging industry. In December 2022, the Omnibus Appropriations Bill for fiscal year 2023 was passed which included another record budget of 8.66 billion for the Corps' civil works program of which 2.318 billion is provided for the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund HMTF to maintain and modernize our nation s waterways. We expect these budgeted appropriations and the 2022 Corps budget to support the funding of several delayed capital port improvement projects including Sabine, Freeport, Mobile, San Juan, Houston, Corpus Christi and additional phases of Norfolk. In addition to this port work, a greater amount of coastal restoration and rehabilitation projects are being funded in the Gulf Coast region as the states utilize available monies for ecosystem priorities, a portion of which is allocated to dredging. 
 The Company won 57 , or 204.0 million, of the coastal protection projects awarded in 2022, compared to 58 , or 195.9 million, in the prior year. During 2022, the Company was awarded three coastal protection projects of 25.9 million, 20.3 million and 11.6 million in North Carolina, four coastal protection projects of 37.2 million, 28.8 million, 24.5 million and 21.5 million in New York and New Jersey, one coastal protection project of 8.5 million in Florida and one coastal protection project of 5.2 million in Virginia. We have contracted dredging backlog related to coastal protection of 97.8 million at December 31, 2022 compared to 99.0 million at the end of 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company continued to earn revenue on coastal protection projects in North Carolina, Florida, New York and New Jersey which were in dredging backlog at December 31, 2021. We expect substantially all of our coastal protection dredging backlog at December 31, 2022 to be performed in 2023. Coastal protection and storm impacts continue to provide the major impetus for coastal project investment at federal and state levels. As a result of the extreme storm systems in prior years involving Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria, Congress passed supplemental appropriations for disaster relief and recovery which includes 17.4 billion for the Corps to fund projects that will reduce the risk of future damage from flood and storm events. The Corps is beginning to provide visibility on its plans for this money, and it is expected that approximately 1.8 billion will be allocated to dredging-related work. Most of this work is anticipated to be coastal protection related, but some funding may be provided for channel maintenance. In addition, the Disaster Relief Supplemental Appropriations Act for fiscal year 2023 was approved which included 1.48 billion for the Corps to make necessary repairs to infrastructure impacted by hurricanes and other natural disasters and to initiate coastal protection projects that will increase coastal resiliency. This increased budget and additional funding support our expectation for a stronger market in 2023. 
 The Company won 26 , or 191.4 million, of the maintenance dredging projects awarded in 2022 compared to 8 , or 57.4 million, in 2021. During 2022 the Company was awarded multiple maintenance projects including four maintenance projects in South and North Carolina totaling 48.8 million, two projects in Florida totaling 29.3 million, and three projects in Texas, Louisiana, and Alabama for 20.0 million, 14.8 million and 12.2 million respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company continued to earn revenue on projects in Georgia, Florida, Louisiana, Mississippi and North and South Carolina which were in dredging backlog at December 31, 2021. Our contracted maintenance dredging backlog at December 31, 2022 of 125.7 million is 74.7 million lower than the backlog of 51.0 million at December 31, 2021 . We expect substantially all of our maintenance dredging backlog at December 31, 2022 to be performed in 2023. Past WRDA bills called for full use of the HMTF for its intended purpose of maintaining future access to the waterways and ports that support our nation s economy. On March 27, 2020, the U.S. government enacted the CARES Act which includes a provision that lifts caps on the HMTF, thereby allowing full access to future annual revenues. Through the increased appropriation of HMTF monies, the Company anticipates increased funding for harbor maintenance projects to be let for bid. 
 The Company won 48 , 59.1 million, of the rivers lakes projects in the markets where the group operates during the current year, compared to 31 , or 24.0 million, in 2021. During 2022, the Company was awarded one rivers lakes project in Arkansas. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we continued to earn revenue on projects in Mississippi, Tennessee and Arkansas which were in dredging backlog at December 31, 2021. We have contracted dredging backlog related to rivers lakes of 5.2 million at December 31, 2022, which is 2.4 million lower than the backlog of 2.8 million at December 31, 2021. We expect substantially all of our rivers lakes dredging backlog at December 31, 2022 to be performed in 2023. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 The Company s principal sources of liquidity are net cash flows provided by operating activities, availability under our revolving credit facility and proceeds from issuances of long-term debt. See Note 6, Long-term debt, to our consolidated financial statements included in Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our principal uses of cash are to meet debt service requirements, finance capital expenditures, and provide working capital and other general corporate purposes. 
 The Company s net cash provided by operating activities for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 totaled 1.7 million, 49.0 million and 78.9 million, respectively. Normal increases or decreases in the level of working capital relative to the level of operational activity impact cash flow from operating activities. The decrease in cash provided by operating activities during 
 40 
 
 2022 compared to the same period in the prior year was driven by a decrease in net income and an increase in working capital due to an increase in inventories during the current year when compared to the same period in the prior year. Cash provided by operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 was down compared to 2020 due to lower net income and higher working capital during 2021. 
 The Company s net cash flows used in investing activities for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 totaled 140.9 million, 112.2 million and 43.2 million, respectively. Investing activities in all periods primarily relate to normal course upgrades and capital maintenance of our dredging fleet. The Company is currently building a 6,500 cubic yard trailing suction hopper dredge, the Galveston Island , which is expected to be operational mid-year 2023, additionally, in June 2022 the Company exercised the contract option with the same builder to build a second 6,500 cubic yard trailing suction hopper dredge, the Amelia Island , with expected delivery in the first half of 2025. The delivery of the new Galveston Island and Amelia Island hopper dredges will provide the Company with added capacity and the opportunity to potentially retire older dredges. In November 2021, the Company entered into a 197 million contract with Philly Shipyard to build the first U.S. flagged Jones Act compliant, inclined fall-pipe vessel for subsea rock installation for wind turbine foundations to support the new U.S. offshore wind industry which is expected to be delivered and operational in the first half of 2025. In 2021, the Company began building three 7,100 cubic yard dump scow barges, and in July 2021, the Company announced a contract to build two multifunctional all-purpose vessels multicats ). During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company invested 58.3 million in the new hopper dredges, 29.8 million in multicats and scows and 17.1 million in the rock installation vessel. The Company anticipates that remaining new build program payments will be made with cash on hand, future cash flows generated from operations and revolver availability. In 2022, 2021 and 2020, we received 2.1 million, 4.5 million and 4.5 million, respectively, in proceeds from dispositions of property and equipment. 
 The Company s net cash flows used in financing activities for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 totaled 1.7 million, 5.9 million and 6.3 million, respectively. The decrease in cash used in financing activities relates to greater new debt financing fees in the prior year period in addition to changes in the taxes paid on settlement of vested shares awards and a decrease in the exercise of options and purchases from the Company s employee stock purchase plan. In addition, the Company repurchased 3.9 million of common stock during 2020 and none during the periods ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. 
 The Company expects to spend approximately 175 million on capital expenditures in 2023 which is comprised of vessels in our new build program and maintenance capital expenditures. Subsequent to year end 2022, the Company has drawn 65 million on the Amended Credit Agreement to support payments related to the new build program. In January 2023, the Company applied with the Maritime Administration or MARAD, which is a unit of the U.S. Department of Transportation, for Title XI financing. If approved, we could borrow a portion of the acquisition cost of the subsea rock installation vessel with repayment terms of up to 25 years at rates tied to U.S. Treasury rates. MARAD announced in 2022 that they want to facilitate more offshore wind construction and have designated vessels like our subsea rock installation ship, Vessels of National Interest which will prioritize our application for review and funding through Title XI. The review and approval process is expected to be completed later in 2023. The Company anticipates that remaining new build program payments will be made with cash on hand, future cash flows generated from operations, revolver availability and potential new sources of financing. 
 Commitments, contingencies and liquidity matters 
 
 Refer to Note 6, Long-term debt, in the Company s consolidated financial statements for discussion of the Company s Amended Credit Agreement and Senior Notes. Additionally, refer to Note 12, Commitments and contingencies, in the consolidated financial statements for discussion of the Company s surety agreements. 
 Other 
 
 The future declaration and payment of dividends will be at the discretion of the Company s board of directors and will depend on many factors, including general economic and business conditions, our strategic plans, our financial results and condition and legal requirements, including restrictions and limitations contained in the Amended Credit Agreement, surety bonding agreement and the indenture relating to our senior notes. Accordingly, we cannot make any assurances as to the size of any such dividend or that it will pay any such dividend in future quarters. 
 
 The Company believes our cash and cash equivalents, our anticipated cash flows from operations and availability under our revolving credit facility will be sufficient to fund our operations, capital expenditures and the scheduled debt service requirements for the next twelve months. Beyond the next twelve months, our ability to fund our working capital needs, planned capital expenditures, scheduled debt payments and dividends, if any, and to comply with all the financial terms and covenants required under the Amended Credit Agreement, depends on our future operating performance and cash flows, which in turn are subject to prevailing economic conditions and to financial, business and other factors, some of which are beyond our control. 
 41 
 
 Contractual Obligations 
 Additional information related to contractual obligations can be found within this Item 7 in our Liquidity and Capital Resources section and also in Note 6, Long-term debt, and Note 12, Commitments and contingencies, to our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Other Off-Balance Sheet and Contingent Obligations 
 The Company had outstanding letters of credit relating to contract guarantees and insurance payment liabilities totaling 16.4 million at December 31, 2022. We have granted liens on a substantial portion of the owned operating equipment as security for borrowings under the Amended Credit Agreement and other indebtedness. 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company had outstanding performance bonds with a notional amount of 730.3 million of which 17.4 million relates to projects from our historical environmental infrastructure businesses. The revenue value remaining in backlog related to the projects totaled 308.5 million. 
 Certain foreign projects performed by the Company have warranty periods, typically spanning no more than one to three years beyond project completion, whereby we retain responsibility to maintain the project site to certain specifications during the warranty period. Generally, any potential liability of the Company is mitigated by insurance, shared responsibilities with consortium partners, and/or recourse to owner-provided specifications. 
 The Company considers it unlikely that it would have to perform under any of its contingent obligations. 
 42 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitat ive Disclosures about Market Risk. 
 In May 2021, the Company sold 325 million of unsecured 5.25 Senior Notes due June 1, 2029 pursuant to a private offering. The Company used the net proceeds from the offering, together with cash on hand, to redeem all 325 million aggregate principal amount of its prior outstanding 8 Notes. The 2029 Notes were priced to investors at par and will mature on June 1, 2029. At December 31, 2022, the Company had long-term senior notes outstanding with a recorded face value of 325.0 million. The fair value of these existing notes, which bear interest at a fixed rate of 5.25 , was 252.7 million at December 31, 2022 based on market prices. Assuming a 10 decrease in interest rates from the rates at December 31, 2022 the fair value of this fixed rate debt would have increased to 265.6 million. 
 A significant operating cost for the Company is diesel fuel, which represents approximately 11 of our costs of contract revenues. We use fuel commodity forward contracts, typically with durations of less than one year, to reduce the impacts of changing fuel prices on operations. We do not purchase fuel hedges for trading purposes. Based on our 2023 projected domestic fuel consumption, an approximate 10 increase in the average price per gallon of fuel would have a 0.4 million effect on fuel expense, after the effect of fuel commodity contracts in place at December 31, 2022. At December 31, 2022 we had outstanding arrangements to hedge the price of a portion of our fuel purchases related to domestic dredging work in backlog, representing approximately 80 of its anticipated domestic fuel requirements through December 2022. As of December 31, 2022, there were 7.3 million gallons remaining on these contracts. Under these agreements, we will pay fixed prices ranging from 2.29 to 3.95 per gallon. At December 31, 2022, the fair value liabilities on these contracts was 0.6 million, based on quoted market prices and is recorded in accrued liabilities. A 10 change in forward fuel prices would result in a 2.4. million change in the fair value of fuel hedges outstanding at December 31, 2022. 
 Item 8. Financial Statemen ts and Supplementary Data. 
 The consolidated financial statements (including financial statement schedules listed under Item 15 of this Report) of the Company called for by this Item, together with the Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm dated February 17, 2023, are set forth on pages 49 to 76 inclusive, of this Report, and are hereby incorporated by reference into this Item. Financial statement schedules not included in this Report have been omitted because they are not applicable or because the information called for is shown in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto. 
 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Acco untants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 None. 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures. 
 a) Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures 

Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures, as required by Rule 13a-15(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act as of December 31, 2022. Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act (a) is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding disclosure and (b) is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms. 
 Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer have concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures, as designed and implemented, were effective as of December 31, 2022. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a control system, no matter how well designed, implemented and operated can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that it will detect or uncover failures within the Company to disclose material information otherwise required to be set forth in our periodic reports. 
 b) Changes in internal control over financial reporting 

There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 43 
 
 c) Management s annual report on internal control over financial reporting 

The management of Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f), and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934). Management has used the framework set forth in the report entitled Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) published by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO to evaluate the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 The phrase internal control over financial reporting refers to the process designed by, or under the supervision of, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, and overseen by our Board of Directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and includes those policies and procedures that: 
 Pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; 

Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with general accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and 

Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Neither internal control over financial reporting nor disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance of achieving financial reporting objectives because of their inherent limitations. Internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls are processes that involve human diligence and compliance, and are subject to lapses in judgment and breakdowns resulting from human failures. Internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls also can be circumvented by collusion or improper management override. Because of such limitations, there is a risk that material misstatements may not be prevented, detected or reported on a timely basis by internal control over financial reporting or disclosure controls. However, these inherent limitations are known features of the financial reporting process. Therefore, it is possible to design safeguards for these processes that will reduce, although may not eliminate, these risks. 
 Our independent registered public accounting firm, Deloitte Touche LLP, who audited Great Lakes consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, has issued a report on Great Lakes internal control over financial reporting, which is included herein. 
 Management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 

44 
 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the stockholders and the Board of Directors of Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, of the Company and our report dated February 17, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 
 Basis for Opinion The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management's Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 45 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 /s/ Deloitte Touche LLP Chicago, Illinois February 17, 2023 

46 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information. 
 None. 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 None. 
 
 47 
 
 Part III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Of ficers and Corporate Governance. 
 Information regarding our executive officers is incorporated by reference herein from the discussion under Item 1. Business Information about our Executive Officers in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Code of Ethics 
 The Company has adopted a written code of business conduct and ethics that applies to all of our employees, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer, controller, and persons performing similar functions. The Company s code of ethics can be found on our website at www.gldd.com. We will post on our website any amendments to or waivers of the code of business conduct and ethics for executive officers or directors, in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. 
 The remaining information called for by this Item 10 is incorporated by reference herein from the discussions under the headings Election of Directors, Corporate Governance, Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports in the definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 
 Item 11. Executi ve Compensation. 
 The information required by Item 11 of Form 10-K is incorporated by reference herein from the discussions under the headings Executive Compensation Tables, Compensation Discussion and Analysis, Corporate Governance and CEO Pay Ratio in the definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Ow ners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 The information required by Item 12 of Form 10-K is incorporated by reference herein from the discussion under the headings Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Equity Compensation Plan Information in our definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Relate d Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 The information required by Item 13 of Form 10-K is incorporated by reference herein from the discussions under the headings Corporate Governance and Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change of Control and Certain Relationships and Related Transactions in the definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 
 Item 14. Principal Accou nting Fees and Services. 
 Our independent registered public accounting firm is Deloitte Touche LLP (PCAOB ID No. ). 
 The information required by Item 14 of Form 10-K is incorporated by reference herein from the discussion under the heading Matters Related to Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm in the definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 
 48 
 
 Part IV 
 Item 15. 	 Exhibits, Finan cial Statement Schedules. 
 (a) Documents filed as part of this report 
 1. Financial Statements 
 The financial statements are set forth on pages 49 to 76 of this Report and are incorporated by reference in Item 8 of this Report. 
 2. Financial Statement Schedules 
 All other schedules, except Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts on page 76, are omitted because they are not required or the required information is shown in the financial statements or notes thereto. 
 3. Exhibits 
 The exhibits required to be filed by Item 601 of Regulation S-K are listed in the Exhibit Index which is attached hereto and incorporated by reference herein. 
 
 Item 16. 	 Form 10-K Summary. 
 None. 

49 
 
 GREAT LAKES DREDGE DOCK CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 50 

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021, AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 53 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 54 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 55 

Consolidated Statements of Equity 
 56 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 58 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 59 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the stockholders and the Board of Directors of Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income/(loss), equity, and cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and the schedule listed in the Index at Item 15 (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated February 17, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 
 50 
 
 Revenue Recognition Estimated Costs at Completion Refer to Notes 1 and 10 to the financial statements 
 
 Critical Audit Matter Description : 
 
 During 2022, the Company s contract revenues were 648.8 million, all of which represented revenue recognized over time as work progressed on individual contracts. The Company recognizes revenue on its contracts utilizing the cost-to-cost method for determining progress toward completion of each contract. Revenue is recognized using contract fulfillment costs incurred to date compared to total estimated fulfillment costs at completion. Daily costs and project duration are significant factors in management s estimate of fulfillment costs at completion. 
 
 We identified estimated contract fulfillment costs at completion used in revenue recognition as a critical audit matter because of the judgments inherent in management s estimates related to contracts that were in progress at December 31, 2022. This required extensive audit effort and a high degree of auditor judgment when performing audit procedures on the total estimated contract fulfillment costs which underlie management s determination of revenue on contracts in progress. 
 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 
 Our audit procedures related to contract fulfillment costs incurred to date and management s estimates of the total costs at completion for contracts in progress included the following, among others: 
 
 We tested the effectiveness of internal controls over revenue recognition, including management s internal controls over 

contract fulfillment costs incurred to date and estimated total costs at completion. 
 We selected a sample of contracts with customers, and we performed the following: 

Tested management s process of determining the estimated cost to complete the contract and evaluated management s ability to achieve the estimates of total cost by obtaining relevant support and inquiring with the Company s project managers and engineers, comparing the estimates to management s work plans, and comparing expected profit margins to those achieved on similar contracts to determine whether the estimates were within an acceptable range. 

For certain contracts, we performed in-person site visits and held meetings with the project site managers and project sponsors, who are a part of GLDD operations outside of the accounting and finance function, to discuss the contract activities. Further, we utilized a global positioning system tracking technology to validate equipment deployed on-site. 

We evaluated management s ability to accurately estimate contract fulfillment costs at completion by performing a hindsight 

analysis using historical contracts and comparing the margin at contract inception compared to margin at contract completion. 
 We tested the accuracy and occurrence of contract fulfillment costs incurred to date by selecting a sample of costs from contract 

cost general ledger detail and obtaining supporting documentation in the form of invoices or pay statements and time-charged records. 
 We compared total actual costs incurred on projects completed during the year to management s estimates as of the prior year 

end to evaluate management s ability to accurately forecast total contract fulfillment costs at completion. 
 
 Goodwill Refer to Notes 1 and 7 to the financial statements 
 
 Critical Audit Matter Description : 
 
 The Company has one reportable segment which is also the Company s one operating segment and reporting unit for which the Company tests goodwill for impairment. The Company tests goodwill for impairment as of July 1 each year, or more frequently should circumstances change or events occur that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of the reporting unit below its carrying amount. The Company performed a qualitative goodwill impairment assessment as of its annual test date of July 1, 2022, and determined that it was not more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit was below its carrying amount as of such date. 
 
 During the interim period after the annual test date, the Company performed a quantitative goodwill impairment assessment with a valuation date of October 1, 2022. The Company s quantitative goodwill impairment assessment involved comparing the carrying value of the Company s reporting unit to the estimated fair value of the reporting unit which is based on both the market-based approach using the guideline public company method and income-based approach using a discounted cash flow method. The quantitative goodwill impairment assessment requires the Company to make significant estimates and assumptions related to the valuation of the reporting unit. Changes in these assumptions could have a significant impact on either the fair value of the reporting unit, the amount of any goodwill impairment charge, or both. 
 
 51 
 
 The Company's goodwill balance is 76.6 million as of December 31, 2022, and the quantitative goodwill impairment assessment as of the interim test date resulted with the fair value of the reporting unit in excess of its carrying value by at least 10 . Therefore, no goodwill impairment charge was recorded. However, the excess fair value over carrying value is low and as a result, there exists sensitivity to changes in estimates and assumptions between the carrying value and estimated fair value of the reporting unit. 
 
 We identified goodwill as a critical audit matter because of (i) the significant judgment inherent in management s estimates while developing the fair value measurement of the reporting unit including forecasted revenue growth rates, forecasted earnings before income taxes, depreciation and amortization EBITDA margins, and forecasted contract margin; (ii) a high degree of auditor judgment and subjectivity in performing our audit procedures; and (iii) an increased extent of effort involved using professionals with specialized skill and knowledge to evaluate the reasonableness of management's estimates and assumptions. 
 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 
 Our audit procedures related to selection of the forecasted revenue growth rates, forecasted EBITDA margins, and forecasted contract margin used in the quantitative goodwill impairment assessment for the Company s reporting unit included the following: 
 
 We tested the effectiveness of internal controls over management's quantitative goodwill impairment assessment, including 

those over the selection of the forecasted revenue growth rates, forecasted EBITDA margins, and forecasted contract margin used in the fair value measurement. 
 We performed sensitivity analyses of the forecasted revenue growth rates, forecasted EBITDA margins, and forecasted contract 

margins to evaluate the reasonableness of management s assumptions. 
 We evaluated the reasonableness of the forecasted revenue growth rates, forecasted EBITDA margins, and forecasted contract 

margins by performing inquiries of the Company s executives and those outside of the accounting and finance function and also by comparing to historical forecasts and backlog amounts. 
 We evaluated the reasonableness of the forecasted revenue growth rates and forecasted EBITDA margins by comparing the 

assumptions to (i) similar metrics for guideline public companies, (ii) internal communications to management and the Board of Directors, (iii) analyst reports, and (iv) third-party macroeconomic and industry data. 
 
 /s/ 

February 17, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 1991. 
 52 
 
 Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated B alance Sheets 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 (in thousands, except per share amounts) 

2022 

2021 

ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable net 

Contract revenues in excess of billings 

Inventories 

Prepaid expenses 

Other current assets 

Total current assets 

PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT Net 

OPERATING LEASE ASSETS 

GOODWILL 

INVENTORIES Noncurrent 

OTHER 

TOTAL 

LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 

CURRENT LIABILITIES: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Operating lease liabilities 

Billings in excess of contract revenues 

Total current liabilities 

LONG-TERM DEBT 

OPERATING LEASE LIABILITIES Noncurrent 

DEFERRED INCOME TAXES 

OTHER 

Total liabilities 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Note 12) 

EQUITY: 

Common stock par value; authorized, and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

Treasury stock, at cost 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated retained earnings 

Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 

() 

Total equity 

TOTAL 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 53 
 
 Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statem ents of Operations 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (in thousands, except per share amounts) 

2022 

2021 

2020 

CONTRACT REVENUES 

COSTS OF CONTRACT REVENUES 

GROSS PROFIT 

OPERATING EXPENSES: 

GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES 

PROCEEDS FROM LOSS OF USE CLAIM 

() 

(GAIN) LOSS ON SALE OF ASSETS Net 

() 

() 

Total operating income (loss) 

() 

OTHER EXPENSE: 

Interest expense net 

() 

() 

() 

Other income (loss) 

() 

Total other expense 

() 

() 

() 

INCOME (LOSS) BEFORE INCOME TAXES 

() 

INCOME TAX (PROVISION) BENEFIT 

() 

() 

NET INCOME (LOSS) 

() 

Basic earnings (loss) per share 

() 

Basic weighted average shares 

Diluted earnings (loss) per share 

() 

Diluted weighted average shares 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 54 
 
 Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of C omprehensive Income (Loss) 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (in thousands) 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Net income (loss) 

() 

Net change in cash flow derivative hedges net of tax (1) 

() 

() 

Comprehensive income (loss) 

() 

(1) , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 , respectively. 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 55 
 
 Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Stat ements of Equity 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (in thousands) 

Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation shareholders 

Accumulated 

Shares of 

Shares of 

Additional 

Accumulated 

Other 

Common 

Common 

Treasury 

Treasury 

Paid-In 

Retained Earnings 

Comprehensive 

Stock 

Stock 

Stock 

Stock 

Capital 

(Deficit) 

Income (Loss) 

Total 

BALANCE January 1, 2020 

() 

Share-based compensation 

Vesting of restricted stock units, including impact of shares withheld for taxes 

() 

() 

Exercise of stock options and purchases from employee stock purchase plan 

Repurchase of common stock 
 
 () 

() 

() 

() 

Net income 

Other comprehensive income net of tax 

BALANCE December 31, 2020 

Share-based compensation 

Vesting of restricted stock units, including impact of shares withheld for taxes 

() 

() 

Exercise of stock options and purchases from employee stock purchase plan 

Repurchase of common stock 
 
 - 

Net income 

Other comprehensive loss net of tax 

() 

() 

BALANCE December 31, 2021 

Share-based compensation 

Vesting of restricted stock units, including impact of shares withheld for taxes 

() 

() 

Exercise of stock options and purchases from employee stock purchase plan 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Other comprehensive loss net of tax 

() 

() 

BALANCE December 31, 2022 

() 

56 
 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 57 
 
 Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statem ents of Cash Flows 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (in thousands) 

2022 

2021 

2020 

OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net income (loss) 

() 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash flows provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation expense 

Deferred income taxes 

() 

(Gain) loss on sale of assets 

() 

() 

Amortization of deferred financing fees 

Share-based compensation expense 

Changes in assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

() 

() 

Contract revenues in excess of billings 

() 

() 

() 

Inventories 

() 

() 

() 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

() 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

() 

() 

() 

Billings in excess of contract revenues 

() 

() 

() 

Other noncurrent assets and liabilities 

() 

Cash provided by operating activities 

INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Purchases of property and equipment 

() 

() 

() 

Proceeds from dispositions of property and equipment 

Cash used in investing activities 

() 

() 

() 

FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Repayments of debt 

() 

Proceeds from issuance of debt 

Deferred financing fees 

() 

() 

Taxes paid on settlement of vested share awards 

() 

() 

() 

Exercise of stock options and purchases from employee stock plans 

Repurchase of common stock 

() 

Borrowings under revolving loans 

Repayments of revolving loans 

() 

Cash used in financing activities 

() 

() 

() 

Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

() 

() 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash included in other long-term assets 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period 

Supplemental Cash Flow Information 

Cash paid for interest 

Cash paid for income taxes 

Non-cash Investing and Financing Activities 

Property and equipment purchased but not yet paid 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 58 
 
 GREAT LAKES DREDGE DOCK CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 AS OF December 31, 2022 AND 2021 AND FOR THE 
 YEARS ENDED December 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts or as otherwise noted) 

Furniture and fixtures 
 
 - 

Vehicles, dozers, and other light operating equipment and systems 
 
 - 

Heavy operating equipment (dredges and barges) 
 
 - 

Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of their remaining useful lives or the remaining terms of the leases. 
 operating segment which is also the Company s reportable segment and reporting unit of which the Company tests goodwill for impairment. In the current year, the Company performed both a qualitative and a quantitative goodwill impairment test. The Company performed its annual test of impairment as of July 1, 2022 and an interim test of impairment as of October 1, 2022 with no indication of impairment as of either test date. When performing the qualitative test, the Company determined that it is not more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. The Company has documented the qualitative considerations and determinations to support this conclusion. When performing the quantitative test, the Company assessed the fair values of its reporting unit using both a market-based approach and an income-based approach. The assessment used estimates based on assumptions that the Company believes to be reasonable, but such assumptions are subject to unpredictability and uncertainty. Likewise, changes in terminal value and discount rate assumptions, unfavorable economic environment or market conditions and other factors in the future may cause a different assessment. Changes in these estimates and assumptions could materially affect the determination of fair value, and may result in the impairment of goodwill in the event that actual results differ from those estimates. As of the test date, the fair value of the reporting unit was in excess of its carrying value by at least . The Company will continue to monitor for changes in facts or circumstances that may impact our estimates. The Company will perform its next scheduled annual test of goodwill in the third quarter of 2023 should no triggering events occur which would require a test prior to the next annual test. 

Weighted-average common shares outstanding basic 

Effect of stock options and restricted stock units 

Weighted-average common shares outstanding diluted 

Earnings per share basic 

() 

Earnings per share diluted 

() 

For the year ended December 31, 2022 the dilutive effect of stock options NQSO and restricted stock units RSU were excluded from the diluted weighted-average common shares outstanding as the Company incurred a loss during the period. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 , thousand, thousand and thousand, respectively, non-qualified stock options NQSOs and restricted stock units RSUs were excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings per share based on the application of the treasury stock method, as such NQSOs and RSUs were determined to be anti-dilutive. 

Buildings and improvements 

Furniture and fixtures 

Operating equipment 

Total property and equipment 

Accumulated depreciation 

() 

() 

Property and equipment net 

Operating equipment of was classified as held for sale, excluded from property and equipment, as of December 31, 2022. Gain or loss on sale of assets, net for the year ended December 31, 2022 includes of loss related to the retirement of an asset which is classified as held for sale. Depreciation expense was , and , for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 , respectively. 

Lease costs 

Short-term lease costs 

Total lease cost 

Lease terms and commitments 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Minimum lease payments 

Imputed interest 

Present value of minimum operating lease payments 

As most of the Company s leases do not provide an implicit rate, the Company used its incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at commencement date in determining the present value of lease payments. years 

Weighted average discount rate 

() 

() 

Operating lease liabilities arising from obtaining new operating lease assets 

Other 

Payroll and employee benefits 

Interest 

Income and other taxes 

Contract reserves 

Fuel hedge contracts 

Total accrued expenses 

63 

Total 

Credit agreement On July 29, 2022, the Company, Great Lakes Dredge Dock Company, LLC, NASDI Holdings, LLC, Great Lakes Environmental Infrastructure Solutions, LLC, Great Lakes U.S. Fleet Management, LLC, and Drews Services LLC (collectively the Credit Parties entered into a second amended and restated revolving credit and security agreement (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Amended Credit Agreement with certain financial institutions from time to time party thereto as lenders, PNC Bank, National Association, as Agent (the Agent ), PNC Capital Markets, CIBC Bank USA, Bank of America, N.A. and Trust Securities, Inc., as Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Bookrunners, CIBC Bank USA and Trust Bank as Co-Syndication Agents, Bank of America, N.A., as Documentation Agent and PNC Bank National Association, as Green Loan Coordinator. The Amended Credit Agreement amends and restates the prior Amended Credit Agreement dated as of May 3, 2019 by and among the financial institutions from time to time party thereto as lenders, the Agent and the Credit Parties party thereto such that the terms and conditions of the prior credit agreement have been subsumed and replaced in their entirety by the terms and conditions of the Amended Credit Agreement, including the amount available under the revolving credit facility. The terms of the Amended Credit Agreement are summarized below. The Amended Credit Agreement provides for a senior secured revolving credit facility in an aggregate principal amount of up to of which the full amount is available for the issuance of standby letters of credit. The maximum borrowing capacity under the Amended Credit Agreement is determined by a formula and may fluctuate depending on the value of the collateral included in such formula at the time of determination. The Amended Credit Agreement also includes an increase option that will allow the Company to increase the senior secured revolving credit facility by an aggregate principal amount of up to . This increase is subject to lenders providing incremental commitments for such increase, the Credit Parties having adequate borrowing capacity and provided that no default or event of default exists both before and after giving effect to such incremental commitment increase. The Amended Credit Agreement contains a green loan option where the Company can borrow at the lower interest rates described below so long as such funds are used to fund capital investments related to renewable energy and clean transportation projects and are consistent with green loan principles. The green loan option is subject to a sublimit. The Amended Credit Agreement contains customary representations and affirmative and negative covenants, including a springing financial covenant that requires the Credit Parties to maintain a fixed charge coverage ratio (ratio of earnings before income taxes, depreciation and amortization, net interest expenses, non-cash charges and losses and certain other non-recurring charges, minus capital expenditures, income and franchise taxes, to net cash interest expense plus scheduled cash principal payments with respect to debt plus restricted payments paid in cash) of not less than to 1.00. of the maximum loan amount for five consecutive days. The Amended Credit Agreement also contains customary events of default (including non-payment of principal or interest on any material debt and breaches of covenants) as well as events of default relating to certain actions by the Company s surety bonding providers. The obligations of the Credit Parties under the Amended Credit Agreement will be unconditionally guaranteed, on a joint and several basis, by each existing and subsequently acquired or formed material direct and indirect domestic subsidiary of the Company. Borrowings under the Amended Credit Agreement will be used to pay fees and expenses related to the Amended Credit Agreement, finance acquisitions permitted under the Amended Credit Agreement, finance ongoing working capital, for other general corporate purposes, and with respect to any green loan, fund capital investments related to renewable energy and clean transportation projects. The Amended Credit Agreement matures on the earlier of July 29, 2027 or the date that is ninety-one (91) days prior to the scheduled maturity date of the Company s unsecured senior notes, which is currently June 1, 2029, if the Company fails to refinance its unsecured senior notes prior to their scheduled maturity date but only if such scheduled maturity date is prior to the maturity date of the Amended Credit Agreement. The obligations under the Amended Credit Agreement are secured by substantially all of the assets of the Credit Parties. The outstanding obligations thereunder shall be secured by a valid first priority perfected lien on substantially all of the U.S. flagged and located vessels of the Credit Parties and a valid perfected lien on all domestic accounts receivable and substantially all other assets of the Credit Parties, subject to the permitted liens and interests of other parties (including the Company s surety bonding providers). Interest on the senior secured revolving credit facility of the Amended Credit Agreement is equal to either a Domestic Rate option or Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR option, at the Company s election. As of July 29, 2022, (a) the Domestic Rate option is the highest of (1) the base commercial lending rate of PNC Bank, National Association, as publicly announced, (2) the sum of the overnight bank funding rate plus and (3) the sum of the daily simple SOFR plus , so long as a daily simple SOFR is offered, ascertainable and not unlawful and (b) the SOFR option is the rate that applies for the applicable interest period determined by the Agent and based on the rate published by the CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited (or a successor administrator). After the date on which a borrowing base certificate is required to be delivered under Section 9.2 of the Amended Credit Agreement (commencing with the fiscal quarter ending September 30, 2022), the Domestic Rate option will be the Domestic Rate plus an interest margin ranging between and and the SOFR option will be the SOFR plus an interest margin ranging between and , in each case, depending on the quarterly average undrawn availability on the Amended Credit Agreement. Additionally, the Company will have an option to borrow at Green Loan Advance Rates, each of which will be lower than the corresponding applicable rate if the Company certifies that it will use such proceeds to invest in renewable energy and clean transportation projects and it complies with green loan principles. The Company had borrowings on the revolver, and of letters of credit outstanding and and of availability under the Amended Credit Agreement as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The availability under the Amended Credit Agreement is suppressed by and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, as a result of certain limitations of borrowing related to reserves and compliance with the Company's obligations set forth in the Amended Credit Agreement or the prior credit agreement. Senior notes and subsidiary guarantors In May 2021, the Company sold of unsecured Senior Notes (the 2029 Notes pursuant to a private offering. The 2029 Notes were priced to investors at par and will mature on . The Company used the net proceeds from the offering, together with cash on hand, to redeem all aggregate principal amount of its outstanding Senior Notes due 2022. The Company s obligations under these 2029 Notes are guaranteed by each of the Company s existing and future owned domestic subsidiaries that are co-borrowers or guarantors under the Amended Credit Agreement. Such guarantees are full, unconditional and joint and several. The parent company issuer has no independent assets or operations and all non-guarantor subsidiaries have been determined to be minor. Other 

Total 

The Company incurred amortization of deferred financing fees for its long-term debt of , and for each of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 . Such amortization is recorded as a component of net interest expense. 

Level 3 Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities. The Company is exposed to counterparty credit risk associated with non-performance of its various derivative instruments. The Company s risk would be limited to any unrealized gains on current positions. To help mitigate this risk, the Company transacts only with counterparties that are rated as investment grade or higher. In addition, all counterparties are monitored on a continuous basis. The Company utilizes the market approach to measure fair value for its financial assets and liabilities. The market approach uses prices and other relevant information generated by market transactions involving identical or comparable assets or liabilities. At times, the Company holds certain derivative contracts that it uses to manage foreign currency risk or commodity price risk. The Company does not hold or issue derivatives for speculative or trading purposes. 

Foreign currency exchange hedge contracts 
 
 2 

Total derivatives 

Fuel hedge contracts The Company is exposed to certain market risks, primarily commodity price risk as it relates to the diesel fuel purchase requirements, which occur in the normal course of business. The Company enters into heating oil commodity swap contracts to hedge the risk that fluctuations in diesel fuel prices will have an adverse impact on cash flows associated with its domestic dredging contracts. The Company s goal is to hedge approximately of the eligible fuel requirements for work in domestic backlog. As of December 31, 2022, the Company was party to various swap arrangements to hedge the price of a portion of its diesel fuel purchase requirements for work in its backlog to be performed through December 2022. As of December 31, 2022, there were million gallons remaining on these contracts representing forecasted domestic fuel purchases through December 2022. Under these swap agreements, the Company will pay fixed prices ranging from to per gallon. At December 31, 2022 , the fair value liability of the fuel hedge contracts were estimated to be and is recorded in accrued liabilities. At December 31, 2021, the fair value asset of the fuel hedge contracts were estimated to be and is recorded in other current assets. For fuel hedge contracts considered to be highly effective, the gains reclassified to earnings from changes in fair value of derivatives, net of cash settlements and taxes, for the year ended December 31, 2022 were . The remaining gains and losses included in the accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) at December 31, 2022 will be reclassified into earnings over the next twelve months, corresponding to the period during which the hedged fuel is expected to be utilized. Changes in the fair value of fuel hedge contracts not considered highly effective are recorded as costs of contract revenues in the Statement of Operations. The fair value of fuel hedges are corroborated using inputs that are readily observable in public markets; therefore, the Company determines fair values of these fuel hedges using Level 2 inputs. Foreign currency exchange hedge contracts The Company is exposed to certain market risks, including foreign currency exchange rate risks related to the purchase of new vessel build materials in Europe. The Company enters into foreign currency exchange forward contracts to hedge the risk that fluctuations in the Euro in relation to the Dollar could have an adverse impact on cash flows associated with its equipment builds. As of December 31, 2022, the Company was party to various foreign exchange forward contract arrangements to hedge the purchase of materials through November 2024. As of December 31, 2022, there were million Euro of payments remaining on these hedge contracts. Under these hedge contracts, the Company will pay fixed prices ranging from to per Euro. At December 31, 2022 , the fair value asset of foreign currency exchange hedge contracts were estimated to be and is recorded in other current assets. At December 31, 2022 , the fair value liability of foreign currency exchange hedge contracts were estimated to be and is recorded in accrued liabilities. There were no foreign currency exchange hedge contracts as of December 31, 2021. For foreign currency exchange hedge contracts considered to be highly effective, the losses reclassified to earnings from changes in fair value of derivatives, net of cash settlements and taxes, for the year ended December 31, 2022 were . The remaining gains and losses included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) at December 31, 2022 will be reclassified into earnings over the next twenty-three months, corresponding to the period during which the hedged currency is expected to be utilized. Changes in the fair value of foreign currency exchange hedge contracts not considered highly effective are recorded as other expenses in the Statement of Operations. The fair values of foreign currency exchange hedges are corroborated using inputs that are readily observable in public markets; therefore, the Company determines the fair value of these foreign currency exchange hedges using Level 2 inputs. Assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis All other nonfinancial assets and liabilities measured at fair value in the financial statements on a nonrecurring basis are subject to fair value measurements and disclosures. Nonfinancial assets and liabilities included in the consolidated balance sheets and measured on a nonrecurring basis consist of goodwill and long-lived assets. Goodwill and long-lived assets are measured at fair value to test for and measure impairment, if any, at least annually for goodwill or when necessary for both goodwill and long-lived assets. Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)) 

() 

Change in fair value of derivatives net of tax 

() 

Net change in cash flow derivative fuel hedges net of tax 

() 

() 

Foreign Currency Exchange Hedge Contracts 

Reclassification of derivative (gains) losses to earnings net of tax 

Change in fair value of derivatives net of tax 

Net change in cash flow derivative foreign currency hedges net of tax 

Total net change in cash flow derivative hedges net of tax 

() 

() 

() 

Income tax (provision) benefit 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Other financial instruments The carrying value of financial instruments included in current assets and current liabilities approximates fair value due to the short-term maturities of these instruments. Based on timing of the cash flows and comparison to current market interest rates, the carrying value of the senior revolving credit agreement approximates fair value. In May 2021, the Company sold of the 2029 Notes pursuant to a private offering, which were outstanding at December 31, 2022 (See Note 6, Long-Term Debt). The 2029 Notes were priced to investors at par and will mature on . The 2029 Notes are senior unsecured obligations of the Company and its subsidiaries that guarantee the 2029 Notes. The fair value of the 2029 Notes was at December 31, 2022, which is a Level 1 fair value measurement as the senior notes value was obtained using quoted prices in active markets. It is impracticable to determine the fair value of outstanding letters of credit or performance, bid and payment bonds due to uncertainties as to the amount and timing of future obligations, if any. 

67 

The Company s income (loss) before income tax from domestic and foreign operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 is as follows:) 

Foreign operations 

() 

() 

() 

Total income (loss) before income 

() 

The provision (benefit) for income taxes as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 is as follows:) 

State: 

Current 

() 

Deferred 

Foreign: 

Current 

() 

Deferred 

Total 

() 

The Company s income tax provision (benefit) reconciles to the provision (benefit) at the statutory U.S. federal income tax rate of for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 , as follows:) 

State income tax net of federal income tax benefit 

() 

Adjustment to deferred tax depreciation 

() 

Stock based compensation 

() 

() 

() 

Nondeductible officer compensation 

Research and development tax credits 

() 

() 

() 

Changes in valuation allowance 

Other 

() 

Income tax provision (benefit) 

() 

At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had loss carryforwards for federal income tax purposes of and respectively. Of the loss carryforwards at December 31, 2022 expires in and the remaining may be carried forward indefinitely. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had gross net operating loss carryforwards for state income tax purposes totaling and , respectively, which expire between and . The Company has established a valuation allowance that was and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company believes that the remaining net operating losses, net of the valuation allowance, will be fully utilized in future periods. The Company also has foreign gross net operating loss carryforwards of approximately and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which expire between and . At December 31, 2022 and 2021, a full valuation allowance has been established for the deferred tax asset of and related to foreign net operating loss carryforwards, respectively, as the Company believes it is more likely than not that the net operating loss carryforwards will not be realized. The Company does not expect that total unrecognized tax benefits will significantly increase or decrease within the next 12 months. The Company s policy is to recognize interest and penalties related to income tax matters in income tax expense. As of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 the Company had interest and penalties recorded. The Company files income tax returns at the U.S. federal level and in various state and foreign jurisdictions. U.S. federal income tax years prior to 2019 are closed and no longer subject to examination. With few exceptions, the statute of limitations in state taxing jurisdictions in which the Company operates has expired for all years prior to 2018. In foreign jurisdictions in which the Company operates, years prior to 2016 are closed and are no longer subject to examination. The Company s deferred tax assets (liabilities) at December 31, 2022 and 2021 are as follows: 

Accrued liabilities 

Federal NOLs and interest limitations 

Foreign NOLs 

State NOLs 

Research costs 

Tax credit carryforwards 

Valuation allowance 

() 

() 

Total deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

() 

() 

Operating lease liabilities 

() 

() 

Other liabilities 

() 

() 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

() 

() 

Net noncurrent deferred tax liabilities 

() 

() 

Deferred tax assets relate primarily to reserves and other liabilities for costs and expenses not currently deductible for tax purposes as well as net operating loss and other carryforwards. Deferred tax liabilities relate primarily to the cumulative difference between book depreciation and amounts deducted for tax purposes. The Company evaluates its ability to realize deferred tax assets by considering all available positive and negative evidence. This evidence includes its cumulative earnings or losses in recent years. The Company further considers the impact on these cumulative earnings or losses of discontinued operations and other divested operations and joint ventures, restructuring charges and other nonrecurring adjustments that are not indicative of its ability to generate taxable income in future periods. The Company also considers sources of taxable income, such as the amount and timing of realization of its deferred tax liabilities relative to the timing of expiration of loss carryforwards. When it is estimated to be more likely than not that all or some portion of deferred tax assets will not be realized, the Company establishes a valuation allowance for the amount of such deferred tax assets considered to be unrealizable. After evaluating the positive and negative evidence for future realization of deferred tax assets, the Company recorded valuation allowances for foreign net operating loss carryforwards and certain state net operating loss carryforwards to reduce the balance of these deferred tax assets at December 31, 2022 and 2021 as it was more likely than not that the balance of these tax items would not be realized. By contrast, after evaluating the positive and negative evidence, the Company concluded that it was more likely than not that the deferred federal income tax asset and remaining state net operating loss carryforwards recorded at December 31, 2022 and 2021 would ultimately be realized and determined that valuation allowance was required. 

 69 
 
 million shares of common stock, plus the number of shares that remained available for future grant under the Prior Plan as of the effectiveness of the Incentive Plan. The Prior Plan permitted the granting of stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock and restricted stock units to its employees and directors for up to million shares of common stock, plus an additional million shares underlying equity awards issued under the 2007 Long-Term Incentive Plan. The Company may also issue share-based compensation as inducement awards to new employees upon approval of the Board of Directors. Compensation cost charged to expense related to share-based compensation arrangements was , and , for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Non-qualified stock options The NQSO awards were granted with an exercise price equal to the market price of the Company s common stock at the date of grant. , and have exercise periods. The fair value of the NQSOs was determined at the grant date using a Black-Scholes option pricing model, which requires the Company to make several assumptions. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect for the expected term of the option at the time of grant. The annual dividend yield on the Company s common stock is based on estimates of future dividends during the expected term of the NQSOs. The expected life of the NQSOs was determined from historical exercise data providing a reasonable basis upon which to estimate the expected life. The volatility assumptions were based on historical volatility of Great Lakes. There is not an active market for options on the Company s common stock and, as such, implied volatility for the Company s stock was not considered. Additionally, the Company s general policy is to issue new shares of registered common stock to satisfy stock option exercises or grants of restricted stock. NQSO awards were granted in 2022, 2021 and 2020. The aggregate intrinsic value of stock options represents the difference between market value on the date of exercise and the option price. The aggregate intrinsic value of stock options exercised during 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , and , respectively. 

Granted 

Exercised 

() 

Forfeited or Expired 

Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 

Vested at December 31, 2022 

Restricted stock units vesting period. The fair value of RSUs was based upon the Company s stock price on the date of grant. 

Granted 

Vested 

() 

Forfeited 

() 

Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 

Expected to vest at December 31, 2022 

As of December 31, 2022, there was of total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested RSUs granted under the Incentive Plan. That cost for non-vested RSUs is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. The Incentive Plan permits the employee to use vested shares from RSUs to satisfy the grantee s U.S. federal income tax liability resulting from the issuance of the shares through the Company s retention of that number of common shares having a market value as of the vesting date equal to such tax obligation up to the minimum statutory withholding requirements. The amount related to shares used for such tax withholding obligations was approximately and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Director compensation The Company uses a combination of cash and share-based compensation to attract and retain qualified candidates to serve on its Board of Directors. Compensation is paid to non-employee directors. Directors who are employees receive no additional compensation for services as members of the Board or any of its committees. Share-based compensation is paid pursuant to the Incentive Plan. Each non-employee director of the Company receives an annual retainer of , payable quarterly in arrears, and is generally paid in cash and in common stock or deferred restricted stock units of the Company. Directors may elect to receive some or all of the cash retainer in common stock or deferred restricted stock units. In 2022 , the Chairman of the Board received an additional of annual compensation, paid in common stock. In the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, thousand, thousand and thousand shares, respectively, of the Company s common stock or restricted stock units were issued to non-employee directors under the Incentive Plan. 

of remaining performance obligations, which the Company refers to as total dredging backlog. T otal dredging backlog does not include approximately of performance obligations related to offshore wind contracts. The Company expects to perform on its offshore wind contracts using the inclined fall-pipe vessel for subsea rock installation which is expected to be delivered and operational in the first half of 2025. Approximately of the Company s dredging backlog will be completed in . Transaction price The transaction price is calculated using the Company s estimated costs to complete a project. These costs are based on the types of equipment required to perform the specified service, project site conditions, the estimated project duration, seasonality, location and complexity of a project. The nature of the Company s contracts gives rise to several types of variable consideration, including pay on quantity dredged for dredging projects and dredging project contract modifications. Estimated pay quantity is the amount of material the Company expects to dredge for which it will receive payment. Estimated quantity to be dredged is calculated using engineering estimates based on current survey data and the Company s knowledge based on historical project experience. Revenue by category Domestically, the Company s work generally is performed in coastal waterways and deep-water ports. The U.S. dredging market consists of four primary types of work: capital, coastal protection, maintenance and rivers lakes. Foreign projects typically involve capital work. 

Capital foreign 

Coastal protection 

Maintenance 

Rivers lakes 

Total revenues 

The following table sets forth, by type of customer, the Company s contract revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020: 

Revenues 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Dredging: 

Federal government 

State and local government 

Private 

Foreign 

Total revenues 

Contract balances Billings on contracts are generally submitted after verification with the customers of physical progress and are recognized as accounts receivable in the balance sheet. For billings that do not match the timing of revenue recognition, the difference between amounts billed and recognized as revenue is reflected in the balance sheet as either contract revenues in excess of billings or billings in excess of contract revenues. Certain pre-contract and pre-construction costs are capitalized and reflected as contract assets in the balance sheet. Customer advances, deposits and commissions are reflected in the balance sheet as contract liabilities. 

Contracts in progress 

Retainage 

Allowance for doubtful accounts 

() 

() 

Total accounts receivable net 

Amounts billed 

() 

() 

Costs and earnings in excess of billings for contracts in progress 

Costs and earnings in excess of billings for completed contracts 

Total contract revenues in excess of billings 

Current portion of contract revenues in excess of billings 

Long-term contract revenues in excess of billings 

Total contract revenues in excess of billings 

Billings in excess of costs and earnings: 

Amounts billed 

() 

() 

Costs and earnings for contracts in progress 

Total billings in excess of contract revenues 

() 

() 

In the year ending December 31, 2022, a revision to the estimated gross profit percentage of a project was recognized due to a positive settlement of a claim from the recently completed project resulting in a cumulative net impact on the project margin, which increased gross profit by . At December 31, 2022 and 2021, costs to fulfill contracts with customers recognized as an asset were and , respectively, and are recorded in other current assets and other noncurrent assets. These costs relate to pre-contract and pre-construction activities. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 the company amortized pre-contract and pre-construction costs of and , respectively. The Company s largest domestic customer is the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers (the Corps ), which has responsibility for federally funded projects related to navigation and flood control of U.S. waterways. In 2022, 2021 and 2020, , and , res pectively, of contract revenues were earned from contracts with federal government agencies, including the Corps, as well as other federal entities such as the U.S. Coast Guard and U.S. Navy. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recognized o f revenue related to the use of equipment by a customer working on a federal government contract. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, approximately and respectively, of accounts receivable, including contract revenues in excess of billings and retainage, were due on contracts with federal government agencies. The Company depends on its ability to continue to obtain federal government contracts, and indirectly, on the amount of federal funding for new and current government dredging projects. Therefore, the Company s operations can be influenced by the level and timing of federal funding. 

Costs of contract revenues 

() 

() 

() 

Gross profit (loss) 

() 

() 

() 

In 2022, 2021 and 2020, foreign revenues were primarily from work done in the Middle East. The majority of the Company s long-lived assets are marine vessels and related equipment. At any point in time, the Company may employ certain assets outside of the U.S., as needed, to perform work on the Company s foreign projects. As of December 31, 2022 and December, 2021, long-lived assets located outside of the U.S ha d n et book value. Currently our assets outside of the U.S. do not include dredges. Revenue from foreign projects has been concentrated in the Middle East which comprised less than in 2022, 2021 and 2020. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, approxim ately and , respectively, of total accounts receivable, including retainage and contract revenues in excess of billings, were due on contracts in the Middle East. 

401(k) savings plans, one covering substantially all non-union salaried employees Salaried Plan ), a second covering its hourly employees Hourly Plan ). Under the Salaried Plan and the Hourly Plan, individual employees may contribute a percentage of compensation and the Company will match a portion of the employees contributions. The Salaried Plan also includes a discretionary profit-sharing component, permitting the Company to make discretionary employer contributions to all eligible employees of these plans. Additionally, the Company sponsors a Supplemental Savings Plan in which the Company makes contributions for certain key executives. The Company s expense for matching, discretionary and Supplemental Savings Plan contributions for 2022, 2021 and 2020, was , and , respectively. The Company also contributes to various multiemployer pension plans pursuant to collective bargaining agreements. In 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company contributed , and respectively to all of the multiemployer plans that provide pension benefits. The information available to the Company about the multiemployer plans in which it participates, whether via request to the plan or publicly available, is generally dated due to the nature of the reporting cycle of multiemployer plans and legal requirements under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act ERISA as amended by the Multiemployer Pension Plan Amendments Act MPPAA ). Based upon these plans most recently available annual reports, the Company s contributions to these plans were less than of each plan s total contributions. The Company does not expect any future increased contributions to have a material negative impact on its financial position, results of operations or cash flows for future years. The risks of participating in multiemployer plans are different from single employer plans as assets contributed are available to provide benefits to employees of other employers and unfunded obligations from an employer that discontinues contributions are the responsibility of all remaining employers. In addition, in the event of a plan s termination or the Company s withdrawal from a plan, the Company may be liable for a portion of the plan s unfunded vested benefits. However, information from the plans administrators is not available to permit the Company to determine its share, if any, of unfunded vested benefits. 

 to . At December 31, 2022, the Company had outstanding performance bonds with a notional amount of approximately . The revenue value remaining in backlog related to the projects totaled approximately . Certain foreign projects performed by the Company have warranty periods, typically spanning no more than one to beyond project completion, whereby the Company retains responsibility to maintain the project site to certain specifications during the warranty period. Generally, any potential liability of the Company is mitigated by insurance, shared responsibilities with consortium partners, and/or recourse to owner-provided specifications. Legal proceedings and other contingencies As is customary with negotiated contracts and modifications or claims to competitively bid contracts with the federal government, the government has the right to audit the books and records of the Company to ensure compliance with such contracts, modifications, or claims, and the applicable federal laws. The government has the ability to seek a price adjustment based on the results of such audit. Any such audits have not had, and are not expected to have, a material impact on the financial position, operations, or cash flows of the Company. Various legal actions, claims, assessments and other contingencies arising in the ordinary course of business are pending against the Company and certain of its subsidiaries. The Company will defend itself vigorously on all matters. These matters are subject to many uncertainties, and it is possible that some of these matters could ultimately be decided, resolved, or settled adversely to the Company. Although the Company is subject to various claims and legal actions that arise in the ordinary course of business, except as described below, the Company is not currently a party to any material legal proceedings or environmental claims. The Company records an accrual when it is probable a liability has been incurred and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. The Company does not believe any of these proceedings, individually or in the aggregate, would be expected to have a material effect on results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. On April 23, 2014, the Company completed the sale of NASDI, LLC NASDI and Yankee Environmental Services, LLC Yankee ), which together comprised the Company s historical demolition business, to a privately-owned demolition company. Under the terms of the agreement, the Company received cash of and retained the right to receive additional proceeds based upon future collections of outstanding accounts receivable and work in process existing at the date of close. On January 14, 2015, the Company and its subsidiary, NASDI Holdings, LLC, brought an action in the Delaware Court of Chancery to enforce the terms of the Company's agreement to sell NASDI and Yankee. The Company seeks specific performance of the buyer s obligation to collect and to remit the additional proceeds, and other related relief. Defendants have filed counterclaims alleging that the Company misrepresented the quality of its contracts and receivables prior to the sale. The Company denies defendants allegations. In addition, the Company has been granted a judgment in the amount of based upon the buyer s default of its obligations to indemnify the Company for losses resulting from failure to perform in accordance with terms of surety performance bond. On April 11, 2022, the Supreme Court of Delaware issued its decision denying that appeal and affirming the Chancery Court judgment. The Company continues to aggressively pursue collection from the buyer on outstanding amounts owed under the sale and the indemnification. An estimate of a range of potential gains or losses relating to these matters cannot reasonably be made. On April 22, 2021, the U.S. Attorney s Office for the Eastern District of Louisiana filed a bill of information against the Company charging the Company with a negligent discharge violation of the Clean Water Act (the CWA arising from a September 2016 oil spill. The spill occurred during the Company s Cheniere Ronquille project and resulted in the discharge of around barrels of crude oil in Bay Long, Louisiana. The Company cooperated with the U.S. Attorney s Office and other relevant agencies in their investigation of the oil spill and on June 15, 2021, the Company pleaded guilty to the misdemeanor violation alleged in the bill of information and agreed to pay a fine of . In the first quarter of 2022, the Company entered into a settlement of a civil suit arising from the same matter which was primarily covered by its insurance policies. On June 14, 2022, the Company was sentenced in the criminal matter, and paid a fine of . The Company had previously deposited into the registry of the court to pay any ordered restitution; however, the Company was not ordered to pay any restitution and the deposited funds, less the amount of the fine and administrative costs, were returned to the Company. The CWA provides that, upon an entity s conviction of certain offenses, the entity is automatically disqualified from eligibility to receive certain federal contracts, if it will perform any part of the awarded contract at the facility giving rise to the conviction (called the violating facility ). Accordingly, the Court s entry of the Company s conviction under the CWA resulted in the automatic disqualification of the Company s eligibility to be awarded contracts at the violating facility, which the federal suspension and debarment officer (the SDO determined to be the Company s field office for the Cheniere Ronquille project, located at 28465 Hwy 23, Port Sulphur, Louisiana. The disqualification was imposed on June 23, 2022, and only applied to the Port Sulphur facility and not the Company as a whole. On the same day, June 23, 2022, the SDO issued a decision reinstating the Company s Port Sulphur facility based on the SDO s determination that the Company had addressed the causes of the CWA violation. This matter is now fully resolved and will not have any future impact on the Company s business, financial condition or results of operations. Lease obligations The Company leases certain operating equipment and office facilities under long-term operating leases expiring at various dates through 2030. The equipment leases contain renewal or purchase options that specify prices at the then fair value upon the expiration of the lease terms. The leases also contain default provisions that are triggered by an acceleration of debt maturity under the terms of the Company s Amended Credit Agreement, or, in certain instances, cross default to other equipment leases and certain lease arrangements require that the Company maintain certain financial ratios comparable to those required by its Amended Credit Agreement. Additionally, the leases typically contain provisions whereby the Company indemnifies the lessors for the tax treatment attributable to such leases based on the tax rules in place at lease inception. The tax indemnifications do not have a contractual dollar limit. To date, no lessors have asserted any claims against the Company under these tax indemnification provisions. 

76 

Valuation allowance for deferred tax assets 

() 

Total 

() 

Year ended December 31, 2021 

Allowances deducted from assets to which they apply: 

Allowances for doubtful accounts 

Valuation allowance for deferred tax assets 

Total 

Year ended December 31, 2022 

Allowances deducted from assets to which they apply: 

Allowances for doubtful accounts 

Valuation allowance for deferred tax assets 

Total 

77 
 
 I. EXHIB IT I NDEX 

Number 
 
 Document Description 

2.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of December 22, 2003, among Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation, GLDD Acquisitions Corp., GLDD Merger Sub, Inc. and Vectura Holding Company LLC. (Incorporated by reference to Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on January 6, 2004). 

2.2 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger by and among GLDD Acquisitions Corp., Aldabra Acquisition Corporation, and certain shareholders of Aldabra Acquisition Corporation and GLDD Acquisitions Corp., dated as of June 20, 2006. (Incorporated by reference to Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on June 22, 2006). 

3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Great Lakes Dredge Dock Holdings Corp., effective December 26, 2006 (now renamed Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation). (Incorporated by reference to Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation s Registration Statement on Form 8-A12B filed with the Commission on December 26, 2006). 

3.2 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Bylaws of Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation, dated as of January 12, 2023. (Incorporated by reference to Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on January 19, 2023). 

3.3 
 
 Certificate of Ownership and Merger of Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation with and into Great Lakes Dredge Dock Holdings Corp. (Incorporated by reference to Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on December 29, 2006). 

4.1 
 
 Description of Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act. (Incorporated by reference to Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on February 26, 2020). 

4.2 
 
 Specimen Common Stock Certificate for Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation. (Incorporated by reference to Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on March 22, 2007). 

4.3 
 
 Indenture, dated May 25, 2021, among Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation, as Issuer, the guarantors party thereto, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee, relating to the 2029 Notes (incorporated by reference to Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on August 3, 2021). 

4.4 
 
 Form of 2029 Notes (Incorporated by reference to Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on August 3, 2021). 

10.1 
 
 Agreement of Indemnity, dated as of April 7, 2015, by and among Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation, Great Lakes Dredge Dock Company, LLC, Great Lakes Environmental Infrastructure Solutions, LLC, Magnus Pacific, LLC, Terra Contracting, LLC, Terra Fluid Management, LLC and Liberty Mutual Insurance Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates. (Incorporated by reference to Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on May 6, 2015). 

78 

Number 
 
 Document Description 

10.2 
 
 Agreement of Indemnity, dated as of April 7, 2015, by and among Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation, Great Lakes Dredge Dock Company, LLC, Great Lakes Environmental Infrastructure Solutions, LLC, Magnus Pacific, LLC, Terra Contracting, LLC, Terra Fluid Management, LLC and Westchester Fire Insurance Company or any of its affiliates, including any other company that is part of or added to ACE Holdings, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on May 6, 2015). 

10.3 
 
 Agreement of Indemnity, dated as of April 7, 2015, by and among Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation, Great Lakes Dredge Dock Company, LLC, Great Lakes Environmental Infrastructure Solutions, LLC, Magnus Pacific, LLC, Terra Contracting, LLC, Terra Fluid Management, LLC and Argonaut Insurance Company. (Incorporated by reference to Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on May 6, 2015). 

10.4 
 
 Agreement of Indemnity, dated as of September 7, 2011, by and among Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation, Great Lakes Dredge Dock Company, LLC, Lydon Dredging and Construction Company, Ltd., Fifty-Three Dredging Corporation, Dawson Marine Services Company, Great Lakes Dredge Dock Environmental, Inc. f/k/a Great Lakes Caribbean Dredging, Inc., NASDI, LLC, NASDI Holdings Corporation, Yankee Environmental Services, LLC, Great Lakes Dredge Dock (Bahamas) Ltd. and Zurich American Insurance Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates. (Incorporated by reference to Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on March 29, 2013). 

10.5 
 
 First Rider to the General Agreement of Indemnity, dated as of June 4, 2012, by and among Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation, Great Lakes Dredge Dock Company, LLC, Lydon Dredging and Construction Company, Ltd., Fifty-Three Dredging Corporation, Dawson Marine Services Company, Great Lakes Dredge Dock Environmental, Inc. f/k/a Great Lakes Caribbean Dredging, Inc., Great Lakes Dredge Dock (Bahamas) Ltd. and Zurich American Insurance Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates. (Incorporated by reference to Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on August 4, 2015). 

10.6 
 
 Employment Agreement between Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation and Lasse Petterson, dated as of April 28, 2017. (Incorporated by reference to Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on May 1, 2017). 

10.7 
 
 Employment Agreement between Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation and Scott Kornblau, dated as of September 29, 2021. (Incorporated by reference to Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on October 4 , 2021). 

10.8 
 
 Employment Agreement between Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation and Vivienne Schiffer, dated as of October 1, 2020. (Incorporated by reference to Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on February 23, 2022). 

10.9 
 
 Employment Agreement between Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation and James Tastard, dated as of October 1, 2020 (Incorporated by reference to Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on May 4, 2021 ). 

10.10 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Great Lakes Dredge Dock Company, LLC Annual Bonus Plan effective as of January 1, 2012 (Incorporated by reference to Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on January 17, 2012). 

10.11 
 
 401 (k) Savings Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on March 30, 2005). 

10.12 
 
 Amended and Restated Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation Supplemental Savings Plan effective January 1, 2014. (Incorporated by reference to Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on March 11, 2014). 

10.13 
 
 Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation Director Deferral Plan, adopted on November 8, 2017 (Incorporated by reference to Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on February 28, 2018). 

10.14 
 
 Form of Investor Rights Agreement among Aldabra Acquisition Corporation, Great Lakes Dredge Dock Holdings Corp., Madison Dearborn Capital Partners IV, L.P., certain stockholders of Aldabra Acquisition Corporation and certain stockholders of GLDD Acquisitions Corp. (Incorporated by reference to Great Lakes Dredge Dock Holding Corp. s Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed with the Commission on August 24, 2006). 

79 

Number 
 
 Document Description 

10.15 
 
 Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation 2017 Long-Term Incentive Plan (Incorporated by reference to Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on May 17, 2017). 

10.16 
 
 Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation 2021 Long-Term Incentive Plan (Incorporated by reference to Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on May 7, 2021). 

10.17 
 
 Form of Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement pursuant to the Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation 2017 Long-Term Incentive Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on May 4, 2018). 

10.18 
 
 Form of Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (Three Year Form) pursuant to the Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation 2017 Long-Term Incentive Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on May 4, 2018). 

10.19 
 
 Restricted Stock Unit Award Notice pursuant to the Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation 2017 Long-Term Incentive Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on May 3, 2019). 

10.20 
 
 Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award Notice pursuant to the Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation 2017 Long-Term Incentive Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on May 3, 2019). 

10.21 
 
 Purchase Agreement, dated May 12, 2021, by and among the Company, certain subsidiary guarantors named therein and BofA Securities, Inc., as representative of the initial purchasers named therein. (Incorporated by reference to Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on May 18, 2021). 

10.22 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Revolving Credit and Security Agreement dated as of July 29, 2022 by and among Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation, as Borrower, each other Credit Party party hereto from time to time, the financial institutions which are now or which hereafter become a party hereto as lenders, PNC Bank, National Association, as Agent (the Agent ), PNC Capital Markets, CIBC Bank USA, Bank of America, N.A. and Truist Securities, Inc., as Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Bookrunners, CIBC Bank USA and Truist Bank as Co-Syndication Agents, Bank of America, N.A., as Documentation Agent and PNC Bank National Association, as Green Loan Coordinator (Incorporated by reference to Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on August 1, 2022) 

10.23 
 
 Vessel Construction Agreement, dated June 5, 2020 by and between Conrad Shipyard, L.L.C., and Great Lakes Dredge Dock Company, LLC. (Incorporated by reference to Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on August 4, 2020). (1) 

10.24 
 
 Vessel Construction Agreement, dated November 15, 2021 by and between Philly Shipyard Inc., and Great Lakes Dredge Dock Company, LLC. (Incorporated by reference to Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on February 23, 2022). (1) 

14.1 
 
 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. (Incorporated by reference to Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on May 18, 2016). 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation. 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Deloitte Touche LLP. 

31.1 
 
 Certification Pursuant to Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 
 Certification Pursuant to Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
 
 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
 
 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 

80 

Number 
 
 Document Description 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema. 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase. 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase. 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase. 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase. 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted in Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

(1) 

81 
 
 (2) 

82 
 
 (3) Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to Rule 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K. The omitted information is not material and is the type of information that the Company treats as private and confidential. 

Filed herewith 
 Compensatory plan or arrangement 
 
 83 
 
 SIGNA TURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation 

(registrant) 

By: 
 
 /s/ Scott Kornblau 

Scott Kornblau 

Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

(Principal Financial Officer and Duly Authorized Officer) 

Date: February 17, 2023 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capabilities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 Date 
 Title 

/s/ Lasse J. Petterson 
 February 17, 2023 
 President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 

Lasse J. Petterson 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Scott Kornblau 
 February 17, 2023 
 Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

Scott Kornblau 
 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

/s/ Todd M. Lightfoot 
 February 17, 2023 
 Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer 

Todd M. Lightfoot 
 
 (Principal Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Lawrence R. Dickerson 
 February 17, 2023 
 Chairman of the Board and Director 

Lawrence R. Dickerson 

/s/ Elaine J. Dorward-King 
 February 17, 2023 
 Director 

Elaine J. Dorward-King 

/s/ Ryan J. Levenson 
 February 17, 2023 
 Director 

Ryan J. Levenson 

/s/ Kathleen M. Shanahan 
 February 17, 2023 
 Director 

Kathleen M. Shanahan 

/s/ Earl Shipp 
 February 17, 2023 
 Director 

Earl Shipp 

/s/ Ronald R. Steger 
 February 17, 2023 
 Director 

Ronald R. Steger 

/s/ D. Michael Steuert 
 February 17, 2023 
 Director 

D. Michael Steuert 

84 

<EX-21>
 2
 gldd-ex21_1.htm
 EX-21.1

EX-21 

Exhibit 21.1 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT 

Name 
 
 Jurisdiction of Incorporation 

Great Lakes Dredge Dock Company, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Great Lakes U.S. Fleet Management, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Great Lakes Environmental Infrastructure Solutions, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Great Lakes Dredge Dock do Brasil Ltda. 
 
 Brazil 

Great Lakes Dredge Dock (Bahamas) Ltd. 
 
 Bahamas 

NASDI Holdings, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Terra Contracting Services, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Terra Fluid Management, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Drews Services LLC 
 
 South Carolina 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 3
 gldd-ex23_1.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23 

Exhibit 23.1 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement No. 333-153207 on Form S-3 and Registration Statement Nos. 333-185350, 333-218242 and 333-256955 on Form S-8 of our reports dated February 17, 2023, relating to the financial statements of Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation and subsidiaries (the Company and the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting, appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/ Deloitte Touche LLP 

Chicago, Illinois 

February 17, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31>
 4
 gldd-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF 
 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Lasse J. Petterson, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 17, 2023 

/s/ LASSE J. PETTERSON 

Lasse J. Petterson 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 5
 gldd-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF 
 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Scott Kornblau, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 17, 2023 

/s/ SCOTT KORNBLAU 

Scott Kornblau 

Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 6
 gldd-ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Lasse J. Petterson, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

This certification accompanies the Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, be deemed filed by Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

/s/ LASSE J. PETTERSON 

Lasse J. Petterson 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

Date: February 17, 2023 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation and will be retained by Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32>

<EX-32>
 7
 gldd-ex32_2.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Scott Kornblau, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

This certification accompanies the Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, be deemed filed by Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

/s/ SCOTT KORNBLAU 

Scott Kornblau 

Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

Date: February 17, 2023 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation and will be retained by Great Lakes Dredge Dock Corporation and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 gldd-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 gldd-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 gldd-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.CAL>
 13
 gldd-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 gldd-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

